Cardinals - Top 1st . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Punto fouled out to third . Rasmus walked . Pujols struck out looking . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Stubbs grounded out to second . Renteria flied out to center . Votto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Berkman popped out to shortstop . Molina lined out to center . Descalso flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Phillips singled to right center . Bruce fouled out to catcher . Rolen grounded into double play , second to first to third to second to first to third , Phillips out at third , Phillips out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Greene lined out to right . Lohse grounded out to pitcher . Punto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Lewis reached on infield single to shortstop . Hanigan walked , Lewis to second . Arroyo sacrificed to pitcher , Lewis to third , Hanigan to second . Stubbs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lewis out at home , Hanigan to third . Renteria popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Rasmus singled to right . Pujols singled to left , Rasmus to second . Holliday doubled to deep left , Rasmus scored , Pujols to third . Berkman hit sacrifice fly to center , Pujols scored . Molina grounded out to pitcher , Holliday to third . Descalso doubled to deep right , Holliday scored . Greene lined out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Votto struck out swinging . Phillips struck out looking . Bruce flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Lohse struck out swinging . Punto walked . Rasmus popped out to shortstop . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Rolen singled to center . Lewis singled to left center , Rolen to second . Hanigan lined out to second . Arroyo bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rolen out at third , Lewis to second . Stubbs walked , Lewis to third , Arroyo to second . Renteria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Holliday singled to left . Berkman struck out swinging . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Holliday out at second , Molina to second on throwing error by second baseman Phillips . Descalso singled to center , Molina scored , Descalso to second advancing on throw . Greene intentionally walked . Lohse grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 6th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Votto doubled to deep right . Phillips grounded out to second , Votto to third . Bruce reached on infield single to second , Votto scored . Rolen doubled to deep right , Bruce scored . Lewis flied out to left . Hanigan grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Bray pitching for Reds . Punto walked . Rasmus grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Punto out at second . Leake pitching for Reds . Heisey in left field . Pujols singled to center , Rasmus to second . Holliday singled to right , Rasmus scored , Pujols to second . Pujols to third , Holliday to second on wild pitch by Leake . Berkman intentionally walked . Molina grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Pujols out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Batista pitching for Cardinals . Jay in right field . Heisey singled to left . Stubbs walked , Heisey to second . Renteria doubled to left , Heisey and Stubbs scored . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Votto walked . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Phillips sacrificed to pitcher , Renteria to third , Votto to second . Bruce intentionally walked . Rolen popped out to second . Cairo hit for Leake . Cairo lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Masset pitching for Reds . Descalso lined out to center . Greene struck out swinging . Jay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Hanigan hit by pitch . Wood ran for Hanigan . Heisey lined into double play , pitcher to first , Wood out at first . Stubbs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Hernandez catching . Masset pitching for Reds . Punto struck out swinging . Rasmus struck out swinging . Pujols walked . Pujols stole second . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Sanchez pitching for Cardinals . Renteria walked . Renteria to second on wild pitch by Sanchez . Votto grounded out to first , Renteria to third . Phillips singled to center , Renteria scored . Bruce flied out to center . Rolen singled to left center , Phillips to third . Gomes hit for Masset . Gomes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 10th . Cordero pitching for Reds . Hamilton hit for Sanchez . Hamilton flied out to right . Molina singled to center . Descalso grounded out to second , Molina to second . Greene walked . Jay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 10th . Craig in right field . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Hernandez doubled to deep right center . Heisey grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hernandez out at third . Stubbs flied out to right . Renteria walked . Votto singled to right , Heisey scored , Renteria to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Reds 6 .	Reds nip Cardinals in 10 \n