Cardinals - Top 1st . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Descalso popped out to third . Jay singled to deep right . Pujols grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Stubbs struck out looking . Renteria hit ground rule double to deep right center . Votto walked . Phillips struck out looking . Bruce grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Holliday grounded out to third . Berkman singled to left . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Berkman out at second . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Freese out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Rolen flied out to center . Heisey grounded out to shortstop . Hanigan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Carpenter grounded out to second . Schumaker struck out swinging . Descalso singled to left center . Jay struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Arroyo struck out swinging . Stubbs walked . Renteria reached on infield single to third , Stubbs to second . Votto singled to left , Stubbs scored , Renteria to second . Phillips safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Carpenter , Renteria to third , Votto to second . Bruce grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Phillips out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 4th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Pujols struck out swinging . Holliday walked . Berkman lined out to second . Freese walked , Holliday to second . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Rolen grounded out to third . Heisey walked . Hanigan grounded into double play , third to first to shortstop to third to first to shortstop , Heisey out at third , Heisey out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Carpenter doubled to deep center . Schumaker grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Carpenter out at third . Descalso flied out to left . Jay reached on bunt single to pitcher , Schumaker to second , Schumaker to third on throwing error by pitcher Arroyo . Pujols homered to left ( 386 feet ) , Schumaker and Jay scored . Holliday grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Arroyo struck out looking . Stubbs doubled to right . Renteria flied into double play , center to shortstop , Stubbs doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Berkman struck out looking . Freese struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Votto flied out to left . Phillips lined out to second . Bruce singled to left . Rolen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Carpenter flied out to center . Schumaker singled to left . Descalso grounded out to second , Schumaker to second . Jay singled to center , Schumaker scored . Ondrusek pitching for Reds . Pujols grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Heisey grounded out to shortstop . Hanigan singled to left . Gomes hit for Ondrusek . Gomes fouled out to first . Stubbs singled to right , Hanigan to second . Renteria popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . LeCure pitching for Reds . Holliday flied out to center . Berkman struck out looking . Freese flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Punto at third base . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Votto safe at first on error by shortstop Descalso . Phillips flied out to right . Bruce struck out looking . Rolen safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Punto , Votto to third . Heisey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . LeCure pitching for Reds . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus hit for Carpenter . Rasmus walked . Bray pitching for Reds . Lewis in left field . Schumaker flied out to center . Descalso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Descalso at third base . Theriot at shortstop . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Hanigan flied out to right . Lewis grounded out to first . Stubbs singled to center . Stubbs to second on fielder 's indifference . Renteria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Reds 1 .	Pujols homers as Cards best Reds