Brewers - Top 1st. Finnegan pitching for Reds. Presley popped out to third. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. Braun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Cozart flied out to left. Hamilton walked. Hamilton stole second. Votto struck out looking. Hamilton stole third, Hamilton scored on throwing error by catcher Lucroy. Phillips popped out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 2nd. Finnegan pitching for Reds. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. Carter singled to center. Hill lined out to shortstop. Flores grounded into fielder's choice to second, Carter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Bruce doubled to deep right center. Suárez hit by pitch. Duvall singled to left, Bruce to third, Suárez to second. Barnhart grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bruce scored, Duvall out at second, Suárez to third. Finnegan singled to left, Suárez scored. Cozart lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Finnegan pitching for Reds. Rivera grounded out to pitcher. Nelson struck out looking. Presley singled to left. Pérez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Hamilton lined out to shortstop. Votto struck out looking. Phillips homered to left center (371 feet). Bruce lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Finnegan pitching for Reds. Braun homered to left (388 feet). Lucroy lined out to right. Carter grounded out to third. Hill flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Suárez struck out looking. Duvall singled to right. Barnhart lined out to left. Finnegan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Finnegan pitching for Reds. Flores singled to center. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Flores out at second. Nelson sacrificed to catcher, Rivera to second, Nelson safe at first on error by catcher Barnhart. Presley singled to left, Rivera to third, Nelson to second. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rivera scored, Presley out at second, Nelson to third. Braun grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 5th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Cozart singled to left. Cozart stole second. Hamilton singled to right, Cozart to third. Votto singled to center, Cozart and Hamilton scored, Votto to second on throwing error by third baseman Pérez. Phillips flied out to center, Votto to third. Bruce struck out swinging. Suárez popped out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 6th. Finnegan pitching for Reds. Lucroy homered to left center (417 feet). Carter safe at first on error by second baseman Phillips. Hill homered to left (382 feet), Carter scored. Delabar pitching for Reds. Flores walked. Rivera struck out swinging. Nieuwenhuis hit for Nelson. Nieuwenhuis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Flores out at second. Presley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Nieuwenhuis out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 6th. Boyer pitching for Brewers. Duvall struck out swinging. Barnhart grounded out to pitcher. Pacheco hit for Delabar. Pacheco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Ramírez pitching for Reds. Pérez grounded out to second. Braun struck out swinging. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Blazek pitching for Brewers. Cozart singled to left. Hamilton grounded out to first, Cozart to second. Votto grounded out to shortstop, Cozart to third. Phillips flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Ramirez pitching for Reds. Carter struck out swinging. Hill homered to left center (398 feet). Flores struck out looking. Rivera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Thornburg pitching for Brewers. Bruce struck out swinging. Suárez grounded out to shortstop. Duvall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Ohlendorf pitching for Reds. Santana hit for Thornburg. Santana struck out looking. Presley popped out to third. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 9th. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Barnhart lined out to center. Schebler hit for Ohlendorf. Schebler singled to right. Cozart lined out to left. Hamilton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 10th. Cotham pitching for Reds. Braun reached on infield single to shortstop. Lucroy singled to center, Braun to second. Carter reached on infield single to shortstop, Braun to third, Lucroy to second. Hill homered to left (361 feet), Braun, Lucroy and Carter scored. Flores doubled to deep center. Hayes pitching for Reds. Rivera reached on bunt single to third, Flores to third. Walsh hit for Jeffress. Rivera to second on fielder's indifference. Walsh struck out swinging. Presley intentionally walked. Villar hit for Pérez. Villar doubled to deep left, Flores and Rivera scored, Presley to third, Presley scored, Villar to third on throwing error by shortstop Cozart. Braun flied out to right. Lucroy flied out to center. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 10th. Villar at shortstop. Hill at third base. Rivera at second base. Torres pitching for Brewers. Votto struck out looking. Phillips homered to left (373 feet). Bruce flied out to center. Suárez popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 13 - Reds 7.	Hill homers 3 times as Brewers beat Reds 13-7 in 10 innings