Reds - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Indians. Cozart struck out swinging. Suárez grounded out to third. Votto walked. Phillips doubled to left, Votto scored. Phillips caught stealing third, catcher to third to shortstop to third. Bruce batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Lamb pitching for Reds. Davis singled to center. Kipnis popped out to shortstop. Lindor grounded into fielder's choice to second, Davis out at second. Napoli struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Indians. Bruce grounded out to first. Duvall homered to left (386 feet). Peraza singled to center. Pacheco grounded out to third, Peraza to second. Cabrera popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Lamb pitching for Reds. Santana walked. Gomes lined out to right. Ramírez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Indians. Cozart singled to right. Suárez homered to right center (396 feet), Cozart scored. Votto flied out to right. Phillips flied out to right. Bruce singled to left center. Duvall struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Lamb pitching for Reds. Byrd singled to right. Uribe reached on infield single to shortstop, Byrd to second, Byrd to third on throwing error by shortstop Cozart. Davis singled to right, Byrd scored, Uribe to second. Kipnis sacrificed to third, Uribe to third, Davis to second. Lindor doubled to deep center, Uribe and Davis scored. Napoli singled to right, Lindor scored. Santana flied out to center. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Napoli out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Indians. Peraza singled to left. Pacheco lined into double play, pitcher to first, Peraza doubled off first. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Lamb pitching for Reds. Ramírez doubled to left. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Uribe lined out to center, Ramírez to third. Davis walked. Kipnis singled to center, Ramírez and Davis scored. Lindor singled to right, Kipnis to third. Napoli singled to right, Kipnis scored, Lindor to second. Santana grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Indians. Cozart grounded out to second. Suárez singled to right. Votto doubled to deep left center, Suárez to third. Phillips intentionally walked. Crockett pitching for Indians. Bruce singled to left, Suárez and Votto scored, Phillips to second. Hunter pitching for Indians. Duvall grounded into double play, second to first, Bruce out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Somsen pitching for Reds. Gomes singled to center. Ramírez singled to right, Gomes to second. Byrd struck out looking. Uribe flied out to left. Davis walked, Gomes to third, Ramírez to second. Kipnis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Hunter pitching for Indians. Peraza lined out to right. Pacheco grounded out to third. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Somsen pitching for Reds. Lindor grounded out to second. Napoli walked. Santana singled to right, Napoli to second. Gomes homered to right center (390 feet), Napoli and Santana scored. Ramírez walked. Byrd homered to left (381 feet), Ramírez scored. Cotham pitching for Reds. Uribe grounded out to second. Davis struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Cozart lined out to shortstop. Suárez struck out swinging. Votto flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Cotham pitching for Reds. Kipnis singled to right. Martínez ran for Kipnis. Lindor singled to center, Martínez to second. Napoli walked, Martínez to third, Lindor to second. Santana hit sacrifice fly to right, Martínez scored, Lindor to third, Napoli to second. Gomes hit sacrifice fly to left, Lindor scored. Ramírez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Davis in left field. Martínez at second base. Naquin in center field. Ramírez at shortstop. Otero pitching for Indians. Phillips safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Martínez. Bruce grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Phillips out at second. Duvall struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 8th. De Jesús at second base. Holt in right field. Ramírez pitching for Reds. Byrd singled to left. Uribe struck out looking. Davis flied out to right. Martínez doubled to left, Byrd to third, Byrd scored on error by left fielder Duvall. Naquin grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 9th. Gimenez catching. Otero pitching for Indians. Peraza grounded out to second. Pacheco singled to center. Cabrera singled to right, Pacheco to second. Hamilton hit for Cozart. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera out at second, Pacheco to third. Hamilton to second on fielder's indifference. Suárez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 6 - Indians 15.	Gomes hits 3-run homer, has 4 RBIs as Indians rally by Reds