Rockies - Top 1st . Duke pitching for Pirates . Spilborghs grounded out to first . Barmes flied out to center . Tulowitzki struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Young walked . Sanchez struck out looking . McLouth struck out swinging . Ad LaRoche walked , Young to second . Diaz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ad LaRoche out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Hawpe flied out to center . Murton grounded out to shortstop . Atkins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Moss popped out to shortstop . An LaRoche struck out swinging . Wilson reached on infield single to third . Duke singled to right , Wilson to second . Wilson to third , Duke to second on passed ball by Torrealba . Young struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Stewart struck out swinging . Jimenez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Sanchez grounded out to first . McLouth homered to right center . Ad LaRoche struck out looking . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Spilborghs walked . Barmes singled to center , Spilborghs to second . Tulowitzki flied out to left . Hawpe singled to left center , Spilborghs scored , Barmes to third , Barmes scored , Hawpe to third on throwing error by catcher Diaz . Murton doubled to deep left , Hawpe scored . Atkins reached on infield single to shortstop , Murton to third . Torrealba hit sacrifice fly to right , Murton scored . Stewart flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Moss walked . An LaRoche singled to right , Moss to third . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Moss out at home , An LaRoche to second . Duke sacrificed to pitcher , An LaRoche to third , Wilson to second . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Jimenez struck out swinging . Spilborghs lined out to second . Barmes walked . Tulowitzki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Sanchez flied out to right . McLouth grounded out to first . Ad LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Hawpe grounded out to shortstop . Murton grounded out to shortstop . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Diaz grounded out to third . Moss singled to left center . An LaRoche fouled out to catcher . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Torrealba singled to right . Stewart singled to right , Torrealba to second . Jimenez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Torrealba out at third , Stewart to second . Spilborghs lined into double play , pitcher to first , Jimenez out at first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Daley pitching for Rockies . Hinske hit for Duke . Hinske walked . Young singled to left , Hinske to second . Sanchez doubled to right center , Hinske scored , Young to third . Embree pitching for Rockies . McLouth singled to center , Young and Sanchez scored , McLouth to second on throwing error by center fielder Spilborghs . Ad LaRoche safe at second on error by center fielder Spilborghs , McLouth scored . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Diaz reached on bunt single to third , Ad LaRoche to third . Moss walked , Diaz to second . An LaRoche doubled to deep left , Ad LaRoche and Diaz scored , Moss to third . Wilson singled to center , Moss scored , An LaRoche to third . Hinske singled to right , An LaRoche scored , Wilson to third . Young singled to deep right , Wilson scored , Hinske thrown out at third , Young to second advancing on throw . Sanchez flied out to right . McLouth doubled to deep center , Young scored . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Ad LaRoche struck out swinging . 10 Runs , 9 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Meek pitching for Pirates . Barmes struck out swinging . Tulowitzki singled to left . Hawpe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tulowitzki out at second . Hawpe to second on wild pitch by Meek . Murton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Diaz flied out to left . Moss singled to center . An LaRoche struck out swinging . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moss out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Meek pitching for Pirates . Atkins popped out to shortstop . Torrealba singled to left . Stewart struck out looking . Smith hit for Grilli . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Torrealba out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Pirates 11 .	Pirates use 10 - run seventh to rally past Rockies