Pirates - Top 1st . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Morgan struck out swinging . Sanchez doubled to deep right center . McLouth popped out to third . Ad LaRoche singled to left center , Sanchez scored . Moss struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Soriano walked . Theriot doubled to left , Soriano scored . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Theriot out at third . Soto walked , Johnson to second . Hoffpauir lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Dempster pitching for Cubs . An LaRoche grounded out to pitcher . Jaramillo singled to center . Wilson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jaramillo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Freel popped out to shortstop . Miles grounded out to second . Dempster struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Maholm grounded out to third . Morgan walked . Sanchez singled to right center , Morgan to third . Sanchez to second on wild pitch by Dempster . McLouth hit by pitch . Ad LaRoche walked , Morgan scored , Sanchez to third , McLouth to second . Moss walked , Sanchez scored , McLouth to third , Ad LaRoche to second . An LaRoche grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , McLouth out at home . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Soriano walked . Theriot doubled to left , Soriano to third . Bradley doubled to deep left , Soriano and Theriot scored . Johnson flied out to right , Bradley to third . Soto singled to center , Bradley scored . Hoffpauir grounded out to pitcher , Soto to second . Freel lined out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Jaramillo doubled to deep center . Wilson singled to shallow right , Jaramillo scored . Maholm sacrificed to catcher , Wilson to second . Morgan flied out to center . Sanchez homered to left center , Wilson scored . McLouth struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Miles struck out swinging , Miles safe at first on wild pitch by Maholm . Scales hit for Dempster . Scales flied out to right . Soriano grounded out to second , Miles to second . Theriot doubled to deep left , Miles scored . Bradley homered to left center , Theriot scored . Johnson singled to left . Soto flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Ascanio pitching for Cubs . Ad LaRoche grounded out to second . Moss singled to left . An LaRoche singled to right , Moss to second . Jaramillo singled to right , Moss to third , An LaRoche to second . Wilson popped out to first . Monroe hit for Maholm . Monroe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Hoffpauir walked . Freel sacrificed to pitcher , Hoffpauir to second . Miles struck out swinging . Ascanio popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Cotts pitching for Cubs . Morgan struck out looking . Sanchez singled to center . McLouth homered to right , Sanchez scored . Ad LaRoche doubled to deep right center . Moss grounded out to shortstop , Ad LaRoche to third . An LaRoche doubled to right , Ad LaRoche scored . Jaramillo grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Soriano struck out swinging . Theriot grounded out to third . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Heilman pitching for Cubs . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Gorzelanny grounded out to shortstop . Morgan tripled to deep right center . Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop , Morgan scored . Sanchez stole second . McLouth walked . Ad LaRoche grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sanchez to third , McLouth to second . Moss flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Johnson walked . Meek pitching for Pirates . Soto walked , Johnson to second . Hoffpauir grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Soto out at second , Johnson to third . Freel singled to center , Johnson scored . Miles singled to left , Freel to second . Zambrano hit for Heilman . Chavez pitching for Pirates . Zambrano struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Patton pitching for Cubs . An LaRoche singled to center . Jaramillo struck out swinging . Wilson grounded out to shortstop , An LaRoche to second . Young hit for Chavez . Young walked . Morgan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Soriano flied out to right . Theriot popped out to second . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Patton pitching for Cubs . Sanchez singled to right . McLouth flied out to left . Ad LaRoche grounded out to first , Sanchez to second . Moss grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Johnson flied out to center . Soto reached on infield single to third . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Hoffpauir struck out swinging . Freel walked , Soto to second . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Freel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 10 - Cubs 8 .	Sanchez 's 6 hits , Bucs rip Cubs