Mets - Top 1st . Snell pitching for Pirates . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . Martinez singled to right . Martinez stole second . Murphy grounded out to second , Martinez to third . Sheffield walked . Wright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Morgan singled to center . Morgan stole second . Sanchez grounded out to second , Morgan to third . McLouth struck out looking . Ad LaRoche flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Snell pitching for Pirates . Reed doubled to left . Valdez tripled to deep left center , Reed scored . Schneider singled to center , Valdez scored . Hernandez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Schneider out at second . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Hinske walked . An LaRoche grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hinske out at second . Jaramillo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Snell pitching for Pirates . Martinez walked . Martinez stole second , Martinez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Jaramillo . Murphy walked . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez scored , Murphy out at second . Wright flied out to left . Reed doubled to right , Sheffield to third . Valdez doubled to right , Sheffield and Reed scored . Schneider grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Wilson reached on infield single to pitcher . Snell sacrificed to pitcher , Wilson to second . Morgan struck out looking . Sanchez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Hernandez flied out to right . Castillo grounded out to first . Martinez walked . Murphy lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mets . McLouth struck out swinging . Ad LaRoche doubled to right . Hinske walked . An LaRoche tripled to deep right center , Ad LaRoche and Hinske scored . Jaramillo grounded out to first , An LaRoche scored . Wilson flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Sheffield flied out to center . Wright lined out to right . Reed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Snell struck out swinging . Morgan singled to left . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morgan out at second . McLouth flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Valdez grounded out to shortstop . Schneider walked . Hernandez sacrificed to pitcher , Schneider to second . Castillo lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Ad LaRoche singled to center . Hinske grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ad LaRoche out at second . An LaRoche struck out swinging . Jaramillo singled to right center , Hinske to second . Parnell pitching for Mets . Wilson reached on infield single to pitcher , Hinske to third , Jaramillo to second . Vazquez hit for Snell . Vazquez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Martinez grounded out to third . Murphy grounded out to third . Jackson pitching for Pirates . Sheffield grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Morgan struck out swinging . Sanchez lined out to shortstop . McLouth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Jackson pitching for Pirates . Wright walked . Reed grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Wright out at second . Valdez grounded out to catcher , Reed to second . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Schneider grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Ad LaRoche doubled to right center . Hinske grounded out to second , Ad LaRoche to third . Putz pitching for Mets . An LaRoche reached on infield single to second , Ad LaRoche scored . Jaramillo singled to center , An LaRoche to second . Wilson singled to center , An LaRoche scored , Jaramillo to second . Young hit for Gorzelanny . Young singled to center , Jaramillo scored , Wilson to third , Young to second advancing on throw . Morgan intentionally walked . Stokes pitching for Mets . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson scored , Young to third , Morgan safe at second on error by shortstop Valdez . McLouth hit sacrifice fly to center , Young scored , Morgan to third . Ad LaRoche grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Tatis hit for Stokes . Tatis singled to left . Castillo lined out to left . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tatis out at second . Murphy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 5 - Pirates 8 .	Pirates rally past Mets with 5 - run 8th inning