Pirates - Top 1st . Perkins pitching for Twins . McCutchen grounded out to third . Morgan grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Harris singled to center . Mauer singled to center , Harris to third . Morneau grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Harris scored , Mauer out at second . Crede struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Perkins pitching for Twins . Ad LaRoche struck out swinging . Monroe singled to right center . Young singled to center , Monroe to second . An LaRoche struck out swinging . Jaramillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Kubel singled to right . Cuddyer doubled to deep right center , Kubel thrown out at home , Cuddyer to third advancing on throw . Young singled to center , Cuddyer scored . Young to second on wild pitch by Maholm . Gomez popped out to second . Punto grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Perkins pitching for Twins . Wilson doubled to left . McCutchen struck out swinging . Morgan homered to right , Wilson scored . Sanchez grounded out to second . Ad LaRoche singled to center . Monroe fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Harris walked . Mauer singled to center , Harris to second . Morneau singled to center , Harris scored , Mauer to second . Crede singled to left , Mauer to third , Morneau to second . Kubel grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mauer scored , Crede out at second , Morneau to third . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Young struck out looking . An LaRoche flied out to left . Jaramillo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Young struck out swinging . Gomez singled to center . Punto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gomez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Wilson flied out to left . McCutchen doubled to left . Morgan walked . Sanchez singled to right , McCutchen to third , Morgan to second . Ad LaRoche grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Harris struck out swinging . Mauer singled to center . Morneau lined out to center . Crede doubled to center , Mauer scored . Kubel flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . Young flied out to center . An LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Cuddyer singled to left . Cuddyer to second on wild pitch by Maholm . Young singled to center , Cuddyer to third . Gomez singled to right , Cuddyer scored , Young to third . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Punto hit sacrifice fly to right , Young scored . Harris flied out to left . Gomez stole second . Mauer doubled to right , Gomez scored . Morneau walked . Crede grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Dickey pitching for Twins . Jaramillo struck out swinging . Wilson struck out swinging . McCutchen reached on infield single to third . Morgan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Meek pitching for Pirates . Kubel walked . Cuddyer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kubel out at second . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Dickey pitching for Twins . Sanchez flied out to center . Ad LaRoche flied out to left . Monroe struck out swinging , Monroe safe at on error by player player , Monroe to first on throwing error by catcher Mauer . Young doubled to left center , Monroe to third . An LaRoche out on batter 's interference to catcher . An LaRoche batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 8th . Meek pitching for Pirates . Gomez struck out swinging . Punto singled to center . Harris grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Punto out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Mijares pitching for Twins . Diaz hit for Jaramillo . Diaz singled to center . Wilson singled to center , Diaz to second . McCutchen flied out to right . Morgan struck out swinging . Sanchez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 2 - Twins 8 .	Perkins stymies Pirates as Mauer sparks Twins