Cardinals - Top 1st . Duke pitching for Pirates . Ryan struck out swinging . Lugo grounded out to second . Pujols doubled to deep right . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen flied out to center . Milledge grounded out to second . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Ludwick lined out to shortstop . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Greene flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Jones doubled to deep center . Pearce homered to left , Jones scored . Cedeno singled to center . Vazquez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cedeno out at second . Jaramillo singled to deep right . Duke grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jaramillo out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Rasmus grounded out to shortstop . Pineiro flied out to center . Ryan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen hit ground rule double to deep left center . Milledge reached on infield single to second , McCutchen to third . Young singled to right , McCutchen scored , Milledge to second . Jones struck out swinging . Pearce grounded into double play , third to first , Milledge out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Lugo singled to right . Pujols walked . Holliday hit sacrifice fly to center , Lugo scored . Ludwick popped out to second . Molina singled to center , Pujols to third . Molina picked off first . Greene batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Cedeno struck out swinging . Vazquez singled to left . Jaramillo grounded out to second , Vazquez to second . Duke grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Greene grounded out to third . Rasmus grounded out to second . Pineiro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . Milledge struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Ryan reached on infield single to shortstop . Lugo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ryan out at second . Pujols fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Jones struck out looking . Pearce struck out looking . Cedeno lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Holliday singled to right center . Holliday picked off and caught stealing second , Holliday safe at third on error by Pearce . Ludwick grounded out to third . Molina singled to right center , Holliday scored . Greene flied out to right . Rasmus flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Vazquez doubled to right . Jaramillo grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Vazquez out at third . Duke bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Jaramillo out at second . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . DeRosa hit for Pineiro . Duke pitching for Pirates . DeRosa singled to right . Ryan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeRosa out at second . Capps pitching for Pirates . Schumaker hit for Lugo . Schumaker homered to right center , Ryan scored . Pujols hit by pitch . Chavez pitching for Pirates . Holliday reached on infield single to third , Pujols to second . Pujols to third , Holliday to second on wild pitch by Chavez . Ludwick doubled to deep right , Pujols and Holliday scored . Molina grounded out to shortstop , Ludwick to third . Greene singled to right , Ludwick scored . Rasmus flied out to right . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Schumaker at second base . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Thurston at third base . Milledge singled to center . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Young singled to center , Milledge to second . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Young singled to center , Milledge to second . Jones struck out swinging . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Pearce flied out to right . Cedeno fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Meek pitching for Pirates . Thurston grounded out to first . Ryan struck out swinging . Schumaker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Vazquez safe at first on error by third baseman Thurston . Jaramillo grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Vazquez out at second . Moss hit for Meek . Moss grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Pirates 3 .	Pujols plunked as Cardinals sweep Pirates \n\n