Yankees - Top 1st. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Gardner grounded out to pitcher. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Judge walked. Gregorius fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Springer doubled to left. Reddick grounded out to second, Springer to third. Altuve hit sacrifice fly to center, Springer scored. Correa grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Headley grounded out to first. Romine struck out swinging. Torreyes reached on infield single to pitcher. Wade safe at first on error by first baseman Gurriel, Torreyes to second. Carter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Pineda pitching for Yankees. McCann grounded out to first. Beltrán struck out swinging. González singled to right. Gurriel lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Gardner doubled to right center. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Judge struck out swinging. Gregorius doubled to right, Gardner scored. Headley grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Bregman flied out to right. Springer flied out to center. Reddick popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Romine singled to deep right. Torreyes doubled to left, Romine to third. Wade struck out swinging. Carter struck out swinging. Romine out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Gardner batting. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Altuve singled to left. Correa singled to right center, Altuve to third, Correa to second on throwing error by right fielder Wade. McCann struck out swinging. Beltrán grounded out to second, Altuve scored, Correa to third. González singled to center, Correa scored. Gurriel popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Gardner grounded out to second. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Judge grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Bregman flied out to center. Springer singled to left center. Reddick flied out to center. Altuve singled to right, Springer to second. Correa grounded into fielder's choice to second, Altuve out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Gregorius reached on infield single to shortstop. Headley struck out swinging. Romine walked, Gregorius to second. Feliz pitching for Astros. Torreyes singled to shallow left, Gregorius scored, Romine to second. Wade struck out looking. Carter reached on infield single to shortstop, Romine scored, Torreyes to second. Gardner singled to right, Torreyes scored, Carter to second. Ellsbury singled to center, Carter scored, Gardner to second, Gardner to third, Ellsbury to second on error by center fielder Springer. Ellsbury to third on wild pitch by Feliz. Judge walked.  Gardner scores, Ellsbury to third on wild pitch. Guduan pitching for Astros. Gregorius popped out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 6th. Pineda pitching for Yankees. McCann struck out swinging. Beltrán grounded out to third. González grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Guduan pitching for Astros. Headley singled to left. Romine singled to center, Headley to second. Torreyes walked, Headley to third, Romine to second. Wade grounded into fielder's choice to first, Headley out at home, Romine to third, Torreyes to second. Hoyt pitching for Astros. Carter struck out swinging. Gardner homered to right (399 feet), Romine, Torreyes and Wade scored. Ellsbury struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Gurriel flied out to right. Bregman struck out swinging. Springer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Gregerson pitching for Astros. Judge struck out swinging. Gregorius grounded out to second. Headley walked. Romine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Reddick doubled to right center, Reddick to third on error by center fielder Ellsbury. Altuve grounded out to second, Reddick scored. Correa grounded out to first. McCann singled to left. Beltrán grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 9th. Aoki pitching for Astros. Torreyes walked. Wade walked, Torreyes to second. Carter doubled to deep left, Torreyes scored, Wade to third. Gardner hit sacrifice fly to right, Wade scored, Carter to third. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop, Carter scored. Judge flied out to center. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Refsnyder in left field. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. González grounded out to first. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. Bregman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 13 - Astros 4.	Gardner hits slam with 6 RBIs as Yankees down Astros 13-4