Astros - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Blue Jays. Springer struck out swinging. Altuve grounded out to pitcher. Correa singled to left. Beltrán struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Bautista walked. Martin lined out to center. Donaldson walked, Bautista to second. Smoak singled to right, Bautista to third, Donaldson to second. Morales struck out swinging. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Blue Jays. González homered to left (401 feet). McCann grounded out to first. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. Bregman singled to left. Bregman stole second. Marisnick grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Pearce grounded out to pitcher. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. Goins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Blue Jays. Springer struck out swinging. Altuve reached on infield single to second. Altuve caught stealing second, catcher to second. Correa walked. Beltrán grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Correa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Bautista grounded out to third. Martin singled to left center. Donaldson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Blue Jays. González grounded out to third. McCann grounded out to shortstop. Gurriel grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Smoak grounded out to first. Morales safe at first on error by third baseman Bregman. Morales to second on wild pitch by McCullers Jr.. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop, Morales to third. Pearce singled to center, Morales scored. Pillar hit ground rule double to deep right, Pearce to third. Goins grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Blue Jays. Bregman doubled to left. Marisnick flied out to center. Springer singled to center, Bregman to third. Altuve singled to right, Bregman scored, Springer to second. Correa grounded out to second, Springer to third, Altuve to second. Beltrán popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Bautista singled to left. Martin singled to left, Bautista to second. Bautista to third, Martin to second on passed ball by McCann. Donaldson singled to right, Bautista and Martin scored. Smoak struck out swinging. Morales doubled to deep right center, Donaldson scored. Tulowitzki singled to center, Morales scored. Feliz pitching for Astros. Pearce walked, Tulowitzki to second. Pillar grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Tulowitzki to third, Pearce safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Feliz. Goins doubled to deep center, Tulowitzki scored, Pearce tagged out at home, Pillar to third. Bautista struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 6th. Liriano pitching for Blue Jays. González struck out swinging. McCann reached on infield single to shortstop. Gurriel grounded into double play, third to second to first, McCann out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Aoki in left field. Díaz pitching for Astros. Martin homered to right (373 feet). Donaldson struck out looking. Smoak struck out swinging. Morales grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Liriano pitching for Blue Jays. Bregman hit ground rule double to deep left center. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Marisnick struck out swinging. Springer struck out swinging. Altuve singled to left, Bregman scored. Altuve stole second. Correa grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Diaz pitching for Astros. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Pearce flied out to center. Pillar singled to right center. Goins grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Carrera in left field. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Beltrán homered to right (391 feet). Aoki grounded out to second. McCann hit by pitch. Leone pitching for Blue Jays. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCann out at second. Bregman walked, Gurriel to second. Reddick hit for Marisnick. Beliveau pitching for Blue Jays. Reddick flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Springer in center field. Reddick in right field. Gregerson pitching for Astros. Bautista struck out swinging. Martin struck out swinging. Donaldson singled to left. Smoak grounded into fielder's choice to third, Donaldson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Osuna pitching for Blue Jays. Springer lined out to center. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Correa grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 4 - Blue Jays 7.	Martin, Donaldson lead Blue Jays past McCullers, Astros 7-4