Astros - Top 1st. Bundy pitching for Orioles. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Reddick struck out swinging. Gurriel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Jones singled to center. Machado walked, Jones to second. Schoop grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Machado out at second, Jones to third. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Bundy pitching for Orioles. Gattis flied out to right. González walked. McCann struck out swinging. Bregman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Davis singled to left. Mancini hit by pitch, Davis to second. Joseph walked, Davis to third, Mancini to second. Kim hit by pitch, Davis scored, Mancini to third, Joseph to second. Tejada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mancini scored, Kim out at second, Joseph to third. Jones singled to left, Joseph scored. Machado struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Bundy pitching for Orioles. Aoki hit ground rule double to deep right. Marisnick reached on bunt single to third, Aoki to third. Altuve homered to left (376 feet), Aoki and Marisnick scored. Reddick flied out to right. Gurriel flied out to center. Gattis flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Schoop singled to left. Trumbo grounded out to second, Schoop to second. Davis grounded out to second, Schoop to third. Mancini singled to right center, Schoop scored. Mancini to second on wild pitch by McCullers Jr.. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Bundy pitching for Orioles. González singled to center. McCann popped out to third. Bregman flied out to center. Aoki singled to center, González to third. Marisnick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Kim singled to shallow right. Tejada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kim out at second. Jones struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Bundy pitching for Orioles. Altuve doubled to deep right. Reddick grounded out to second, Altuve to third. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Altuve out at home. Gattis lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Machado struck out swinging. Schoop singled to left. Trumbo doubled to left, Schoop to third. Davis hit sacrifice fly to center, Schoop scored, Trumbo to third. Mancini doubled to deep left, Trumbo scored. Feliz pitching for Astros. Mancini to third on wild pitch by Feliz. Joseph walked. Kim popped out to catcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Bundy pitching for Orioles. González singled to left. McCann grounded out to first, González to second. Bregman walked. Aoki homered to right (356 feet), González and Bregman scored. Marisnick walked. Castro pitching for Orioles. Altuve singled to left, Marisnick to third. Reddick hit sacrifice fly to center, Marisnick scored. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Altuve out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Feliz pitching for Astros. Tejada walked. Jones singled to left, Tejada to second. Devenski pitching for Astros. Machado grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jones out at second, Tejada to third. Schoop grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Castro pitching for Orioles. Gattis grounded out to pitcher. González grounded out to first. Hart pitching for Orioles. McCann walked. Bregman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCann out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Trumbo homered to left (368 feet). Davis struck out swinging. Mancini flied out to right. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Givens pitching for Orioles. Aoki struck out swinging. Marisnick struck out swinging. Altuve singled to center. Altuve stole second. Reddick grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Gregerson pitching for Astros. Kim grounded out to second. Tejada doubled to left. Jones singled to center, Tejada to third. Machado hit sacrifice fly to left, Tejada scored, Jones to second. Schoop singled to center, Jones scored, Schoop to second on throwing error by center fielder Marisnick. Trumbo grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 9th. Rickard in right field. Britton pitching for Orioles. Gurriel struck out swinging. Gattis struck out swinging. González walked. Springer hit for McCann. Springer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, González out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 7 - Orioles 9.	Britton gets AL-record 55th consecutive save