Blue Jays - Top 1st. Peacock pitching for Astros. Bautista popped out to third. Martin grounded out to third. Donaldson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Valdez pitching for Blue Jays. Fisher grounded out to second. Bregman grounded out to pitcher. Reddick singled to left. Gurriel homered to center (400 feet), Reddick scored. González grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Smoak grounded out to shortstop. Morales flied out to left. Pearce walked. Carrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Valdez pitching for Blue Jays. Beltrán popped out to second. McCann grounded out to third. White flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Refsnyder flied out to center. Goins grounded out to shortstop. Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Valdez pitching for Blue Jays. Marisnick grounded out to shortstop. Fisher doubled to deep left center. Bregman grounded out to third, Fisher to third. Reddick walked. Gurriel singled to left, Fisher scored, Reddick to second. González grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Donaldson flied out to left. Smoak walked. Morales homered to center (410 feet), Smoak scored. Pearce flied out to right. Carrera reached on infield single to second. Carrera stole second. Refsnyder fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Valdez pitching for Blue Jays. Beltrán singled to right. McCann walked, Beltrán to second. White doubled to left, Beltrán scored, McCann to third. Marisnick struck out swinging. Dermody pitching for Blue Jays. Fisher grounded out to second, McCann scored, White to third. Bregman homered to right center (357 feet), White scored. Reddick singled to center. Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays. Gurriel walked, Reddick to second. González homered to right center (356 feet), Reddick and Gurriel scored. Beltrán doubled to center. McCann walked. White singled to right, Beltrán scored, McCann to second. Marisnick singled to left, McCann scored, White to second. Fisher walked, White to third, Marisnick to second. Bregman flied out to left. 9 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Goins singled to deep right. Bautista grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Goins out at second. Martin homered to center (398 feet). Donaldson flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Reddick singled to center. Reddick to second on wild pitch by Loup. Gurriel walked. González flied out to center. Beltrán grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gurriel out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Smoak struck out swinging. Morales doubled to deep right center. Pearce singled to right, Morales to third. Carrera doubled to deep left, Morales scored, Pearce to third. Refsnyder struck out swinging. Goins homered to center (389 feet), Pearce and Carrera scored. Bautista struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. McCann doubled to left. White homered to left center (385 feet), McCann scored. Marisnick flied out to center. Fisher grounded out to shortstop. Bregman walked. Reddick grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Musgrove pitching for Astros. Martin grounded out to second. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. Smoak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Barnes pitching for Blue Jays. Gurriel doubled to deep left. Gurriel to third on wild pitch by Barnes. González singled to center, Gurriel scored. Beltrán grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, González out at second. McCann grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Guduan pitching for Astros. Morales singled to right. Pearce grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Morales out at second. Carrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Aoki in right field. Lopez catching. Barney at third base. Howell pitching for Blue Jays. White homered to left center (409 feet). Marisnick grounded out to third. Fisher grounded out to first. Bregman grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Hoyt pitching for Astros. Refsnyder flied out to right. Goins lined out to right. Aoki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 7 - Astros 16.	Nine-run fourth propels Houston to 16-7 win over Toronto