Athletics - Top 1st. McHugh pitching for Astros. Joyce struck out swinging. Semien hit ground rule double to shallow left. Lowrie grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Semien out at third. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Springer reached on infield single to pitcher. Bregman walked, Springer to second. Altuve grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bregman out at second, Springer to third. Reddick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Healy struck out swinging. Olson walked. Chapman struck out looking. Maxwell lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Gurriel grounded out to third. González flied out to center. Beltrán struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Powell singled to left. Joyce grounded into double play, second to third to first, Powell out at second. Semien flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Centeno flied out to left. Fisher struck out looking. Springer doubled to deep left. Bregman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Lowrie singled to center. Davis lined into double play, pitcher to first, Lowrie out at first. Healy singled to right. Olson singled to right, Healy to second. Chapman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Altuve walked. Altuve stole second. Reddick walked. Gurriel singled to right, Altuve to third, Reddick to second. González singled to right, Altuve and Reddick scored, Gurriel to second. Beltrán flied out to left, Gurriel to third, González to second. Centeno lined out to right. Fisher flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Maxwell grounded out to shortstop. Powell grounded out to third. Joyce grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Springer flied out to center. Bregman doubled to left. Altuve singled to center, Bregman thrown out at home, Altuve to second advancing on throw. Reddick lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Semien reached on infield single to shortstop. Lowrie grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Semien out at second. Davis hit by pitch. Healy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Gurriel grounded out to third. González bunt grounded out to pitcher. Beltrán struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Liriano pitching for Astros. Olson grounded out to second. Chapman walked. Maxwell grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chapman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Coulombe pitching for Athletics. Centeno grounded out to pitcher. Fisher walked. Dull pitching for Athletics. Springer grounded into double play, third to second to first, Fisher out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Davis hit for Powell. Musgrove pitching for Astros. Davis walked. Joyce grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Davis out at second. Semien struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Davis in center field. Dull pitching for Athletics. Bregman homered to left (423 feet). Altuve singled to left. Reddick fouled out to third. Gurriel struck out swinging, Altuve caught stealing second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Clippard pitching for Astros. Lowrie safe at first on error by second baseman Altuve. Davis struck out looking. Healy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lowrie out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 0 - Astros 3.	McHugh throws 6 innings in Astros' 3-0 win over A's