Astros - Top 1st. Nolasco pitching for Angels. Springer walked. Bregman flied out to center. Altuve homered to left center (424 feet), Springer scored. Reddick singled to center. Gurriel walked, Reddick to second. McCann flied into double play, left to shortstop, Reddick doubled off second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 1st. Morton pitching for Astros. Revere struck out swinging. Trout grounded out to shortstop. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Angels. Gonz치lez lined out to second. Gattis popped out to second. Marisnick fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Morton pitching for Astros. Calhoun struck out looking. Simmons popped out to first. Valbuena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Angels. Springer grounded out to third. Bregman struck out looking. Altuve flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Morton pitching for Astros. Cron walked. Maldonado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cron out at second. Pennington hit by pitch. Revere grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Nolasco pitching for Angels. Reddick singled to left. Gurriel singled to center, Reddick to third. McCann singled to right, Reddick scored, Gurriel to second. Gonz치lez singled to right center, Gurriel scored, McCann to second. Gattis lined into double play, shortstop to second, McCann doubled off second. Marisnick struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Morton pitching for Astros. Trout grounded out to second. Pujols singled to deep center. Calhoun grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Nolasco pitching for Angels. Springer struck out swinging. Bregman flied out to center. Altuve flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Morton pitching for Astros. Simmons singled to right. Valbuena flied out to center. Cron singled to center, Simmons to second. Maldonado hit by pitch, Simmons to third, Cron to second. Pennington struck out swinging. Revere doubled to right, Simmons, Cron and Maldonado scored, Revere to third advancing on throw. Trout struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Nolasco pitching for Angels. Reddick grounded out to first. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. McCann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Musgrove pitching for Astros. Pujols singled to center. Calhoun struck out swinging. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pujols out at second. Valbuena homered to right (390 feet), Simmons scored. Cron struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Petit pitching for Angels. Gonz치lez grounded out to first. Gattis struck out swinging. Marisnick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Musgrove pitching for Astros. Maldonado hit by pitch. Pennington sacrificed to pitcher, Maldonado to second. Revere safe at second on error by left fielder Reddick, Maldonado to third. Trout intentionally walked. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Trout out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 8th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Springer struck out swinging. Bregman struck out swinging. Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop. Reddick singled to right, Altuve to third. Gurriel walked, Reddick to second. McCann tripled to deep center, Altuve, Reddick and Gurriel scored. Gonz치lez intentionally walked. Gattis flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Calhoun flied out to center. Simmons grounded out to third. Valbuena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Middleton pitching for Angels. Marisnick struck out swinging. Springer grounded out to third. Bregman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Giles pitching for Astros. Cron struck out swinging. Maybin hit for Maldonado. Maybin grounded out to pitcher. Pennington singled to left. Revere reached on infield single to third, Pennington to second. Trout walked, Pennington to third, Revere to second. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 7 - Angels 5.	McCann, Astros rally to beat Angels 7-5