Athletics - Top 1st . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Kotsay doubled to right . Byrnes singled to right center , Kotsay to third . Chavez homered to right , Kotsay and Byrnes scored . Dye singled to center . Karros lined out to third . Durazo flied out to left . Scutaro flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Suzuki struck out looking . Winn fouled out to first . Martinez doubled to deep left . Spiezio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Miller flied out to center . Menechino struck out swinging . Kotsay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Ibanez singled to right . Aurilia struck out swinging . Wilson struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center , Ibanez to second . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Byrnes popped out to second . Chavez walked . Dye struck out looking . Karros singled to left , Chavez to second . Durazo singled to right , Chavez scored , Karros to third . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Durazo out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Suzuki lined out to shortstop . Winn grounded out to third . Martinez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Miller flied out to right . Menechino struck out swinging . Kotsay hit by pitch . Byrnes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Spiezio singled to left center . Ibanez singled to right , Spiezio to second . Aurilia walked , Spiezio to third , Ibanez to second . Wilson hit sacrifice fly to right , Spiezio scored , Ibanez to third . Cabrera grounded out to second , Ibanez scored , Aurilia to second . Bloomquist lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Chavez walked . Dye singled to left , Chavez to third . Karros hit sacrifice fly to left , Chavez scored . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Durazo walked , Dye to second . Scutaro popped out to second . Miller grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Durazo out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Winn grounded out to third . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Menechino singled to right center . Kotsay lined out to second . Byrnes struck out swinging . Chavez walked , Menechino to second . Dye lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Spiezio flied out to left . Ibanez walked . Aurilia walked , Ibanez to second . Wilson lined into double play , to shortstop , Ibanez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Karros doubled to deep center . Durazo flied out to left . Scutaro struck out swinging . Miller singled to center , Karros scored on error by center fielder Winn . Villone pitching for Mariners . Menechino hit by pitch , Miller to second . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Kotsay popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Cabrera struck out swinging . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Byrnes singled to left center . Chavez struck out swinging . Byrnes stole second . Dye singled to center , Byrnes scored . Karros struck out looking . Durazo singled to right , Dye to second . Scutaro safe at first on error by first baseman Bloomquist , Dye scored , Durazo to second . Miller grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Winn grounded out to second . Martinez doubled to deep left center . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Spiezio lined into double play , third to second , Martinez doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Menechino walked . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Menechino out at second . Byrnes fouled out to catcher . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Ibanez grounded out to third . Aurilia grounded out to third . Wilson singled to center . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 8 - Mariners 2 .	A 's give Mulder leeway , split with Mariners