Mariners - Top 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Suzuki doubled to right center . Winn popped out to second . Spiezio singled to right , Suzuki to third . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to right , Suzuki scored . Ibanez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Meche pitching for Mariners . Jeter struck out swinging . Williams singled to left . Rodriguez doubled to deep left center , Williams to third . Sierra grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Williams out at home , Rodriguez to third . Sheffield walked , Sierra to second . Matsui walked , Rodriguez scored , Sierra to third , Sheffield to second . Clark walked , Sierra scored , Sheffield to third , Matsui to second . Villone pitching for Mariners . Flaherty walked , Sheffield scored , Matsui to third , Clark to second . Cairo flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Cabrera grounded out to second . Hansen doubled to deep right . Wilson singled to center , Hansen to third . Santiago grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Villone pitching for Mariners . Jeter flied out to right . Williams flied out to right . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Winn doubled to right . Winn to third on passed ball by Flaherty . Spiezio hit sacrifice fly to right , Winn scored . Martinez doubled to right . Ibanez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Villone pitching for Mariners . Sierra grounded out to third . Sheffield popped out to second . Matsui flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Cabrera singled to center . Hansen singled to center , Cabrera to third . Wilson singled to left , Cabrera scored , Hansen to second . Santiago sacrificed to first , Hansen to third , Wilson to second . Suzuki singled to right , Hansen scored , Wilson to third . Winn singled to right , Wilson scored , Suzuki to second . Spiezio lined into double play , to first , Winn doubled off first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Clark singled to center . Flaherty walked , Clark to second . Cairo sacrificed to pitcher , Clark to third , Flaherty to second . Jeter safe at first on error by pitcher Villone . Williams walked , Clark scored , Flaherty to third , Jeter to second . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to left , Flaherty scored . Sierra struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Martinez flied out to center . Ibanez lined out to left . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Sheffield singled to left . Matsui flied out to left . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Clark singled to right , Sheffield scored . Flaherty flied out to center . Cairo reached on infield single to catcher , Clark to second . Jeter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Hansen walked . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hansen out at second . Santiago grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wilson out at second . Suzuki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Williams walked . Rodriguez struck out looking . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Sierra grounded into double play , second to first , Williams out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Winn lined out to third . Spiezio flied out to center . Martinez singled to right . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Sheffield walked . Matsui doubled to deep right , Sheffield to third . Clark walked . Putz pitching for Mariners . Sheffield scored , Matsui to third , Clark to second on wild pitch by Putz . Giambi hit for Cairo . Flaherty bunt grounded out to pitcher . Giambi intentionally walked . Wilson ran for Giambi . Jeter struck out swinging . Williams doubled to deep right , Matsui and Clark scored , Wilson to third . Wilson at second base . White pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . White pitching for Yankees . Cabrera flied out to left . Hansen grounded out to shortstop . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Wilson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Sierra flied out to center . Sheffield struck out swinging . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . White pitching for Yankees . Santiago flied out to left . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Winn hit by pitch . Spiezio grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 5 - Yankees 9 .	Mussina wins 3rd straight for Yanks