Mariners - Top 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Winn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Villone pitching for Mariners . Infante flied out to center . Higginson popped out to second . Rodriguez singled to center . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Boone struck out looking . Jacobsen flied out to center . Ibanez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Villone pitching for Mariners . White popped out to shortstop . Monroe singled to left . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Monroe out at second . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Olivo grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Villone pitching for Mariners . Smith bunt grounded out to pitcher . Infante grounded out to pitcher . Higginson walked . Rodriguez walked , Higginson to second . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Suzuki reached on infield single to first . Winn sacrificed to pitcher , Suzuki to second . Martinez struck out looking . Boone grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Villone pitching for Mariners . White walked . Monroe singled to left , White to second . White to third , Monroe to second on passed ball by Olivo . Pena popped out to catcher . Inge singled to left , White scored , Monroe to third . Smith grounded out to shortstop , Monroe scored , Inge to second . Infante flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Jacobsen grounded out to third . Ibanez struck out swinging . Olivo doubled to deep center . Cabrera singled to left , Olivo scored . Lopez safe at first on error by third baseman Inge , Cabrera to third . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lopez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Higginson singled to right . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . White grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Winn homered to left . Martinez grounded out to second . Boone grounded out to third . Jacobsen grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Monroe homered to left . Pena singled to center . Inge tripled to deep center , Pena scored . Smith grounded out to second , Inge scored . Infante grounded out to shortstop . Higginson popped out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Ibanez reached on infield single to second . Olivo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ibanez out at second . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Atchison pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez popped out to first . Young struck out swinging . White reached on infield single to second . Logan ran for White . Monroe singled to left , Logan to second . Logan in center field . Monroe in left field . Yan pitching for Tigers . Pena grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Yan pitching for Tigers . Lopez struck out swinging . Suzuki reached on infield single to second , Suzuki to second . Winn grounded out to second , Suzuki to third . Martinez singled to left , Suzuki scored . Boone walked , Martinez to second . Bocachica ran for Martinez . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Jacobsen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Inge walked . Smith reached on infield single to pitcher , Inge to second . Infante sacrificed to third , Inge to third , Smith to second . Higginson doubled to right , Inge and Smith scored . Rodriguez doubled to left , Higginson scored . Young walked . Logan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at second , Rodriguez to third . Walker pitching for Tigers . Monroe fouled out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Ibanez struck out looking . Olivo struck out swinging . Cabrera doubled to center . Lopez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Tigers 8 .	Tigers , Monroe feast on juicy Mariner pitching