Athletics - Top 1st . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Kotsay singled to center . Byrnes struck out looking . Chavez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kotsay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Suzuki grounded out to second . Winn grounded out to first . Martinez walked . Ibanez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Hatteberg popped out to second . Dye flied out to left . Durazo hit ground rule double to deep center . Crosby grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Boone flied out to right . Dobbs popped out to third . Olivo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Miller popped out to second . Scutaro grounded out to pitcher . Kotsay flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Reed grounded out to second . Lopez lined out to left . Suzuki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Byrnes struck out looking . Chavez walked . Hatteberg grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Chavez out at second . Dye flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Winn grounded out to shortstop . Martinez struck out swinging . Ibanez singled to center . Boone singled to center , Ibanez to second . Dobbs singled to center , Ibanez scored , Boone to third . Olivo lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Durazo singled to center . Crosby hit by pitch , Durazo to second . Miller struck out swinging . Durazo to third , Crosby to second on wild pitch by Baek . Scutaro doubled to deep right , Durazo and Crosby scored . Kotsay flied out to right . Byrnes popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Reed grounded out to second . Lopez grounded out to third . Suzuki singled to left center . Winn singled to center , Suzuki to second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Winn out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Chavez homered to right . Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop . Dye doubled to deep center , Dye to third on error by center fielder Reed . Durazo intentionally walked . Atchison pitching for Mariners . Crosby walked , Durazo to second . Miller walked , Dye scored , Durazo to third , Crosby to second . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Durazo scored , Miller out at second , Crosby to third . Kotsay struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Ibanez singled to right center . Boone grounded out to shortstop , Ibanez to second . Dobbs grounded out to first , Ibanez to third . Olivo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Williams pitching for Mariners . Byrnes flied out to right . Chavez struck out swinging . Hatteberg popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Reed doubled to deep right . Lopez grounded out to third . Suzuki grounded out to second , Reed to third . Winn homered to right , Reed scored . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Martinez flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Dye lined out to right . Durazo singled to right . Crosby singled to left center , Durazo to second . Miller flied out to right , Durazo to third . Scutaro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Ibanez grounded out to second . Boone struck out looking . Kida pitching for Mariners . Dobbs popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Kida pitching for Mariners . Kotsay lined out to left . Byrnes reached on infield single to shortstop . Chavez singled to left , Byrnes to second . Hatteberg flied out to center , Byrnes to third . Dye singled to left center , Byrnes scored , Chavez to third . Taylor pitching for Mariners . Durazo singled to center , Chavez scored , Dye to second . Crosby walked , Dye to third , Durazo to second . Dotel pitching for Athletics . Miller flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Dotel pitching for Athletics . Olivo struck out looking . Reed walked . Reed to second on fielder 's indifference . Lopez singled to center , Reed scored . Suzuki struck out swinging . Cabrera hit for Martinez . Winn walked , Lopez to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lopez out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 7 - Mariners 4 .	Ichiro has hit , but A 's win