Mariners - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to third . Winn grounded out to first . Ibanez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Franklin pitching for Mariners . DaVanon flied out to center . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Pride ran for Guerrero . Guerrero hit by pitch . Anderson singled to center , Pride to third . Pride in left field . Guillen in right field . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Boone struck out looking . Cabrera singled to right center . Reed singled to left , Cabrera to second . Olivo struck out swinging . Dobbs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Erstad grounded out to shortstop . Molina singled to left . McPherson doubled to deep left center , Molina to third . Kennedy hit sacrifice fly to center , Molina scored . DaVanon flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Lopez popped out to third . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Winn hit by pitch . Ibanez singled to left , Winn to second . Boone struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Eckstein singled to center . Pride reached on infield single to first , Eckstein to second . Anderson grounded out to first , Eckstein to third , Pride to second . Guillen reached on infield single to third , Eckstein scored , Pride to third . Erstad grounded out to first , Pride scored , Guillen to second . Molina grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Cabrera struck out swinging . Reed reached on bunt single to third . Olivo fouled out to catcher . Dobbs grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reed out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . McPherson singled to right . Kennedy singled to right , McPherson to second . DaVanon popped out to shortstop . Eckstein flied out to left . Pride grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kennedy out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Lopez flied out to left . Figgins at second base . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Winn struck out looking , Suzuki stole second . Ibanez reached on infield single to shortstop , Suzuki to third . Boone reached on infield single to shortstop , Suzuki scored , Ibanez to second . Cabrera singled to left , Ibanez scored , Boone to second . Bocachica in center field . Reed in left field . Reed flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Anderson struck out looking . Guillen grounded out to third . Erstad singled to center . Molina singled to left , Erstad to second . McPherson singled to right , Erstad scored , Molina thrown out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Olivo grounded out to second . Dobbs singled to center . Lopez struck out swinging . Suzuki reached on infield single to third , Dobbs to second . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Bocachica fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Figgins walked . DaVanon sacrificed to pitcher , Figgins to second . Eckstein flied out to center . Pride reached on infield single to shortstop , Figgins to third . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Ibanez flied out to center . Boone grounded out to third . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Erstad flied out to center . DaVanon in right field . Amezaga at second base . Figgins in center field . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Molina fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Reed walked . Olivo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reed safe at second on error by second baseman Amezaga . Dobbs grounded out to pitcher , Reed to third , Olivo to second . Lopez struck out swinging . Suzuki intentionally walked . Williams pitching for Mariners . Bocachica grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Olivo out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Williams pitching for Mariners . McPherson walked . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Figgins walked , McPherson to second . DaVanon flied out to left , McPherson to third , Figgins to second . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McPherson out at home , Figgins to third . Figgins stole home , Eckstein stole second . Percival pitching for Angels . Anderson in center field . Figgins at third base . Seattle 's Olivo ejected by Bell in the 9th . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Percival pitching for Angels . Ibanez singled to left . Boone grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ibanez out at second . Cabrera singled to center . Cabrera to second on fielder 's indifference . Reed flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 2 - Angels 5 .	Dallas stars for Angels ; Ichiro sets singles mark