Mariners - Top 1st . Sele pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to center . Winn singled to left , Suzuki to second . Ibanez singled to right center , Suzuki to third , Winn to second . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki scored , Winn out at third , Ibanez to second . Cabrera singled to center , Ibanez to third , Boone to second . Reed flied out to left . Spiezio singled to center , Ibanez and Boone scored , Cabrera to second . Wilson grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Eckstein flied out to center . Guerrero popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Sele pitching for Angels . Lopez grounded out to third . Suzuki singled to left center . Winn flied out to right . Ibanez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Anderson singled to deep right . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson out at second . Glaus hit by pitch , Guillen to second . Galarraga singled to center , Guillen scored , Glaus to second . McPherson struck out swinging . Paul doubled to deep right center , Glaus scored , Galarraga to third . Figgins struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Sele pitching for Angels . Boone reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . Reed singled to center , Boone to second . Spiezio singled to left , Boone scored , Reed to second . Wilson singled to center , Reed scored , Spiezio to third . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Lopez flied out to left , Spiezio thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero tripled to deep right . Anderson grounded out to shortstop , Guerrero scored . Guillen flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Winn grounded out to second , Suzuki to second . Ibanez walked . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ibanez out at second , Suzuki to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . Galarraga singled to center . Galarraga out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . McPherson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Reed singled to center . Spiezio grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Reed out at second . Wilson struck out swinging , Spiezio stole second . Lopez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Paul flied out to right . Figgins struck out looking . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to left . Winn struck out swinging . Ibanez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Guerrero flied out to left . Anderson struck out swinging . Guillen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Boone doubled to deep center . Cabrera struck out swinging . Reed singled to right , Boone to third . Spiezio hit sacrifice fly to center , Boone scored . Wilson singled to left , Reed to second . Lopez fouled out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Glaus singled to left . Galarraga struck out swinging . McPherson struck out looking . Gregg pitching for Angels . Paul grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to left . Winn flied out to center . Ibanez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Figgins struck out swinging . Eckstein singled to center . Guerrero struck out swinging . Anderson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Boone homered to left . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Reed grounded out to first . Putz pitching for Mariners . Spiezio grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Guillen grounded out to third . Pride hit for Galarraga . Glaus walked . Pride struck out swinging . Glaus to second on fielder 's indifference . McPherson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 7 - Angels 3 .	14 hits to go : Ichiro 5 - for-5 as Mariners win