Mariners - Top 1st . Colon pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to center . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki out at second . Ibanez singled to left , Winn to second . Boone grounded out to shortstop , Winn to third , Ibanez to second . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Meche pitching for Mariners . Figgins flied out to center . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero singled to center . Anderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Colon pitching for Angels . Reed doubled to left . Spiezio flied out to right , Reed to third . Wilson walked . Santiago grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reed scored , Wilson out at second . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Guillen struck out swinging . Erstad flied out to left . Glaus homered to left . Molina lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Colon pitching for Angels . Winn lined out to left . Ibanez singled to right . Boone walked , Ibanez to second . Cabrera flied out to right . Ibanez caught stealing third , catcher to shortstop to third to shortstop . Reed batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Meche pitching for Mariners . McPherson grounded out to shortstop . Figgins flied out to center . Eckstein walked . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Eckstein out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Colon pitching for Angels . Reed reached on bunt single to first . Spiezio singled to center , Reed to second . Wilson singled to right , Reed scored , Spiezio to second . Santiago sacrificed to first , Spiezio to third , Wilson to second . Suzuki intentionally walked . Winn hit sacrifice fly to left , Spiezio scored , Wilson to third , Suzuki to second on throwing error by left fielder Guillen . Ibanez singled to center , Wilson and Suzuki scored . Boone doubled to deep center , Ibanez scored . Cabrera singled to center , Boone scored . Shields pitching for Angels . Reed grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 4th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Anderson grounded out to second . Guillen walked . Erstad reached on infield single to shortstop , Guillen to second . Glaus flied out to center , Guillen to third . Molina singled to center , Guillen scored , Erstad to second . McPherson struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Shields pitching for Angels . Spiezio walked . Wilson singled to right , Spiezio to second , Spiezio to third on error by right fielder Guerrero . Santiago singled to center , Spiezio scored , Wilson to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wilson out at third , Santiago to second . Winn struck out looking . Ibanez singled to center , Santiago scored , Suzuki to second . Boone struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 5th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Figgins lined out to center . Eckstein struck out looking . Guerrero homered to right . Gregg pitching for Angels . Anderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Cabrera singled to right . Reed singled to right , Cabrera to third . Spiezio grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reed to second . Wilson hit sacrifice fly to center , Cabrera scored . Santiago grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Spiezio out at second , Reed to third . Dunn pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to center , Reed scored , Santiago to second . Winn singled to left , Santiago to third , Suzuki to second . Ibanez singled to left center , Santiago and Suzuki scored , Winn to second . Boone flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Guillen singled to center . Erstad grounded out to second , Guillen to second . Glaus walked . Molina fouled out to first . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . McPherson homered to center , Guillen and Glaus scored . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Dunn pitching for Angels . Cabrera struck out swinging . Reed flied out to left . Spiezio singled to center . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Eckstein grounded out to second . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Anderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Dunn pitching for Angels . Santiago singled to right . Suzuki singled to right , Santiago to second . Santiago to third , Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Dunn . Winn doubled to right , Santiago and Suzuki scored . Lopez hit for Boone . Ibanez singled to right , Winn to third . Hensley pitching for Angels . Lopez walked , Ibanez to second . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right , Winn scored , Ibanez to third . Reed grounded out to pitcher , Lopez to second . Lopez at second base . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Spiezio struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Guillen popped out to shortstop . Erstad struck out swinging . Kotchman at first base . Pride in right field . DaVanon in center field . Amezaga at shortstop . Riggs at second base . Paul in left field . Molina catching . Glaus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Rivera hit for Santiago . Hensley pitching for Angels . Wilson grounded out to second . Rivera popped out to shortstop . Bloomquist ran for Suzuki . Bocachica hit for Winn . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Bocachica flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Taylor pitching for Mariners . DaVanon grounded out to third . McPherson struck out swinging . Kotchman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 16 - Angels 6 .	Ichiro ( 4 hits ) , Ibanez ( 6 ) , Mariners crush Angels