Rangers - Top 1st . Villone pitching for Mariners . Young walked . Blalock struck out swinging . Young struck out looking . Teixeira homered to left center , Young scored . Mench grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Drese pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to left . Winn singled to center , Suzuki to second . Martinez popped out to first . Ibanez singled to right , Suzuki to third , Winn to second . Boone grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ibanez out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Villone pitching for Mariners . Jordan struck out swinging . Allen grounded out to second . Nix struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Drese pitching for Rangers . Reed flied out to center . Dobbs flied out to left . Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Villone pitching for Mariners . Huckaby struck out swinging . Young lined out to left . Blalock flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Drese pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to center . Winn reached on infield single to second , Suzuki to third . Martinez singled to left , Suzuki scored , Winn to second . Ibanez doubled to deep right center , Winn scored , Martinez to third . Boone singled to shallow right , Martinez scored , Ibanez to third . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Reed singled to center , Ibanez scored , Boone to second . Dobbs singled to center , Boone scored , Reed to third . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Reed scored , Dobbs out at second . Lopez struck out looking . Suzuki flied out to center . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Young flied out to center . Teixeira flied out to left . Mench safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lopez . Jordan walked , Mench to second . Allen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jordan out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Winn singled to right . Martinez struck out swinging . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Winn out at second . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ibanez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Nix popped out to shortstop . Huckaby walked . Young lined out to third . Blalock reached on infield single to third , Huckaby to second , Huckaby to third , Blalock to second on throwing error by third baseman Dobbs . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Reed grounded out to first . Dobbs popped out to second . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Wilson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Teixeira flied out to center . Mench flied out to center . Jordan flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Lopez lined out to first . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Winn walked , Suzuki to second . Martinez struck out swinging , Suzuki stole third , Winn stole second . Suzuki scored on throwing error by catcher Huckaby . Ibanez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Allen flied out to right . Nix flied out to center . Huckaby flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Tejera pitching for Rangers . Boone singled to center . Reed struck out swinging . Dobbs reached on infield single to third , Boone to second . Wilson grounded out to second , Boone to third , Dobbs to second . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Young fouled out to catcher . Blalock singled to center . Young struck out looking . Teixeira singled to right , Blalock to third . Mench safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Hasegawa , Blalock scored , Teixeira to third . Jordan struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Hughes pitching for Rangers . Suzuki struck out looking . Winn struck out swinging . Martinez singled to center . Cabrera ran for Martinez . Ibanez singled to right , Cabrera to second . Boone singled to center , Cabrera scored , Ibanez to second . Putz pitching for Mariners . Reed struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Allen reached on infield single to second . Gonzalez hit for Huckaby . Bocachica in right field . Nix grounded into double play , third to second to first , Allen out at second . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 3 - Mariners 8 .	Ichiro breaks Sisler 's season record with 258th hit