Rangers - Top 1st. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Choo doubled to deep right. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. Calhoun grounded out to shortstop, Choo to third. Gallo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Gibson pitching for Rangers. Hampson grounded out to second. Story tripled to deep right. Blackmon grounded out to second. Arenado flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Solak struck out swinging. Odor flied out to left. Dietrich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Gibson pitching for Rangers. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Kemp walked. Tapia lined out to center. McMahon singled to right, Kemp to second. Wolters doubled to left, McMahon scored and Kemp scored. Hampson grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Trevino doubled to deep right. Choo singled to deep right, Trevino scored. Kiner-Falefa singled to right, Choo to second. Kiner-Falefa stole second, Choo stole third. Calhoun grounded into double play, third to catcher to third to third to second, Calhoun out at second, Kiner-Falefa to third, Choo out at home in rundown. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Gibson pitching for Rangers. Story doubled to deep right. Blackmon struck out swinging. Arenado grounded out to third, Story to third. Murphy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Gallo walked. Solak walked, Gallo to second. Odor flied out to left, Gallo to third. Dietrich grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Solak out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Gibson pitching for Rangers. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Tapia safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Odor. McMahon struck out swinging. Wolters bunt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 5th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Andrus reached on infield single to first. Trevino singled to right, Andrus to second. Choo singled to center, Andrus scored, Trevino to second. Kiner-Falefa grounded into fielder's choice to first, Choo out at second, Trevino to third. Calhoun lined out to third, Trevino scored on throwing error by third baseman Arenado, Kiner-Falefa safe at second on error. Gallo grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Gibson pitching for Rangers. Hampson grounded out to pitcher. Story doubled to deep left. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop, Story to third. Arenado grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Solak reached on infield single to third. Odor singled to right center, Solak to third. Dietrich grounded into fielder's choice to third, Odor to second, Solak out at home. Andrus grounded into double play, third to first, Odor out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Gibson pitching for Rangers. Murphy popped out to shortstop. Kemp lined out to first. Tapia lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Almonte pitching for Rockies. Trevino grounded out to third. Choo grounded out to first. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Gibson pitching for Rangers. McMahon flied out to left. Wolters singled to right. Hampson singled to left center, Wolters to second. Hernandez pitching for Rangers. Story grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hampson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Calhoun singled to center. Heineman ran for Calhoun. Gallo singled to right center, Heineman to second. Solak struck out looking. Gallo to second on wild pitch by Estévez, Heineman to third on wild pitch by Estévez. Odor fouled out to third. Dietrich homered to left (397 feet), Heineman scored and Gallo scored. Andrus singled to right. Trevino flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Heineman as designated hitter. Hernandez pitching for Rangers. Blackmon tripled to deep left center. Arenado hit sacrifice fly to right, Blackmon scored. Murphy singled to left. Kemp grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Murphy out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Harvey pitching for Rockies. Choo struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa lined out to left. Heineman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Montero pitching for Rangers. Tapia reached first base on catcher's interference, Tapia to first on error by catcher Trevino. McMahon doubled to deep left center, Tapia scored. Wolters struck out swinging. Hampson lined out to center. Story struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Rangers 6 - Rockies 4.	Gibson, Dietrich lead Rangers to a 6-4 win over Rockies