Rangers - Top 1st. Valdez pitching for Astros. Choo hit by pitch. Choo stole second. Kiner-Falefa reached on infield single to third, Choo scored on throwing error by pitcher Valdez, Kiner-Falefa to second. Kiner-Falefa to third on wild pitch by Valdez. Trevino struck out looking. Gallo walked. Solak singled to left, Kiner-Falefa scored, Gallo to third. Andrus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Solak out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Rangers. Springer struck out swinging. Altuve singled to right center. Brantley walked, Altuve to second. Gurriel fouled out to catcher. Tucker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Valdez pitching for Astros. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. Guzmán struck out looking. White grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Correa grounded out to shortstop. Reddick grounded out to first. Toro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Valdez pitching for Astros. Choo struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to pitcher. Trevino walked. Gallo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Garneau popped out to first. Springer walked. Altuve safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Kiner-Falefa, Springer to second. Brantley lined out to right, Springer to third. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Altuve out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 4th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Solak reached on infield single to shortstop. Andrus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Solak out at second. Taveras walked. Guzmán tripled to right, Taveras scored. White struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Tucker lined out to center. Correa fouled out to first. Reddick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Choo struck out looking. Kiner-Falefa singled to right center. Kiner-Falefa to second on wild pitch by Valdez. Trevino struck out swinging. Gallo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Toro fouled out to third. Garneau grounded out to second. Springer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Solak struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Taveras lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop. Brantley grounded out to pitcher, Altuve to second. Gurriel flied out to center. Tucker singled to right, Altuve to third. Correa reached on infield single to catcher, Altuve scored, Tucker to second. Reddick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Guzmán struck out swinging. White grounded out to shortstop. Choo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Toro reached on infield single to third. Garneau reached on infield single to first, Toro to second. Goody pitching for Rangers. Springer fouled out to catcher. Altuve struck out swinging. Brantley homered to right (360 feet), Toro scored and Garneau scored. Gurriel struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Paredes pitching for Astros. Kiner-Falefa reached on infield single to shortstop. Trevino walked, Kiner-Falefa to second. Gallo flied out to right. Solak grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Trevino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Rangers. Tucker flied out to right. Correa singled to left. Reddick grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Correa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Maldonado catching. Pressly pitching for Astros. Andrus homered to left (360 feet). Taveras struck out swinging. Guzmán reached on infield single to second. Rivera ran for Guzmán. Dietrich hit for White. Dietrich grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Dietrich out stretching at second, Rivera out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Rivera at first base. Heineman in left field. Hernandez pitching for Rangers. Toro singled to right. Maldonado sacrificed to pitcher, Toro to second. Springer grounded out to third. Altuve grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 10th. Taylor pitching for Astros. Choo grounded out to second, Heineman to third. Heineman scored on balk. Kiner-Falefa safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Correa. Trevino popped out to second. Kiner-Falefa scored on error, Gallo safe at first on throwing error by catcher Maldonado, Gallo safe at second on error. Scrubb pitching for Astros. Solak flied out to right. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Astros - Bottom 10th. Montero pitching for Rangers. Brantley singled to right center, Altuve scored. Straw ran for Brantley. Gurriel grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Straw out at second. Tucker flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - Astros 5.	Rangers score 2 runs in 10th to down Astros 6-5