Athletics - Top 1st. Allard pitching for Rangers. Semien flied out to right. La Stella singled to left. Piscotty flied out to right. Canha struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Taveras struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa walked. Solak struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Chris Bassitt pitches to Joey Gallo. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Allard pitching for Rangers. Olson singled to center. Davis walked, Olson to second. Laureano singled to right, Olson scored, Laureano to second, Davis to third. Murphy singled to center, Davis scored and Laureano scored. Machín walked, Murphy to second. Machín to second on passed ball by Huff, Murphy to third on passed ball by Huff. Semien singled to left, Murphy scored, Machín to third. Hearn pitching for Rangers. La Stella reached on infield single to second, Machín scored, Semien to second. Piscotty grounded into fielder's choice to third, La Stella to second, Semien safe at third on fielding error by third baseman Apostel. Canha struck out swinging. Olson walked, Semien scored, Piscotty to second, La Stella to third. Davis walked, La Stella scored, Olson to second, Piscotty to third. Laureano struck out swinging. Murphy struck out looking. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Gallo struck out swinging. Dietrich walked. Huff struck out swinging. Guzmán grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Farrell pitching for Rangers. Machín lined out to third. Semien struck out swinging. La Stella flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Apostel grounded out to second. White doubled to left. Taveras singled to center, White to third. Kiner-Falefa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Taveras out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Farrell pitching for Rangers. Piscotty fouled out to first. Canha walked. Olson popped out to first. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Solak flied out to left. Gallo hit ground rule double to deep right. Dietrich reached on infield single to third. Huff struck out swinging. Guzmán struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. King pitching for Rangers. Laureano grounded out to pitcher. Murphy singled to center. Machín walked, Murphy to second. Semien homered to left (380 feet), Murphy scored and Machín scored. La Stella grounded out to shortstop. Piscotty singled to left. Canha hit by pitch, Piscotty to second. Olson flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Apostel struck out swinging. White struck out swinging. Taveras singled to deep left. Kiner-Falefa reached on infield single to shortstop, Taveras out at third in rundown. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. García pitching for Rangers. Davis walked. Laureano grounded into fielder's choice to second, Davis out at second. Murphy safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Guzmán, Laureano safe at third on error. Machín grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Brown at first base. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Solak flied out to left. Gallo homered to right (392 feet). Dietrich lined out to first. Huff singled to center. Guzmán grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Martin pitching for Rangers. Semien struck out swinging. La Stella flied out to right. Piscotty grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Kemp at second base. La Stella at third base. Machín at shortstop. Petit pitching for Athletics. Apostel singled to deep left center. White flied out to right. Taveras struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa reached on infield single to second, Apostel to second. Solak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 10 - Rangers 1.	Rangers rough up rookie, beat A's 5-2 in doubleheader opener