Brewers - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Hart fouled out to first . Hardy struck out swinging . Braun singled to center . Fielder flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Eckstein walked . Ludwick lined out to third . Pujols lined out to right . Duncan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Hall flied out to right . Jenkins singled to center . Estrada reached on infield single to shortstop , Jenkins to second . Weeks struck out swinging . Gallardo popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Edmonds struck out swinging . Spiezio grounded out to second . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Hart walked . Hardy singled to center , Hart to third . Braun singled to left , Hart scored , Hardy to second . Fielder struck out looking . Hall struck out looking . Jenkins reached on infield single to first , Hardy to third , Braun to second . Estrada singled to center , Hardy and Braun scored , Jenkins to third . Weeks grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Estrada out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Kennedy struck out swinging . Wells struck out swinging . Eckstein struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Gallardo struck out looking . Hart grounded out to third . Hardy singled to left . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Ludwick flied out to left . Pujols safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Weeks . Duncan struck out looking . Edmonds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Fielder singled to center . Hall singled to left , Fielder to second . Jenkins struck out looking . Estrada flied out to right , Fielder to third . Weeks intentionally walked , Hall to second . Gallardo singled to center , Fielder and Hall scored , Weeks to second , Weeks to third on throwing error by center fielder Edmonds . Hart grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Spiezio doubled to right . Molina walked . Kennedy singled to right , Spiezio to third , Molina to second . Encarnacion hit for Wells . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Spiezio scored , Kennedy out at second , Molina to third . Eckstein doubled to left , Molina scored , Encarnacion to third . Encarnacion scored , Eckstein to third on passed ball by Estrada . Ludwick grounded out to shortstop , Eckstein scored . Pujols singled to center . Duncan struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Hardy lined out to left . Braun flied out to center . Fielder flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Shouse pitching for Brewers . Edmonds grounded out to second . Spiezio hit by pitch . Molina grounded out to pitcher , Spiezio to second . Kennedy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Rolen at third base . Hall struck out swinging . Jenkins singled to center . Estrada singled to left , Jenkins to second . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Weeks flied out to right , Jenkins to third . Mench hit for Shouse . Mench popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Linebrink pitching for Brewers . Rolen flied out to center . Eckstein singled to left . Ludwick singled to center , Eckstein to second . Eckstein to third , Ludwick to second on wild pitch by Linebrink . Pujols intentionally walked . Duncan struck out swinging . Edmonds flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Hart struck out swinging . Hardy singled to center . Braun grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hardy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Turnbow pitching for Brewers . Schumaker hit for Franklin . Schumaker singled to left . Molina singled to center , Schumaker to third . Kennedy struck out swinging . Rolen singled to center , Schumaker scored , Molina to second . Eckstein singled to left , Molina to third , Rolen to second . Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Ludwick walked , Molina scored , Rolen to third , Eckstein to second . Pujols doubled to deep left , Rolen , Eckstein and Ludwick scored , Pujols out at third . Duncan grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi in left field . Schumaker in right field . Fielder grounded out to second . Hall lined out to left . Jenkins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 5 - Cardinals 9 .	Cardinals rally from five down to defeat Brewers