Reds - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Hamilton grounded out to shortstop . Keppinger walked . Griffey Jr grounded out to first , Keppinger to second . Phillips struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Ramirez pitching for Reds . Weeks singled to left center . Gross popped into double play , third to first , Weeks doubled off first . Fielder flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Dunn walked . Hatteberg grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dunn out at second . Valentin singled to deep center . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Reds . Braun popped out to second . Jenkins grounded out to first . Hall flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Ramirez flied out to left . Hamilton grounded out to second . Keppinger singled to right . Griffey Jr walked , Keppinger to second . Phillips struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Ramirez pitching for Reds . Estrada singled to left . Hardy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Estrada out at second . Vargas singled to center . Weeks reached on infield single to second , Vargas to second . Gross homered to center , Vargas and Weeks scored . Fielder struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Dunn singled to right . Hatteberg walked , Dunn to second . Valentin lined into double play , to shortstop , Dunn doubled off second . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Ramirez pitching for Reds . Braun grounded out to shortstop . Jenkins flied out to left . Hall popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Ramirez flied out to center . Hamilton doubled to deep left center . Keppinger flied out to right , Hamilton to third . Griffey Jr flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Ramirez pitching for Reds . Estrada popped out to third . Hardy flied out to center . Vargas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Phillips singled to right . Phillips stole second . Dunn struck out swinging . Hatteberg flied out to center . Valentin singled to left center , Phillips scored . Encarnacion singled to left center , Valentin to second . Bellhorn hit for Ramirez . Bellhorn walked , Valentin to third , Encarnacion to second . Shouse pitching for Brewers . Hamilton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Stanton pitching for Reds . Weeks flied out to left . Hart hit for Gross . Hart doubled to deep right center . Fielder struck out looking . Braun intentionally walked . Jenkins homered to center , Hart and Braun scored . Hall singled to right . Estrada popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Hart in right field . Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Keppinger walked . Griffey Jr singled to right , Keppinger to second . Phillips singled to center , Keppinger to third , Griffey Jr to second . Dunn grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Keppinger scored , Phillips out at second , Griffey Jr to third . Hatteberg singled to right , Griffey Jr scored . Valentin flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Majewski pitching for Reds . Hardy flied out to center . Dillon hit for Villanueva . Dillon grounded out to shortstop . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Turnbow pitching for Brewers . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Hopper hit for Majewski . Hopper struck out swinging . Hamilton walked . Keppinger flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Guardado pitching for Reds . Hart doubled to deep center . Fielder doubled to deep right , Hart scored . Braun singled to center , Fielder scored , Braun to second on error by center fielder Hamilton . Jenkins struck out swinging . Hall singled to left , Braun to third . Estrada lined out to second . Hardy flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Brewers . Counsell at third base . Griffey Jr flied out to center . Phillips singled to left . Dunn walked , Phillips to second . Hatteberg grounded out to second , Phillips to third , Dunn to second . Valentin singled to left , Phillips scored , Dunn to third . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Valentin out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 4 - Brewers 8 .	Brewers use longball to defeat Reds , stop skid\r\n