Orioles - Top 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Pirates . Markakis singled to center . Markakis stole second . Machado flied out to right . Jones flied out to center , Markakis to third . Davis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Harrison walked . Walker popped out to shortstop . McCutchen doubled to deep right , Harrison scored . Alvarez singled to center , McCutchen to third . Marte tripled to right , McCutchen and Alvarez scored . Davis singled to right , Marte scored . Mercer struck out swinging . Sanchez walked , Davis to second . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Pirates . Cruz homered to left ( 401 feet ) . Hardy doubled to left . Schoop reached on infield single to third , Hardy to third . Joseph popped out to second . Tillman sacrificed to catcher , Schoop to second , Tillman safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Rodriguez . Markakis hit sacrifice fly to center , Hardy scored , Schoop to third . Machado doubled to deep right , Schoop scored , Tillman to third . Jones walked . Davis reached on infield single to third , Tillman scored , Machado to third , Jones to second . Cruz doubled to shortstop , Machado and Jones scored , Davis to third . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Hardy struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Harrison walked . Walker doubled to right , Harrison scored . McCutchen singled to center , Walker to third . Alvarez singled to center , Walker scored , McCutchen to second . Brach pitching for Orioles . Marte reached on bunt single to pitcher , McCutchen to third , Alvarez to second . Davis singled to left , McCutchen scored , Alvarez to third , Marte to second . Mercer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Alvarez scored , Davis out at second , Marte to third . Sanchez grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 3rd . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Schoop flied out to right . Joseph walked . Brach sacrificed to first , Joseph to second . Markakis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Brach pitching for Orioles . Mazzaro grounded out to third . Harrison fouled out to first . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Machado flied out to right . Jones grounded out to second . Davis walked . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Brach pitching for Orioles . McCutchen struck out swinging . Alvarez grounded out to second . Marte grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Hardy struck out swinging . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . Joseph grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Brach pitching for Orioles . Davis popped out to third . Mercer struck out swinging . Sanchez walked . Tabata hit for Mazzaro . Tabata struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Young hit for Brach . Young popped out to first . Markakis reached on infield single to third . Machado struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Harrison flied out to left . Walker struck out swinging . McCutchen doubled to deep left center . Alvarez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Davis doubled to left . Morris pitching for Pirates . Cruz singled to left , Davis to third . Hardy singled to shallow left , Davis scored , Cruz to second . Schoop sacrificed to third , Cruz to third , Hardy to second . Clevenger hit for Joseph . Clevenger intentionally walked . Pearce hit for Matusz . Pearce singled to right , Cruz scored , Hardy thrown out at home , Clevenger to second , Clevenger to third advancing on throw . Markakis walked , Pearce to second . Machado struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Clevenger catching . Webb pitching for Orioles . Marte reached on bunt single to second . Davis singled to left , Marte to third . Mercer flied out to right . Sanchez singled to right , Marte scored , Davis to second . Snider hit for Morris . Snider grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Sanchez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Jones struck out swinging . Davis hit by pitch . Cruz struck out looking . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Webb pitching for Orioles . Harrison flied out to left . Walker grounded out to second . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Schoop flied out to right . Clevenger struck out swinging . Lough hit for Webb . Lough struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 8 - Pirates 9 .	Pirates hold off Orioles 9 - 8