Orioles - Top 1st . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Markakis grounded out to second . Machado struck out looking . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Choo walked . Andrus doubled to center , Choo to third . Moreland singled to shallow left center , Choo and Andrus scored . Beltre singled to right , Moreland to second . Rios struck out swinging . Gimenez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Beltre out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Davis popped out to third . Hardy doubled to shallow left . Schoop grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Martin singled to right . Choice homered to left center ( 407 feet ) , Martin scored . Odor walked . Choo walked , Odor to second . Andrus singled to left , Odor scored , Choo to second . Brach pitching for Orioles . Moreland grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Andrus out at second , Choo to third . Beltre grounded into double play , third to second to first , Moreland out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Lough doubled to right . Joseph flied out to right , Lough to third . Markakis homered to right ( 371 feet ) , Lough scored . Machado walked . Cruz struck out swinging . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Machado out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Brach pitching for Orioles . Rios struck out swinging . Gimenez singled to shallow left . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gimenez out at second . Martin stole second . Martin caught stealing third , catcher to third . Choice batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Davis singled to right . Hardy popped out to second . Schoop popped out to shortstop . Lough popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Brach pitching for Orioles . Choice safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Hardy . Odor grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Choice out at second . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 5th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Joseph walked . Markakis flied out to center . Machado singled to right , Joseph to third . Cruz struck out swinging , Machado stole second . Jones doubled to left center , Joseph and Machado scored . Davis singled to shallow right , Jones scored . Hardy flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Brach pitching for Orioles . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Moreland walked . Webb pitching for Orioles . Beltre grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Moreland out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Rangers . Schoop struck out swinging . Lough struck out swinging . Joseph grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Orioles . Rios singled to right . Gimenez struck out swinging , Rios stole second . Martin popped out to shortstop . Choice grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Rangers . Markakis flied out to center . Machado lined out to shortstop . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Odor reached on infield single to shortstop , Odor to second on throwing error by shortstop Hardy . Choo grounded out to second , Odor to third . Andrus safe at first on error by shortstop Hardy , Odor scored . Moreland grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Andrus out at second . Guilmet pitching for Orioles . Beltre singled to center , Moreland to second . Rios singled to center , Moreland scored , Beltre to second . Gimenez singled to center , Beltre scored , Rios to second . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gimenez out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Jones homered to right ( 384 feet ) . Davis grounded out to second . Hardy walked . Schoop grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hardy out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Choice doubled to deep right . Robertson ran for Choice . Odor walked . Choo grounded out to second , Robertson to third , Odor to second . Andrus lined out to right . Moreland grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Soria pitching for Rangers . Lough grounded out to third . Pearce hit for Joseph . Pearce struck out swinging . Markakis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 6 - Rangers 8 .	Rangers avoid sweep with 8 - 6 win over Orioles