Orioles - Top 1st . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Markakis grounded out to third . De Aza flied out to center . Jones struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Betts singled to center . Pedroia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Betts out at second . Ortiz walked . Cespedes singled to center , Ortiz to second . Napoli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop . Davis singled to right center , Cruz to third . Pearce singled to center , Cruz scored , Davis to second . Joseph struck out looking . Flaherty grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pearce out at second , Davis to third . Schoop grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Nava grounded out to first . Bogaerts lined out to left . Middlebrooks singled to center . Ross struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Markakis popped out to second . De Aza reached on bunt single to third . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , De Aza out at second . Cruz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Betts grounded out to second . Pedroia fouled out to third . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Davis struck out looking . Pearce grounded out to third . Joseph walked . Flaherty grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Cespedes walked . Napoli grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cespedes out at second . Nava flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Schoop grounded out to second . Markakis walked . De Aza grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Markakis out at second . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Bogaerts flied out to left . Middlebrooks struck out swinging . Ross lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Cruz walked . Davis hit by pitch , Cruz to second . Pearce singled to right , Cruz to third , Davis to second . Joseph struck out looking . Flaherty grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cruz scored , Pearce out at second , Davis to third , Davis scored , Flaherty to second on throwing error by shortstop Bogaerts . Schoop struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Betts walked . Pedroia grounded into double play , third to second to first , Betts out at second . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Markakis hit by pitch . De Aza grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Markakis out at second . De Aza stole second , De Aza safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ross . Jones hit sacrifice fly to center , De Aza scored , Jones to first on error by left fielder Cespedes . Cruz singled to center , Jones to second . Layne pitching for Red Sox . Davis grounded out to first , Jones to third , Cruz to second . Wilson pitching for Red Sox . Pearce struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Cespedes flied out to center . Napoli singled to center . Nava singled to right , Napoli to second . Bogaerts singled to left , Napoli to third , Nava to second . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Middlebrooks struck out swinging . Ross struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Wilson pitching for Red Sox . Joseph flied out to left . Flaherty doubled to deep right . Schoop fouled out to catcher . Markakis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Betts flied out to center . Pedroia struck out swinging . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Ortiz doubled to deep right . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Cespedes safe at first on error by third baseman Davis , Ortiz to third . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 9th . Wilson pitching for Red Sox . De Aza walked . Jones fouled out to catcher . Cruz struck out swinging . De Aza caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Davis at first base . Johnson at third base . Webb pitching for Orioles . Nava grounded out to first . Bogaerts popped out to first . Middlebrooks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 4 - Red Sox 0 .	O 's nab largest East lead since ' 79