Reds - Top 1st. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Senzel struck out looking. Castellanos singled to left. Naquin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castellanos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Hoffman pitching for Reds. Tapia walked. Joe singled to shallow left center, Tapia to second. Story struck out swinging. McMahon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Joe out at second, Tapia to third. McMahon stole second. Hampson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Suárez doubled to deep right center. Stephenson grounded out to second, Suárez to third. Akiyama reached on infield single to shortstop, Suárez scored. Farmer flied out to center. Akiyama caught stealing second, catcher to second. Antonio Senzatela pitches to Jonathan India. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Hoffman pitching for Reds. Fuentes singled to center. Daza lined out to right. Nuñez flied out to left. Senzatela struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. India grounded out to second. Hoffman lined out to right. Senzel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Hoffman pitching for Reds. Tapia lined out to shortstop. Joe grounded out to second. Story struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Castellanos walked. Naquin struck out swinging. Suárez hit by pitch, Castellanos to second. Stephenson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Suárez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Hoffman pitching for Reds. McMahon doubled to deep center. Hampson walked. Fuentes doubled to deep left, Hampson scored and McMahon scored. Daza struck out swinging. Nuñez walked. Senzatela sacrificed, Fuentes, Senzatela to second, Nuñez safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Hoffman. Tapia hit sacrifice fly to center, Nuñez scored. Senzatela scored on error, Joe safe at first on fielding error by center fielder Naquin, Joe safe at second on error. Story struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Akiyama singled to left. Akiyama to second on wild pitch by Senzatela. Farmer grounded out to shortstop. India grounded out to third. Blandino hit for Hoffman. Blandino hit by pitch. Senzel flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Hendrix pitching for Reds. McMahon lined out to center. Hampson lined out to center. Fuentes singled to center. Daza singled to center, Fuentes scored on throwing error by left fielder Akiyama, Daza to second. Nuñez intentionally walked. Senzatela flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 6th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Castellanos flied out to second. Naquin struck out swinging. Suárez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Garrett pitching for Reds. Tapia struck out swinging. Joe grounded out to second. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Stephenson lined out to right. Akiyama flied out to center. Farmer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Warren pitching for Reds. Barnhart at first base. McMahon popped out to third. Hampson popped out to first. Fuentes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Almonte pitching for Rockies. India walked. Barnhart singled to center, India to second. Senzel lined out to right. Castellanos walked, Barnhart to second, India to third. Lawrence pitching for Rockies. Naquin singled to center, Barnhart scored and India scored, Castellanos to third. Suárez hit sacrifice fly to center, Castellanos scored. Stephenson singled to shallow right, Naquin to second. Akiyama singled to center, Naquin scored, Stephenson to second. Winker hit for Warren. Kinley pitching for Rockies. Winker flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Doolittle pitching for Reds. Daza singled to shallow center. Nuñez struck out looking. Blackmon hit for Kinley. Blackmon struck out swinging. Daza stole second. Tapia lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Givens pitching for Rockies. India hit by pitch. Barnhart grounded into fielder's choice to first, India out at second. Senzel singled to center, Barnhart to second. Castellanos fouled out to right, Senzel to second, Barnhart to third. Naquin walked. Barnhart scored, Naquin to second on passed ball by Nuñez, Senzel to third on passed ball by Nuñez. Suárez walked. Sheffield pitching for Rockies. Senzel scored, Suárez to second, Naquin to third on wild pitch by Sheffield. Stephenson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Antone pitching for Reds. Joe doubled to deep left. Story popped out to shortstop. McMahon singled to center, Joe to third. Hampson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McMahon out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 7 - Rockies 6.	Nunez passed ball, Sheffield wild pitch gift Reds 7-6 win