Giants - Top 1st. Mahle pitching for Reds. Yastrzemski flied out to left. Ruf doubled to deep left. Crawford struck out swinging. Longoria singled to center, Ruf scored. Dickerson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Cueto pitching for Giants. Winker walked. Castellanos singled to left, Winker to second. Stephenson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Castellanos out at second, Winker to third. Naquin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Mahle pitching for Reds. Dubón grounded out to pitcher. Duggar grounded out to pitcher. Casali singled to center. Cueto grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Suárez grounded out to third. Farmer fouled out to catcher. India singled to left. India picked off first. Johnny Cueto pitches to Alex Blandino. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Mahle pitching for Reds. Yastrzemski walked. Ruf singled to left, Yastrzemski to second. Crawford singled to right center, Yastrzemski scored, Ruf to third. Longoria walked, Crawford to second. Dickerson singled to right, Ruf scored, Longoria to second, Crawford to third. Dubón singled to right, Crawford scored, Dickerson to second, Longoria to third. Feliz pitching for Reds. Duggar homered to center (427 feet), Longoria scored, Dickerson scored and Dubón scored. Casali struck out swinging. Cueto struck out swinging. Yastrzemski walked. Hendrix pitching for Reds. Ruf homered to right (372 feet), Yastrzemski scored. Crawford struck out swinging. 9 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Blandino doubled to deep right. Hendrix grounded out to third. Winker grounded out to second, Blandino to third. Castellanos singled to center, Blandino scored. Stephenson doubled to deep left center, Castellanos to third. Naquin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Hendrix pitching for Reds. Longoria singled to right. Dickerson lined into double play, second to first, Longoria doubled off first. Dubón struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Suárez lined out to left. Farmer struck out swinging. India flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Hembree pitching for Reds. Duggar singled to left. Casali hit by pitch, Duggar to second. Cueto struck out swinging. Yastrzemski walked, Casali to second, Duggar to third. Duggar scored, Casali to third, Yastrzemski to second on passed ball by Stephenson. Ruf lined out to third. Crawford homered to right (377 feet), Casali scored and Yastrzemski scored. Longoria flied out to left. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Blandino struck out swinging. Akiyama hit for Hembree. Akiyama flied out to left. Winker lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Fulmer pitching for Reds. Payton in right field. Akiyama in left field. Dickerson flied out to center. Dubón popped out to second. Duggar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Selman pitching for Giants. Payton struck out looking. Stephenson grounded out to third. Naquin fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Fulmer pitching for Reds. Casali hit by pitch. Slater hit for Selman. Slater struck out swinging. Yastrzemski flied out to right. Ruf doubled to deep right, Casali to third. Crawford singled to center, Casali scored and Ruf scored. Longoria homered to right center (403 feet), Crawford scored. Dickerson grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Doval pitching for Giants. Slater in right field. Suárez walked. Farmer singled to left, Suárez to second. India struck out swinging. Blandino struck out looking. Akiyama safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Crawford, Farmer to second, Suárez to third. Schrock hit for Fulmer. Suárez scored, Farmer to third, Akiyama to second on wild pitch by Doval. Schrock struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 8th. Schrock at first base. Alex Blandino pitching for Reds. Dubón singled to left. Duggar flied out to left. Casali struck out swinging. Slater grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Álvarez pitching for Giants. Payton singled to center. Stephenson flied out to right. Naquin struck out swinging. Suárez homered to left (393 feet), Payton scored. Farmer singled to center. India flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Blandino pitching for Reds. Álvarez walked. Ruf walked, Álvarez to second. Crawford flied out to right. Max Schrock pitching for Reds. Blandino at first base. Álvarez scored on error, Longoria safe at first on fielding error by right fielder Payton, Longoria safe at second on error, Ruf safe at third on error. Dickerson fouled out to third. Dubón flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 9th. Wisler pitching for Giants. Blandino struck out swinging. Akiyama struck out looking. Schrock singled to deep left center. Payton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 19 - Reds 4.	Duggar slam, Crawford 6 RBIs, Giants rout Reds 19-4 & sweep