Rockies - Top 1st. Miley pitching for Reds. Hampson singled to right center. Rodgers struck out swinging. Story flied out to center. Cron grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Marquez pitching for Rockies. India walked. Winker flied out to center. Castellanos doubled to left, India scored. Naquin singled to right, Castellanos to third. Votto struck out swinging. Suárez singled to left, Castellanos scored, Naquin to second. Barnhart grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Miley pitching for Reds. Daza singled to right. Fuentes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Daza scored on fielding error by third baseman Suárez, Fuentes second. Joe singled to left center, Fuentes scored. Díaz doubled to left, Joe scored. Márquez bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Díaz out at third. Hampson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Márquez out at second. Rodgers grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hampson out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Farmer grounded out to third. Miley singled to left. India struck out swinging. Winker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Miley pitching for Reds. Story grounded out to shortstop. Cron singled to right. Daza grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cron out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Castellanos singled to right center. Naquin singled to center, Naquin to second, Castellanos to third. Votto singled to right center, Castellanos scored and Naquin scored. Suárez hit by pitch, Votto to second. Barnhart grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Suárez out at second, Votto to third. Farmer struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Miley pitching for Reds. Fuentes flied out to right. Joe grounded out to shortstop. Díaz lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Miley singled to left. India grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Miley out at second. Winker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Miley pitching for Reds. Márquez singled to right center. Márquez picked off first. Hampson flied out to left. Rodgers walked. Story grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Castellanos struck out swinging. Naquin grounded out to first. Votto singled to right. Suárez singled to right, Votto to second. Barnhart doubled to deep left center, Suárez scored and Votto scored. Farmer singled to right, Barnhart scored, Farmer out stretching at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Miley pitching for Reds. Cron struck out swinging. Daza grounded out to first. Fuentes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Miley walked. India grounded into fielder's choice to first, India second, Miley to second, Miley safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Márquez. Kinley pitching for Rockies. Winker hit by pitch. Castellanos struck out looking. Naquin singled to right center, India scored and Miley scored, Winker to second. Votto popped out to shortstop. Suárez fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 7th. Miley pitching for Reds. Joe lined out to shortstop. Díaz flied out to center. McMahon hit for Kinley. McMahon flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Bowden pitching for Rockies. Barnhart grounded out to first. Farmer fouled out to first. Heineman hit for Miley. Heineman walked. India doubled to deep right center, Heineman scored. Winker walked. Castellanos flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Brach pitching for Reds. Heineman in left field. Hampson struck out swinging. Rodgers struck out swinging. Story walked. Story to second on fielder's indifference. Cron popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Chacín pitching for Rockies. Naquin grounded out to third. Votto struck out swinging. Freeman hit for Suárez. Freeman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Doolittle pitching for Reds. Freeman at third base. Daza doubled to deep right center. Fuentes flied out to left. Joe flied out to left. Díaz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 3 - Reds 10.	Miley, Votto propel Reds past slumping Rockies 10-3