Phillies - Top 1st. Miley pitching for Reds. Herrera doubled to right. Hoskins fouled out to right, Herrera to third. McCutchen walked. Harper grounded into fielder's choice to first, McCutchen to second, Herrera out at home. Bohm grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Howard pitching for Phillies. India flied out to right. Winker flied out to right. Castellanos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Miley pitching for Reds. Williams grounded out to third. Torreyes grounded out to third. Knapp doubled to deep left. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Howard pitching for Phillies. Votto popped out to shortstop. Akiyama grounded out to pitcher. Suárez singled to center. Barnhart singled to right center, Suárez to second. Freeman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Miley pitching for Reds. Herrera bunt grounded out to catcher. Hoskins struck out swinging. McCutchen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Howard pitching for Phillies. Miley walked. India lined out to center. Winker doubled to deep right center, Miley to third. Castellanos singled to center, Miley scored and Winker scored. Falter pitching for Phillies. Votto grounded into fielder's choice to first, Castellanos out at second. Akiyama walked, Votto to second. Suárez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Miley pitching for Reds. Harper singled to center. Bohm doubled to deep center, Harper scored. Williams reached on bunt single to catcher, Bohm to third. Torreyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bohm scored, Williams out at second. Knapp grounded into fielder's choice to third, Torreyes out at second. Falter struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Falter pitching for Phillies. Barnhart grounded out to first. Freeman singled to left. Miley struck out swinging. Freeman caught stealing second, catcher to second. Bailey Falter pitches to Jonathan India. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Miley pitching for Reds. Herrera singled to center. Hoskins struck out swinging. McCutchen walked, Herrera to second. Harper flied out to center. Bohm singled to center, Herrera scored, McCutchen to third. Williams walked, Bohm to second. Torreyes reached on infield single to third, McCutchen scored, Williams to second, Bohm to third. Knapp struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Falter pitching for Phillies. India flied out to left. Winker struck out swinging. Castellanos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Miley pitching for Reds. Falter struck out swinging. Herrera grounded out to second. Hoskins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Falter pitching for Phillies. Votto lined out to shortstop. Akiyama struck out swinging. Suárez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Hembree pitching for Reds. McCutchen struck out swinging. Harper fouled out to third. Bohm walked. Bohm stole second. Williams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Stephenson hit for Barnhart. Falter pitching for Phillies. Stephenson grounded out to second. Lopez hit for Freeman. Lopez singled to right center. Aquino hit for Hembree. Feliz pitching for Phillies. Aquino walked, Lopez to second. India struck out swinging. Winker hit by pitch, Aquino to second, Lopez to third. Castellanos homered to center (412 feet), Lopez scored, Aquino scored and Winker scored. Votto doubled to deep right. Akiyama grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Hendrix pitching for Reds. Stephenson catching. Farmer at shortstop. Aquino in center field. Torreyes grounded out to third. Knapp grounded out to shortstop. Miller hit for Feliz. Miller grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. De Los Santos pitching for Phillies. Suárez walked. Stephenson singled to right, Suárez to second. Farmer sacrificed, Suárez scored and Stephenson scored, Farmer to first on throwing error by pitcher De Los Santos, Farmer to second. Aquino struck out looking. India singled to center, Farmer scored. Winker flied out to center. Castellanos doubled to left, India scored, Castellanos to third. Castellanos scored on De Los Santos wild pitch. Votto homered to right center (435 feet). Santillan hit for Hendrix. Maton pitching for Phillies. Santillan struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 9th. Osich pitching for Reds. Herrera grounded out to pitcher. Hoskins lined out to third. McCutchen grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 4 - Reds 12.	Castellanos hits slam as Reds rally past Phillies 12-4