Cardinals - Top 1st. Mahle pitching for Reds. Carlson struck out swinging. Goldschmidt homered to left (448 feet). Arenado singled to left. O'Neill grounded out to pitcher, Arenado to second. DeJong struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. LeBlanc pitching for Cardinals. India singled to left. Winker struck out swinging. Stephenson singled to right, India to second, India safe at third on fielding error by right fielder Carlson. Votto doubled to right, India scored and Stephenson scored. Suárez struck out swinging. Aquino struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Mahle pitching for Reds. Bader homered to left (409 feet). Edman grounded out to shortstop. Knizner singled to right. LeBlanc sacrificed to first, Knizner to second. Carlson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. LeBlanc pitching for Cardinals. Naquin grounded out to shortstop. Farmer singled to center. Mahle sacrificed to catcher, Farmer to second. India struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Mahle pitching for Reds. Goldschmidt singled to right. Arenado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Goldschmidt out at second. O'Neill lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. LeBlanc pitching for Cardinals. Winker grounded out to third. Stephenson grounded out to shortstop. Votto singled to deep right. Suárez walked, Votto to second. Aquino struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Mahle pitching for Reds. DeJong popped out to second. Bader walked. Edman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bader out at second. Knizner flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Cardinals. Naquin lined out to left. Farmer homered to left (365 feet). Mahle grounded out to shortstop. India singled to left. Winker doubled to deep right, India to third. Stephenson flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Rondón hit for LeBlanc. Mahle pitching for Reds. Rondón popped out to second. Carlson walked. Goldschmidt walked, Carlson to second. Arenado walked, Goldschmidt to second, Carlson to third. O'Neill struck out swinging. DeJong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Votto struck out swinging. Suárez flied out to right. Aquino singled to right. Naquin singled to center, Aquino to third. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Sosa at shortstop. Farmer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Naquin to second, Aquino out at home in rundown. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. García pitching for Reds. Bader doubled to left. Edman singled to left, Bader to third. Edman stole second. Knizner hit ground rule double to deep right, Bader scored and Edman scored. Sosa singled to center, Knizner to third. Hendrix pitching for Reds. Carlson hit sacrifice fly to right, Knizner scored. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sosa out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Lopez hit for Hendrix. Lopez flied out to right. India grounded out to shortstop. Winker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Alaniz pitching for Reds. O'Neill hit by pitch. Carpenter hit for Cabrera. Carpenter walked, O'Neill to second. Santillan pitching for Reds. Bader struck out swinging. Edman struck out looking. Knizner lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Helsley pitching for Cardinals. Stephenson singled to right. Votto singled to deep right, Stephenson to third. Suárez doubled to left, Stephenson scored, Votto to third. Votto scored on Helsley wild pitch, Suárez to third on wild pitch by Helsley. Aquino flied into double play, right to catcher, Suárez thrown out at home. Naquin grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Brach pitching for Reds. Sosa struck out swinging. Carlson flied out to left. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Farmer singled to left. Barnhart hit for Brach. Barnhart grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Farmer safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Gallegos. India flied out to right. Winker walked, Barnhart to second, Farmer to third. Stephenson hit sacrifice fly to center, Farmer scored. Freeman ran for Barnhart. Votto flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Hembree pitching for Reds. Freeman at first base. Arenado struck out swinging. O'Neill struck out swinging. Wainwright hit for Gallegos. Wainwright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Reds 6.	Farmer sparks Reds comeback for 6-5 win over Cardinals