Blue Jays - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Indians. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Johnson grounded out to first. Bautista walked. Lind grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Carreno pitching for Blue Jays. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to first. Choo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Indians. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Lawrie flied out to center. Thames grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Carreno pitching for Blue Jays. Santana homered to center (415 feet). Hafner walked. Duncan struck out swinging. Kotchman grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hafner out at second. Kipnis singled to right, Kotchman to second. Hannahan singled to center, Kotchman scored, Kipnis to second. Brantley walked, Kipnis to third, Hannahan to second. Cabrera grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Indians. Rasmus flied out to left. Mathis struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Carreno pitching for Blue Jays. Choo grounded out to second. Santana struck out looking. Hafner walked. Duncan popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Indians. Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop. Bautista flied out to center. Lind grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Hannahan. Encarnacion doubled to deep left, Johnson scored, Lind to third. Lawrie hit sacrifice fly to right, Lind scored, Encarnacion to third. Thames grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 4th. Carreno pitching for Blue Jays. Kotchman singled to left. Kipnis lined out to right. Hannahan grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kotchman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Indians. Rasmus grounded out to second. Mathis doubled to deep right. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Carreno pitching for Blue Jays. Brantley walked. Brantley caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to third. Choo singled to left. Santana homered to right (356 feet), Choo scored. Hafner grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Lowe pitching for Indians. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Lind singled to center. Encarnacion fouled out to catcher. Lawrie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lind out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Carreno pitching for Blue Jays. Duncan flied out to left. Kotchman lined out to center. Kipnis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Lowe pitching for Indians. Thames singled to left. Rasmus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Thames out at second. Mathis grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Hannahan walked. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hannahan safe at second on error by second baseman Johnson. Cabrera struck out swinging. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to first, Brantley out at second, Hannahan to third. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Cunningham in left field. Smith pitching for Indians. Escobar struck out swinging. Johnson singled to left. Bautista singled to right, Johnson to second. Lind singled to right center, Johnson scored, Bautista to second. Davis ran for Lind. Pestano pitching for Indians. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lawrie struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Bautista at first base. Davis in right field. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Hafner walked. Donald ran for Hafner. Cunningham struck out swinging. Kotchman flied out to center. Donald stole second. Kipnis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Thames singled to left. Rasmus flied out to left. Francisco hit for Mathis. Francisco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thames safe at second on error by shortstop Cabrera. Escobar struck out swinging. Johnson walked, Thames to third, Francisco to second. Bautista popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 3 - Indians 4.	Birthday-boy Santana: Two HRs in Indians' win