Rays - Top 1st. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Jennings struck out swinging. Pena singled to deep right, Pena out stretching at second. Longoria flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Niemann pitching for Rays. Escobar flied out to center. Johnson struck out looking. Bautista homered to left (449 feet). Lind singled to left. Encarnacion fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Scott struck out swinging. Zobrist walked. Joyce lined into double play, to first, Zobrist doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Niemann pitching for Rays. Thames struck out swinging. Lawrie struck out swinging. Rasmus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez lined out to second. Brignac grounded out to shortstop. Gimenez doubled to deep right. Jennings grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Niemann pitching for Rays. Arencibia safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Arencibia safe at second on error by third baseman Longoria. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Escobar out at second, Arencibia to third. Bautista hit sacrifice fly to left, Arencibia scored. Johnson to second on wild pitch by Niemann. Lind homered to left (363 feet), Johnson scored. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Pena reached on bunt single to shortstop. Longoria struck out swinging. Scott grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Pena out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Niemann pitching for Rays. Thames hit by pitch. Lawrie grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Thames out at second. Rasmus grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Zobrist grounded out to shortstop. Joyce singled to center. Rodriguez walked, Joyce to second. Brignac singled to right, Joyce scored, Rodriguez to third. Gimenez reached on infield single to shortstop, Rodriguez scored. Jennings bunt grounded out to pitcher, Brignac to third, Gimenez to second. Pena struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Niemann pitching for Rays. Arencibia grounded out to third. Escobar flied out to center. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Longoria singled to left. Scott grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Longoria out at second. Zobrist grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Niemann pitching for Rays. Bautista walked. Howell pitching for Rays. Bautista to second on wild pitch by Howell. Lind walked. Gomes pitching for Rays. Encarnacion struck out looking. Thames reached on infield single to third, Bautista to third, Lind to second, Bautista scored, Lind to third, Thames to second on throwing error by third baseman Longoria. Lawrie lined out to pitcher. Rasmus intentionally walked. Arencibia struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Top 7th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Joyce homered to right (390 feet). Rodriguez walked. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Vogt hit for Brignac. Vogt popped out to second. Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Frasor. Gimenez struck out looking. Jennings lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Zobrist at second base. Joyce in right field. Rodriguez at shortstop. Vogt in left field. Gomes pitching for Rays. Escobar walked. McGee pitching for Rays. Johnson struck out swinging. Bautista grounded out to second, Escobar to second. Lind singled to left, Escobar scored, Lind to second advancing on throw. Encarnacion intentionally walked. Francisco hit for Thames. Francisco struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Davis in left field. Cordero pitching for Blue Jays. Pena reached on bunt single to shortstop. Pena to second on wild pitch by Cordero. Longoria flied out to right. Scott walked. Zobrist struck out swinging. Joyce struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Badenhop pitching for Rays. Lawrie homered to center (433 feet). Rasmus singled to center. Arencibia flied out to left. Escobar grounded out to second, Rasmus to second. Johnson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Santos pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Keppinger hit for Vogt. Keppinger reached on infield single to third. Gimenez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Keppinger out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 3 - Blue Jays 7.	Jays' 3 HRs, Longoria's sloppy D bury Rays