Blue Jays - Top 1st. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Escobar grounded out to third. Bautista grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Zobrist grounded out to second. Upton homered to center (417 feet). Joyce walked. Pena flied out to left. Scott safe at first on error by pitcher Drabek, Joyce to second. Rodriguez struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Encarnacion singled to left. Arencibia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Encarnacion out at second, Arencibia to second on throwing error by second baseman Rhymes. Thames singled to center, Arencibia scored, Thames out stretching at second. Lawrie lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Rhymes struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to first. Molina walked. Zobrist grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Rasmus doubled to deep right. Mathis flied out to center, Rasmus to third. Johnson hit sacrifice fly to right, Rasmus scored. Escobar singled to left. Bautista struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Upton popped out to third. Joyce walked. Joyce to second on wild pitch by Drabek. Pena struck out swinging. Joyce to third on wild pitch by Drabek. Scott walked. Rodriguez singled to center, Joyce scored, Scott to second. Scott to third, Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Drabek. Rhymes flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Encarnacion fouled out to third. Arencibia singled to left. Thames grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Arencibia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Johnson flied out to right. Molina walked. Zobrist lined out to left. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Lawrie grounded out to third. Rasmus lined out to right. Mathis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Joyce grounded out to second. Pena walked. Scott grounded out to first, Pena to second. Rodriguez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Johnson popped out to first. Escobar homered to left center (438 feet). Bautista grounded out to third. Encarnacion flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Rhymes singled to center. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Rhymes out at second. Molina grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Arencibia singled to right center. Thames lined out to right. Lawrie grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arencibia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Zobrist singled to right. Upton struck out swinging. Zobrist caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Joyce struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Rasmus doubled to right. Mathis struck out swinging. Johnson intentionally walked. Badenhop pitching for Rays. Escobar safe at first on error by pitcher Badenhop, Rasmus to third, Johnson to second. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rasmus and Johnson scored on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez, Escobar safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to third, Escobar scored, Bautista out at second. Arencibia struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Davis in left field. Cordero pitching for Blue Jays. Pena struck out bunting foul. Scott grounded out to third. Rodriguez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Ramos pitching for Rays. Davis popped out to second. Lawrie grounded out to second. Rasmus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 9th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Rhymes singled to right. Johnson struck out looking. Molina grounded out to pitcher, Rhymes to second. Zobrist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Rays 2.	Jays dispatch Rays to get Drabek 1st road win