Orioles - Top 1st. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Andino grounded out to third. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Markakis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. Johnson grounded out to second. Escobar struck out looking. Bautista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Jones homered to right (386 feet). Wieters hit by pitch. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop, Wieters to second. Davis struck out looking. Betemit flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Rasmus grounded out to second. Arencibia lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Tolleson grounded out to third. Andino struck out swinging. Hardy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. Lawrie singled to center. Cooper singled to center, Lawrie to second. Davis reached on bunt single to pitcher, Lawrie to third, Cooper to second, Lawrie scored, Cooper to third, Davis to second on throwing error by pitcher Arrieta. Johnson struck out looking. Escobar grounded out to third, Cooper scored, Davis to third. Bautista popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 4th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis grounded out to second. Jones walked. Wieters grounded out to third, Jones to second. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Rasmus hit ground rule double to right. Arencibia walked. Lawrie doubled to right center, Rasmus and Arencibia scored. Cooper safe at first on error by center fielder Jones, Lawrie to third. Davis singled to left, Lawrie scored, Cooper to third, Davis to second on error by left fielder Betemit. Johnson struck out looking. Escobar lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Davis singled to center. Betemit struck out swinging. Tolleson struck out looking. Andino singled to center, Davis to second. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. Bautista walked. Encarnacion walked, Bautista to second. Rasmus struck out swinging. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Arencibia struck out swinging. Lawrie singled to right, Bautista scored, Encarnacion to third. Cooper singled to shallow left center, Encarnacion scored, Lawrie to third. Davis singled to shallow center, Lawrie scored, Cooper to second. Paulino catching. Johnson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Jones singled to center. Paulino doubled to left, Jones to third. Reynolds grounded out to third, Jones scored. Davis homered to left (380 feet), Paulino scored. Betemit struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Escobar flied out to right. Bautista doubled to left. Encarnacion flied out to center. Rasmus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Tolleson singled to shallow right. Andino struck out looking. Hardy struck out looking. Markakis hit ground rule double to deep center, Tolleson to third. Jones walked. Paulino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Arencibia fouled out to first. Lawrie flied out to center. Cooper struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Reynolds singled to shallow center. Davis singled to center, Reynolds to second. Betemit struck out looking. Cordero pitching for Blue Jays. Chavez hit for Tolleson. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Davis out at second, Reynolds to third. Chavez stole second. Andino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Betemit at third base. Chavez in left field. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Johnson struck out swinging. Ayala pitching for Orioles. Escobar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy singled to shallow left. Markakis lined out to right. Jones homered to left (392 feet), Hardy scored. Paulino doubled to center. Reynolds walked. Davis fouled out to third. Betemit grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 6 - Blue Jays 8.	Jays go up big, hang on late to top skidding O's