Blue Jays - Top 1st. Teheran pitching for Braves. Lawrie struck out swinging. Rasmus flied out to center. Bautista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Bourn popped out to shortstop. Prado grounded out to third. Jones grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Encarnacion singled to left. Johnson struck out swinging. Escobar lined out to right. Cooper fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Uggla hit by pitch. Diaz doubled to deep right, Uggla to third. Freeman flied out to center, Uggla scored, Diaz to third on error by center fielder Rasmus. Ross singled to center, Diaz scored. Simmons grounded out to third, Ross to second. Teheran grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Arencibia struck out looking. Romero grounded out to first. Lawrie flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Bourn doubled to deep left center. Prado reached on bunt single to pitcher, Bourn to third. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bourn scored, Prado out at second. Uggla singled to left. Diaz singled to right, Uggla to second. Freeman singled to left, Uggla scored, Diaz to second. Ross struck out looking. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Rasmus flied out to center. Bautista flied out to right. Encarnacion popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Simmons grounded out to third. Teheran walked. Bourn walked, Teheran to second. Prado singled to center, Teheran to third, Bourn to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Teheran out at home, Bourn to third, Prado to second. Uggla lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Johnson singled to right. Escobar walked, Johnson to second. Cooper struck out swinging. Arencibia singled to center, Johnson to third, Escobar to second. Gomes hit for Romero. Gomes singled to left, Johnson scored, Escobar to third, Arencibia to second. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Lawrie singled to right, Escobar scored, Arencibia to third, Gomes to second. Rasmus singled to right, Arencibia and Gomes scored, Lawrie to third. Bautista singled to center, Lawrie scored, Rasmus to second. Encarnacion doubled to deep left center, Rasmus scored, Bautista to third. Johnson popped out to shortstop. Escobar popped out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Diaz flied out to left. Freeman doubled to deep right. Ross struck out swinging. Simmons flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Cooper flied out to right. Arencibia flied out to right. Villanueva singled to center. Lawrie homered to left (375 feet), Villanueva scored. Rasmus homered to right (395 feet). Bautista grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Encarnacion at first base. Davis in left field. Francisco hit for Hernandez. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Francisco grounded out to second. Bourn reached on infield single to shortstop. Prado grounded out to third, Bourn to second. Bourn to third on fielder's indifference. Jones walked. Uggla grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Martinez pitching for Braves. Francisco at third base. Encarnacion singled to center. Johnson struck out swinging. Escobar singled to left center, Encarnacion to third. Davis singled to right, Encarnacion scored, Escobar to third. Arencibia hit sacrifice fly to center, Escobar scored. Vizquel hit for Villanueva. Vizquel singled to right, Davis to third. Lawrie struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Diaz fouled out to first. Freeman struck out swinging. Ross walked. Simmons struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Wilson at second base. Martinez pitching for Braves. Rasmus doubled to deep right center. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rasmus out at third. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Johnson tripled to deep right, Bautista scored. Escobar grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Beck pitching for Blue Jays. McCoy at second base. Francisco singled to right. Bourn lined out to right. Prado flied out to center. Hinske hit for Martinez. Hinske grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Durbin pitching for Braves. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Arencibia struck out looking. McCoy singled to left center. Lawrie walked, McCoy to second. Rasmus lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Wilson lined out to second. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. Freeman singled to center. Ross struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 12 - Braves 4.	Jays delete early deficit to hammer Braves