Blue Jays - Top 1st. Thornburg pitching for Brewers. Lawrie singled to deep right. Rasmus grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Lawrie out at second. Bautista popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Chavez pitching for Blue Jays. Aoki struck out swinging. Gomez struck out swinging. Braun singled to left. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Thornburg pitching for Brewers. Encarnacion flied out to right. Johnson lined out to right. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Chavez pitching for Blue Jays. Hart struck out looking. Weeks struck out looking. Maldonado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Thornburg pitching for Brewers. Davis struck out swinging. Arencibia singled to center. Chavez sacrificed to pitcher, Arencibia to second. Lawrie homered to center (410 feet), Arencibia scored. Rasmus grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Chavez pitching for Blue Jays. Maysonet flied out to center. Thornburg doubled to deep center. Aoki flied out to center. Gomez doubled to deep center, Thornburg scored. Braun walked. Ramirez walked, Gomez to third, Braun to second. Hart hit by pitch, Gomez scored, Braun to third, Ramirez to second. Weeks walked, Braun scored, Ramirez to third, Hart to second. Maldonado walked, Ramirez scored, Hart to third, Weeks to second. Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Maysonet struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Thornburg pitching for Brewers. Bautista flied out to center. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Thornburg struck out swinging. Aoki grounded out to second. Gomez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Thornburg pitching for Brewers. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Davis flied out to center. Arencibia hit ground rule double to deep right. Villanueva flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Braun grounded out to second. Ramirez walked. Hart flied out to right. Weeks singled to left, Ramirez to second. Maldonado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Thornburg pitching for Brewers. Lawrie flied out to center. Rasmus homered to right (375 feet). Bautista homered to left (422 feet). Encarnacion homered to left center (433 feet). Dillard pitching for Brewers. Johnson grounded out to third. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop. Davis walked, Escobar to second. Arencibia singled to left, Escobar scored, Davis to third. Cooper hit for Villanueva. Cooper grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Coello pitching for Blue Jays. Maysonet reached on infield single to second. Morgan hit for Dillard. Morgan doubled to left, Maysonet to third. Aoki struck out swinging. Gomez walked. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Braun walked, Maysonet scored, Morgan to third, Gomez to second. Ramirez homered to left center (419 feet), Morgan, Gomez and Braun scored. Hart struck out swinging. Weeks struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Parra pitching for Brewers. Lawrie flied out to right. Rasmus flied out to center. Bautista walked. Encarnacion singled to left, Bautista to third, Bautista scored, Encarnacion to second on throwing error by left fielder Braun. Johnson struck out swinging, Johnson safe at first on wild pitch by Parra, Encarnacion to third. Escobar singled to left, Encarnacion scored, Johnson to second. Johnson to third, Escobar to second on wild pitch by Parra. Davis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Cordero pitching for Blue Jays. Maldonado lined out to third. Maysonet singled to center. Kottaras hit for Parra. Kottaras doubled to deep right, Maysonet to third. Aoki grounded out to first. Gomez popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Brewers. Arencibia struck out looking. Vizquel hit for Cordero. Vizquel lined out to right. Lawrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Braun lined out to first. Ramirez flied out to center. Hart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Axford pitching for Brewers. Rasmus homered to right (374 feet). Bautista homered to right (401 feet). Encarnacion struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to second. Escobar lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Weeks struck out swinging. Maldonado popped out to shortstop. Ransom hit for Maysonet. Ransom singled to center. Green hit for Axford. Green grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 10 - Brewers 9.	Rasmus, Bautista HRs power Jays over Brewers