Blue Jays - Top 1st. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Gose struck out swinging. Rasmus tripled to deep right. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rasmus scored. Lind singled to right, Encarnacion to third. Arencibia singled to left, Encarnacion scored, Lind to second. Johnson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Arencibia out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury flied out to center. Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop. Pedroia flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Escobar doubled to left center. Snider grounded out to second, Escobar to third. Gomes struck out swinging. Gose walked. Rasmus doubled to deep center, Escobar and Gose scored. Encarnacion walked. Lind grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Ross grounded out to pitcher. Middlebrooks lined out to second. Shoppach grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Arencibia grounded out to pitcher. Johnson flied out to center. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Aviles reached on infield single to shortstop. Ciriaco struck out swinging. Ellsbury singled to center, Aviles to second. Crawford flied out to right, Aviles to third. Pedroia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Snider struck out looking. Gomes struck out swinging. Gose grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Gonzalez lined out to left. Ross singled to left. Middlebrooks grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ross out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Rasmus struck out swinging. Encarnacion reached on infield single to third, Encarnacion to second on throwing error by third baseman Middlebrooks. Lind singled to center, Encarnacion scored. Arencibia grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lind out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Shoppach singled to left. Aviles struck out swinging. Ciriaco grounded out to third, Shoppach to second. Ellsbury grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Johnson struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to second. Snider walked. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Snider out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford struck out swinging. Pedroia singled to left. Gonzalez flied out to right. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pedroia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Gose struck out looking. Rasmus grounded out to second. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Middlebrooks singled to right. Shoppach singled to left, Middlebrooks to second. Aviles struck out looking. Ciriaco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Shoppach out at second, Middlebrooks to third. Ellsbury fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Melancon pitching for Red Sox. Lind struck out looking. Arencibia walked. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Arencibia out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford grounded out to second. Pedroia popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Melancon pitching for Red Sox. Escobar grounded out to second. Snider doubled to left. Gomes doubled to right, Snider scored. Gose walked. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Rasmus lined into double play, right to shortstop, Gomes doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Ross struck out swinging. Middlebrooks singled to right. Nava hit for Shoppach. Middlebrooks to second on fielder's indifference. Middlebrooks to third on wild pitch by Janssen. Nava walked. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Middlebrooks scored, Nava out at second. Saltalamacchia hit for Ciriaco. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Red Sox 1.	Jays' Laffey stymies Red Sox's bats