Blue Jays - Top 1st. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Lawrie struck out looking. Rasmus struck out swinging. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Ackley homered to right (374 feet). Wells grounded out to shortstop. Saunders flied out to left. Montero grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Cooper fouled out to left. Escobar grounded out to third. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Seager lined out to first. Carp singled to center. Olivo doubled to deep left, Carp to third. Robinson singled to center, Carp scored, Olivo to third, Robinson to second advancing on throw. Ryan singled to right, Olivo scored, Robinson to third. Ackley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Robinson scored, Ryan out at second. Wells flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Davis flied out to center. Mathis singled to right. Sierra singled to center, Mathis to second. Lawrie doubled to left, Mathis and Sierra scored. Rasmus grounded out to first, Lawrie to third. Encarnacion walked. Cooper grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Saunders grounded out to first. Montero singled to right center. Seager walked, Montero to second. Carp grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Escobar lined out to third. Johnson grounded out to first. Davis popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Olivo grounded out to shortstop. Robinson doubled to center. Ryan singled to left, Robinson to third. Ackley grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Robinson scored, Ryan out at second. Ackley caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Wells batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Mathis fouled out to third. Sierra grounded out to shortstop. Lawrie grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Wells walked. Saunders grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wells out at second. Montero flied out to center. Seager singled to right, Saunders to third. Carp hit by pitch, Seager to second. Lyon pitching for Blue Jays. Olivo singled to center, Saunders and Seager scored, Carp to second. Robinson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Rasmus flied out to right. Encarnacion flied out to left. Cooper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Lyon pitching for Blue Jays. Ryan struck out looking. Ackley safe at first on error by second baseman Johnson. Wells popped out to shortstop. Ackley stole second. Saunders struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Escobar singled to left. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Escobar out at second. Davis singled to left, Johnson to second. Mathis flied out to center. Sierra flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Delabar pitching for Blue Jays. Montero popped out to second. Seager singled to right center. Carp struck out swinging. Seager caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Kelley pitching for Mariners. Lawrie singled to right. Rasmus fouled out to first. Lawrie to second on wild pitch by Kelley. Lawrie safe at third on throwing error by catcher Olivo. Encarnacion popped out to shortstop. Cooper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Carpenter pitching for Blue Jays. Olivo struck out swinging. Robinson walked. Ryan singled to right, Robinson to second. Ackley fouled out to third. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ryan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Kinney pitching for Mariners. Escobar struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 2 - Mariners 7.	Mariners thump Blue Jays to win sixth straight