Blue Jays - Top 1st. Moore pitching for Rays. Davis doubled to deep right center. Rasmus struck out looking. Davis stole third. Encarnacion walked. Davis scored, Encarnacion to second on balk by Moore. Encarnacion stole third. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Encarnacion out at home. Cooper flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Fuld grounded out to second. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Joyce reached on infield single to third. Longoria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Moore pitching for Rays. Sierra singled to right center. Sierra stole second. Mathis popped out to second. Vizquel flied out to left. Hechavarria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Zobrist safe at first on error by first baseman Encarnacion. Pena grounded out to second, Zobrist to second. Keppinger singled to right, Zobrist to third. Roberts walked, Keppinger to second. Lobaton singled to left, Zobrist and Keppinger scored, Roberts to second. Fuld walked, Roberts to third, Lobaton to second. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Roberts scored, Fuld out at second, Lobaton to third. Joyce popped out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Moore pitching for Rays. Davis flied out to center. Rasmus fouled out to catcher. Encarnacion fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Longoria singled to left. Zobrist singled to right, Longoria to second. Pena walked, Longoria to third, Zobrist to second. Keppinger grounded into fielder's choice to third, Longoria out at home, Zobrist to third, Pena to second. Roberts singled to center, Zobrist scored, Pena to third, Keppinger to second. Lobaton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Roberts out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Moore pitching for Rays. Escobar bunt grounded out to pitcher. Cooper struck out looking. Sierra grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Fuld bunt grounded out to second. Upton singled to center. Joyce lined out to left. Upton to second on balk by Alvarez. Longoria singled to left, Upton scored. Zobrist struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Moore pitching for Rays. Mathis grounded out to third. Vizquel flied out to left. Hechavarria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Pena reached on bunt single to shortstop. Keppinger singled to left, Pena to second. Roberts flied out to left. Lobaton singled to right, Pena scored, Keppinger to second, Keppinger thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Fuld grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Moore pitching for Rays. Davis struck out swinging. Rasmus struck out swinging. Encarnacion walked. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Encarnacion out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Upton popped out to shortstop. Joyce grounded out to third. Longoria safe at first on error by left fielder Davis. Zobrist grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Farnsworth pitching for Rays. Cooper flied out to left. Sierra grounded out to third. Mathis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Pena bunt grounded out to catcher. Keppinger reached on infield single to second. Johnson ran for Keppinger. Roberts fouled out to first. Lobaton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Zobrist at second base. Johnson at shortstop. Roberts at third base. Howell pitching for Rays. Vizquel grounded out to third. Hechavarria flied out to center. Davis hit by pitch. Davis to second on fielder's indifference. Rasmus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Fuld struck out looking. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Joyce hit by pitch. Longoria doubled to deep left center, Joyce scored. Rodriguez ran for Longoria. Zobrist struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Rodriguez at second base. Davis pitching for Rays. Encarnacion flied out to center. Escobar grounded out to second. Cooper doubled to deep left center. Sierra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 1 - Rays 7.	Moore, Lobaton spark Rays past Blue Jays \n