Rays - Top 1st. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Jennings singled to shallow left. Upton sacrificed to second, Jennings to second. Jennings stole third. Zobrist flied out to right. Longoria doubled to deep left, Jennings scored. Keppinger grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Price pitching for Rays. Davis struck out swinging. Rasmus popped out to first. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Francisco homered to left (397 feet). Pena walked. Roberts doubled to left, Pena to third. Molina singled to shallow center, Pena scored, Roberts to third. Jennings singled to center, Roberts scored, Molina to second. Upton singled to right, Molina to third, Jennings to second. Zobrist singled to center, Molina and Jennings scored, Upton to second. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Longoria flied out to left, Upton to third, Zobrist to second. Keppinger grounded out to third, Upton scored. Francisco struck out looking. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Price pitching for Rays. Lind walked. Escobar walked, Lind to second. Torrealba flied out to left. Sierra grounded out to third, Lind to third, Escobar to second. McCoy walked. Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Pena homered to center (410 feet). Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to third. Jennings popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Price pitching for Rays. Davis struck out looking. Rasmus hit by pitch. Encarnacion lined out to left. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Upton struck out swinging. Zobrist grounded out to pitcher. Longoria hit ground rule double to third. Keppinger reached on infield single to shortstop, Longoria to third. Francisco hit ground rule double to deep center, Longoria scored, Keppinger to third. Pena intentionally walked. Roberts fouled out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Price pitching for Rays. Escobar struck out looking. Torrealba singled to shallow right. Sierra flied out to right. McCoy doubled to left, Torrealba to third. Hechavarria grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Molina grounded out to third. Jennings singled to center. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jennings out at second. Zobrist singled to shallow left, Upton to second. Longoria popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Price pitching for Rays. Davis grounded out to pitcher. Rasmus popped out to shortstop. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Scott hit for Keppinger. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Scott struck out swinging. Francisco flied out to center. Pena singled to center. Roberts flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Thompson in left field. Fuld in center field. Brignac at shortstop. Johnson at third base. Price pitching for Rays. Lind popped out to first. Escobar singled to shallow right. Torrealba grounded out to pitcher, Escobar to second. Sierra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Molina walked. Fuld flied out to left. Molina to second on wild pitch by Laffey. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at third. Thompson singled to left, Johnson to second. Brignac struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Price pitching for Rays. McCoy fouled out to first. Hechavarria reached on infield single to third. Davis walked, Hechavarria to second. Rasmus reached on infield single to shortstop, Hechavarria to third, Davis to second. Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to first, Hechavarria scored, Davis to third. Lind reached on infield single to pitcher, Davis scored, Rasmus to third. Badenhop pitching for Rays. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lind out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Scott popped out to catcher. Francisco walked. Pena struck out looking. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Gimenez catching. Badenhop pitching for Rays. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop. Sierra struck out swinging. McCoy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Laffey pitching for Blue Jays. Gimenez singled to shallow left. Fuld singled to shallow left, Gimenez to second. Johnson flied out to right, Gimenez to third. Thompson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Fuld out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Ramos pitching for Rays. Hechavarria grounded out to third. Davis grounded out to second. Rasmus singled to left. Encarnacion homered to left (369 feet), Rasmus scored. Lind flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 9 - Blue Jays 4.	Price wins 17th as Rays split with Blue Jays   \n\n