Yankees - Top 1st. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to second. Rodriguez singled to center. Cano singled to shallow center, Rodriguez to second. Swisher doubled to right center, Rodriguez and Cano scored. Granderson lined out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Lawrie doubled to left. Rasmus grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lawrie out at second. Encarnacion popped out to second. Arencibia singled to shallow left, Rasmus to second. Lind grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Ibanez singled to center. Martin walked, Ibanez to second. Chavez walked, Ibanez to third, Martin to second. Jeter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ibanez scored, Chavez out at second, Martin to third. Suzuki grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Escobar doubled to deep center. Escobar to third on wild pitch by Kuroda. Johnson struck out swinging. Escobar out at third. Davis singled to shallow center. Gose doubled to left, Davis to third. Lawrie walked. Rasmus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez lined out to second. Cano flied out to left. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Encarnacion flied out to center. Arencibia grounded out to third. Lind singled to center. Escobar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Granderson walked. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Granderson out at second. Martin grounded out to third, Ibanez to second. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Johnson grounded out to first. Davis doubled to right center. Gose flied out to center, Davis to third. Lawrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter flied out to left. Suzuki grounded out to second. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Rasmus homered to right (405 feet). Encarnacion walked. Arencibia struck out swinging. Lind grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Encarnacion out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Cano hit by pitch. Swisher singled to shallow left, Cano to second. Granderson struck out swinging. Ibanez struck out swinging. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Martin homered to left (354 feet), Cano and Swisher scored. Chavez walked. Jeter singled to shallow right, Chavez to third. Suzuki singled to left, Chavez scored, Jeter to second. Carreno pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suzuki out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Escobar popped out to second. Johnson hit ground rule double to right. Davis singled to shallow right, Johnson to third. Phelps pitching for Yankees. Gose grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson scored, Davis out at second. Lawrie flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Carreno pitching for Blue Jays. Cano grounded out to shortstop. Swisher walked. Granderson doubled to deep center, Swisher to third. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Swisher scored, Granderson out at third. Martin reached on infield single to pitcher, Ibanez to third, Martin to second on throwing error by pitcher Carreno. Beck pitching for Blue Jays. Chavez flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Phelps pitching for Yankees. Rasmus struck out swinging. Encarnacion walked. Arencibia fouled out to first. Lind homered to left (404 feet), Encarnacion scored. Escobar flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Beck pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter grounded out to third. Suzuki doubled to shallow left. Rodriguez popped out to second. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki stole third. Cano singled to shallow center, Suzuki scored. Swisher flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Dickerson in left field. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Johnson grounded out to second. Davis singled to shallow left. Gose grounded out to first, Davis to second. Lawrie walked. Rasmus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Korecky pitching for Blue Jays. Granderson grounded out to second. Dickerson walked. Martin grounded out to pitcher, Dickerson to second. Chavez homered to left (368 feet), Dickerson scored. Jeter grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Gardner in left field. Dickerson in right field. Eppley pitching for Yankees. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Arencibia struck out swinging. Soriano pitching for Yankees. Lind walked. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lind out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 11 - Blue Jays 4.	Yankees rout Blue Jays, maintain AL East lead