Angels - Top 1st. Odorizzi pitching for Astros. Fletcher lined out to right. Emanuel pitching for Astros. Ohtani grounded out to first. Upton reached on infield single to catcher. Walsh flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Canning pitching for Angels. Correa homered to left (389 feet). Brantley walked. Bregman singled to shallow left, Brantley to second. Bregman to second on wild pitch by Canning, Brantley to third on wild pitch by Canning. Alvarez singled to center, Brantley scored, Bregman to third. Gurriel grounded into double play, second to first, Bregman scored, Alvarez out at second. Tucker grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Emanuel pitching for Astros. Pujols homered to left (391 feet). Schebler lined out to center. Iglesias flied out to center. Suzuki grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Canning pitching for Angels. García struck out swinging. Straw lined out to center. Castro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Emanuel pitching for Astros. Rengifo grounded out to shortstop. Fletcher flied out to right. Ohtani homered to center (413 feet). Upton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Canning pitching for Angels. Correa singled to center. Brantley doubled to right, Correa to third. Bregman homered to left (387 feet), Correa scored and Brantley scored. Alvarez struck out swinging. Gurriel walked. Guerra pitching for Angels. Gurriel to second on wild pitch by Guerra. Tucker lined out to left. Gurriel to third on wild pitch by Guerra. García struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Emanuel pitching for Astros. Walsh struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to first. Schebler popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Guerra pitching for Angels. Straw doubled to left. Castro singled to center, Straw scored. Correa struck out swinging. Brantley doubled to left, Castro to third. Bregman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castro scored on error by catcher Suzuki, Bregman second, Brantley safe at third on error. Cishek pitching for Angels. Alvarez intentionally walked. Gurriel singled to center, Brantley scored and Bregman scored, Alvarez to second. Gurriel to second on wild pitch by Cishek, Alvarez to third on wild pitch by Cishek. Tucker struck out swinging. García struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 5th. Emanuel pitching for Astros. Iglesias grounded out to second. Suzuki grounded out to third. Rengifo popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Cishek pitching for Angels. Straw grounded out to first. Castro walked. Correa popped out to second. Brantley doubled to shallow left, Castro to third. Bregman walked. Rowen pitching for Angels. Alvarez tripled to deep right center, Castro scored, Brantley scored and Bregman scored. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Rojas hit for Fletcher. Toro at third base. Toro at third base. Emanuel pitching for Astros. Rojas struck out swinging. Ohtani grounded out to shortstop. Upton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Rojas at second base. Bemboom in left field. Rowen pitching for Angels. Tucker singled to right. García grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tucker out at second. Straw lined out to center. Castro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Emanuel pitching for Astros. Walsh singled to shallow left. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Walsh out at second. Schebler grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Rowen pitching for Angels. Correa singled to center. Toro grounded into fielder's choice to second, Correa out at second. McCormick hit by pitch, Toro to second. Alvarez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McCormick out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Emanuel pitching for Astros. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki hit by pitch. Rengifo grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Rowen pitching for Angels. Gurriel doubled to deep right. Ohtani in left field. Anthony Bemboom pitching for Angels. Tucker homered to left (341 feet), Gurriel scored. García grounded out to second. Straw doubled to left. Castro doubled to right, Straw scored. Correa safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rengifo, Castro safe at third on error. Toro lined out to shortstop. McCormick flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Emanuel pitching for Astros. Rojas singled to left. Ohtani grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rojas safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Gurriel. Bemboom grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ohtani out at second, Rojas to third. Walsh struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 2 - Astros 16.	Long man: Emanuel works 8 2/3 in relief, Astros pound Angels