Angels - Top 1st. German pitching for Yankees. Ohtani flied out to center. Rendon walked. Walsh flied out to left. Gosselin homered to right (379 feet), Rendon scored. Fletcher grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Ohtani pitching for Angels. LeMahieu walked. Voit walked, LeMahieu to second. Voit to second on passed ball by Suzuki, LeMahieu to third on passed ball by Suzuki. Sánchez walked. Stanton singled to left, LeMahieu scored, Sánchez to second, Voit to third. Torres singled to shallow left, Voit scored, Stanton to second, Sánchez to third. Odor struck out swinging. Andújar grounded out to third, Sánchez scored, Torres to second, Stanton to third. Frazier hit by pitch. Gardner walked, Stanton scored, Frazier to second, Torres to third. Slegers pitching for Angels. LeMahieu doubled to right, Gardner scored, Torres scored and Frazier scored. Voit flied out to center. 7 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. German pitching for Yankees. Iglesias singled to center. Suzuki struck out swinging. Ward walked, Iglesias to second. Lagares doubled to left, Iglesias scored, Ward to third. Schebler hit for Slegers. Schebler struck out swinging. Rendon lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Claudio pitching for Angels. Sánchez singled to left center. Stanton singled to left, Sánchez to second. Torres flied out to right, Sánchez to third. Odor walked, Stanton to second. Andújar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Odor out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Wade in right field. German pitching for Yankees. Walsh lined out to left. Gosselin grounded out to catcher. Fletcher walked. Iglesias safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Voit, Iglesias safe at second on error, Fletcher safe at third on error. Suzuki hit by pitch. Ward popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Claudio pitching for Angels. Wade singled to left. Gardner walked, Wade to second. Bundy pitching for Angels. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Gardner to second on passed ball by Suzuki, Wade to third on passed ball by Suzuki. Voit struck out swinging. Sánchez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Wilson pitching for Yankees. Lagares grounded out to first. Bundy struck out looking. Rendon fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Bundy pitching for Angels. Stanton struck out looking. Torres walked. Odor fouled out to right. Andújar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Cessa pitching for Yankees. Walsh homered to center (399 feet). Gosselin struck out looking. Fletcher grounded out to second. Iglesias reached on infield single to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Iglesias out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Watson pitching for Angels. Wade struck out looking. Gardner singled to left.. LeMahieu grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Gardner out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. O'Day pitching for Yankees. Ward lined out to left. Lagares grounded out to shortstop. Watson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Watson pitching for Angels. Voit grounded out to shortstop. Sánchez walked. Stanton walked, Sánchez to second. Cishek pitching for Angels. Torres grounded into double play, third to second to first, Stanton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Loaisiga pitching for Yankees. Rendon grounded out to third. Walsh grounded out to shortstop. Gosselin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Cishek pitching for Angels. Odor singled to center. Andújar lined out to left. Wade grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Odor out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Loaisiga pitching for Yankees. Fletcher grounded out to third. Iglesias grounded out to catcher. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Stassi catching. Mayers pitching for Angels. Gardner homered to right (372 feet). LeMahieu lined out to right. Voit grounded out to third. Sánchez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Chapman pitching for Yankees. Ward walked. Lagares grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ward out at second. Stassi walked, Lagares to second. Rendon walked, Stassi to second, Lagares to third. Walsh homered to right center (401 feet), Lagares scored, Stassi scored and Rendon scored. Luetge pitching for Yankees. Gosselin walked. Fletcher singled to center, Gosselin to third. Iglesias struck out swinging. Rengifo hit for Mayers. Fletcher stole second. Rengifo singled to left, Gosselin scored and Fletcher scored. Ward doubled to left, Rengifo scored. Lagares struck out looking. 7 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Iglesias pitching for Angels. Rengifo in right field. Ward in left field. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. Torres grounded out to third. Odor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 11 - Yankees 8.	Walsh slams Chapman as Angels stun Yanks after Ohtani flops