Rockies - Top 1st. Suarez pitching for Angels. Tapia singled to center. Tapia to second on balk. Rodgers safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Mayfield. Story grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodgers safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Mayfield, Tapia to third. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tapia scored, Story out at second, Rodgers to third. Cron grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodgers scored, Blackmon out at second. Cron stole second. McMahon walked. Díaz struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Gomber pitching for Rockies. Fletcher singled to shallow right. Ohtani lined out to first. Gosselin grounded into fielder's choice to first, Fletcher out at second. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gosselin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Suarez pitching for Angels. Joe struck out swinging. Hampson struck out swinging. Tapia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Gomber pitching for Rockies. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. Marsh walked. Suzuki fouled out to first. Lagares grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Suarez pitching for Angels. Rodgers homered to center (415 feet). Story safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Iglesias. Blackmon grounded out to second, Story to second. Cron grounded out to shortstop. McMahon singled to right, Story scored, McMahon to second. Díaz singled to center, McMahon scored. Joe struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Gomber pitching for Rockies. Mayfield walked. Fletcher singled to center, Mayfield to second. Ohtani struck out swinging. Gosselin struck out looking. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Suarez pitching for Angels. Hampson walked. Hampson stole second. Tapia singled to left, Hampson scored. Rodgers grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tapia out at second. Story hit ground rule double to deep right, Rodgers to third. Wantz pitching for Angels. Blackmon struck out swinging. Hilliard hit for Cron. Hilliard homered to right (390 feet), Rodgers scored and Story scored. McMahon struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Hilliard as designated hitter. Gomber pitching for Rockies. Iglesias lined out to shortstop. Marsh struck out swinging. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Wantz pitching for Angels. Díaz hit ground rule double to deep right. Joe hit ground rule double to deep right, Díaz scored. Hampson struck out swinging. Tapia flied out to left. Rodgers walked. Story struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Gomber pitching for Rockies. Lagares doubled to deep right center. Mayfield grounded out to second, Lagares to third. Fletcher lined out to shortstop. Ohtani homered to center (463 feet), Lagares scored. Gosselin flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Rengifo at third base. Mayfield at shortstop. Guerra pitching for Angels. Blackmon singled to left. Hilliard reached on infield single to third, Blackmon to second. McMahon hit by pitch, Hilliard to second, Blackmon to third. Díaz grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, McMahon to second, Hilliard to third, Blackmon out at home. Joe singled to right center, Hilliard scored and McMahon scored. Hampson grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Gomber pitching for Rockies. Upton reached on infield single to shortstop. Rengifo struck out swinging. Marsh struck out looking. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Guerra pitching for Angels. Tapia walked. Rodgers struck out swinging. Fuentes hit for Story. Fuentes flied out to center. Ruiz hit for Blackmon. Ruiz singled to center, Tapia to second. Hilliard walked, Ruiz to second, Tapia to third. McMahon fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Tapia in right field. Rodgers at shortstop. Fuentes at first base. Ruiz at third base. McMahon at second base. Joe in left field. Lawrence pitching for Rockies. Lagares singled to left. Mayfield grounded out to second, Lagares to second. Fletcher singled to right, Lagares to third. Ohtani walked, Fletcher to second. Gosselin walked, Lagares scored, Ohtani to second, Fletcher to third. Kinley pitching for Rockies. Upton flied out to right. Rengifo grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Mayers pitching for Angels. Díaz grounded out to first. Joe reached on infield single to third. Hampson grounded out to third, Joe to second. Tapia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Kinley pitching for Rockies. Marsh grounded out to first. Suzuki flied out to left. Lagares grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Eaton pitching for Angels. Rodgers singled to shallow left. Fuentes flied out to left. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodgers out at second. Hilliard singled to shallow right center, Ruiz to second. McMahon flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Rosscup pitching for Rockies. Mayfield singled to left. Fletcher walked, Mayfield to second. Ohtani struck out swinging. Gosselin hit by pitch, Fletcher to second, Mayfield to third. Upton struck out swinging. Rengifo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 12 - Angels 3.	Ohtani hits MLB-best 36th HR but Angels routed by Rockies