Angels - Top 1st. Manning pitching for Tigers. Ohtani flied out to right. Fletcher singled to right center. Gosselin fouled out to first. Walsh grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Quintana pitching for Angels. Grossman grounded out to second. Schoop reached on infield single to first. Candelario singled to center, Schoop to third. Cabrera singled to center, Schoop scored, Candelario to second. Cabrera to second on passed ball by Stassi, Candelario to third on passed ball by Stassi. Cameron grounded out to second, Candelario scored, Cabrera to third. Castro grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Manning pitching for Tigers. Upton grounded out to third. Adell walked. Marsh tripled to deep right, Adell scored. Stassi grounded out to shortstop, Marsh scored. Iglesias flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Quintana pitching for Angels. Short homered to left (387 feet). Reyes struck out swinging. Garneau singled to center. Grossman singled to left, Garneau to second. Schoop singled to center, Grossman to second, Garneau to third. Slegers pitching for Angels. Candelario singled to right, Garneau scored, Schoop to second, Grossman to third. Cabrera doubled to left, Candelario scored, Grossman scored and Schoop scored. Cameron hit by pitch. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cameron out at second, Cabrera to third. Short grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Manning pitching for Tigers. Ohtani singled to right. Fletcher grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ohtani out at second. Gosselin struck out swinging. Walsh singled to left, Fletcher to second. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Slegers pitching for Angels. Reyes doubled to right. Garneau struck out swinging. Reyes caught stealing third, catcher to third. Grossman doubled to right. Schoop grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Manning pitching for Tigers. Adell grounded out to second. Marsh reached on infield single to catcher. Stassi struck out looking. Iglesias walked, Marsh to second. Ohtani walked, Iglesias to second, Marsh to third. Fletcher lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Slegers pitching for Angels. Candelario homered to left center (411 feet). Cabrera grounded out to third. Cameron struck out swinging. Castro homered to left (372 feet). Short grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Manning pitching for Tigers. Gosselin struck out looking. Walsh walked. Upton reached first base on catcher's interference, Upton to first on error by catcher Garneau, Walsh to second on error. Adell popped out to first. Holland pitching for Tigers. Marsh struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Slegers pitching for Angels. Reyes flied out to center. Garneau grounded out to third. Grossman walked. Grossman stole second. Schoop doubled to left, Grossman scored. Wantz pitching for Angels. Candelario grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Holland pitching for Tigers. Stassi singled to left. Iglesias lined out to second. Ohtani reached on infield single to first, Stassi to second. Fletcher singled to right, Ohtani to second, Stassi to third. Jiménez pitching for Tigers. Gosselin reached on infield single to pitcher, Stassi scored, Fletcher to second, Ohtani to third. Walsh walked, Ohtani scored, Gosselin to second, Fletcher to third. Upton walked, Fletcher scored, Walsh to second, Gosselin to third. Funkhouser pitching for Tigers. Adell grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gosselin scored, Upton out at second, Walsh to third. Marsh tripled to deep center, Walsh scored and Adell scored. Stassi struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Wantz pitching for Angels. Cabrera safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Gosselin. Cameron struck out looking. Castro fouled out to third. Short struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 7th. Funkhouser pitching for Tigers. Iglesias grounded out to second. Ohtani walked. Fletcher lined out to third. Gosselin singled to center, Ohtani to second. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Walsh doubled to center, Ohtani scored, Gosselin to third. Upton grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Mayers pitching for Angels. Reyes popped out to second. Garneau grounded out to second. Grossman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Adell struck out swinging. Marsh walked. Stassi homered to left (348 feet), Marsh scored. Iglesias doubled to left. Iglesias stole third. Ohtani hit sacrifice fly to center, Iglesias scored. Krol pitching for Tigers. Fletcher popped out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Warren pitching for Angels. Schoop fouled out to first. Candelario flied out to left. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Krol pitching for Tigers. Gosselin homered to left (384 feet). Walsh reached on infield single to first. Upton struck out swinging. Adell grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Walsh out at second. Marsh grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Lagares in left field. Warren pitching for Angels. Cameron flied out to right. Castro struck out swinging. Short struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 13 - Tigers 10.	Cabrera stuck at 499; Angels rally to beat Tigers 13-10