Reds - Top 1st. Hughes pitching for Twins. Winker flied out to left. Peraza homered to left (388 feet). Votto hit by pitch. Gennett flied out to left. Suárez flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Castillo pitching for Reds. Dozier singled to center. Mauer walked, Dozier to second. Sanó singled to center, Dozier scored, Mauer to second. Rosario doubled to deep right center, Mauer scored, Sanó to third. Kepler grounded out to first, Sanó scored, Rosario to third. Escobar fouled out to catcher. Morrison homered to center (409 feet), Rosario scored. Grossman singled to left. Castro grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Hughes pitching for Twins. Schebler struck out looking. Duvall flied out to right. Barnhart flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Dozier doubled to left. Mauer walked. Shackelford pitching for Reds. Sanó grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mauer out at second, Dozier to third. Rosario popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Hughes pitching for Twins. Hamilton walked. Winker lined out to left. Peraza bunt grounded out to catcher, Hamilton to second. Votto walked. Gennett singled to center, Hamilton scored, Votto to third. Suárez singled to left center, Votto scored, Gennett to second. Schebler struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Shackelford pitching for Reds. Kepler lined out to second. Escobar doubled to deep right. Morrison singled to deep right, Escobar scored. Grossman doubled to deep right center, Morrison scored. Castro grounded out to first, Grossman to third. Dozier flied out to right. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Hughes pitching for Twins. Duvall doubled to deep left. Barnhart grounded out to second, Duvall to third. Hamilton struck out swinging. Winker doubled to deep left, Duvall scored. Duffey pitching for Twins. Peraza grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Shackelford pitching for Reds. Mauer walked. Sanó struck out swinging. Rosario flied out to right. Kepler doubled to deep right, Mauer to third, Mauer scored on throwing error by right fielder Schebler. Hernandez pitching for Reds. Escobar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Duffey pitching for Twins. Votto homered to right (417 feet). Gennett singled to left. Suárez doubled to deep right, Gennett to third. Schebler singled to left, Gennett and Suárez scored. Duvall safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Duffey, Schebler to third. Pressly pitching for Twins. Barnhart hit sacrifice fly to center, Schebler scored, Duvall to third. Hamilton tripled to right, Duvall scored. Hamilton scored on Pressly's wild pitch. Winker struck out looking. Peraza reached on infield single to shortstop. Rogers pitching for Twins. Votto singled to right, Peraza to second. Gennett reached on infield single to second, Peraza to third, Votto to second. Suárez struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Reds. Morrison struck out looking. Grossman singled to shallow left. Castro struck out swinging. Dozier walked, Grossman to second. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dozier out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Rogers pitching for Twins. Schebler reached on infield single to shortstop. Hale pitching for Twins. Duvall struck out looking. Barnhart struck out swinging. Hamilton walked, Schebler to second. Winker popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Garrett pitching for Reds. Sanó flied out to center. Rosario struck out swinging. Kepler singled to right center. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Hale pitching for Twins. Peraza singled to center. Votto walked, Peraza to second. Gennett flied out to center. Suárez reached on infield single to third, Peraza to third, Votto to second. Schebler walked, Peraza scored, Votto to third, Suárez to second. Duvall grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Duvall scored, Votto out at home. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Hughes pitching for Reds. Morrison struck out swinging. Grossman walked. Castro grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Grossman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Hale pitching for Twins. Barnhart grounded out to third. Hamilton lined out to right. Winker lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Hughes pitching for Reds. Dozier struck out swinging. Mauer grounded out to first. Sanó grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Hale pitching for Twins. Peraza homered to left (382 feet). Votto doubled to deep right. Gennett walked. Hildenberger pitching for Twins. Suárez singled to center, Votto to third, Gennett to second. Schebler grounded into fielder's choice to second, Votto out at home, Gennett to third, Suárez to second. Duvall doubled to deep right center, Gennett and Suárez scored, Schebler to third. Barnhart hit sacrifice fly to center, Schebler scored, Duvall to third. Hamilton struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Iglesias pitching for Reds. Rosario homered to right (383 feet). Kepler singled to left center. Escobar walked, Kepler to second. Morrison flied out to left. Grossman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Escobar out at second, Kepler to third. Adrianza hit for Castro. Grossman to second on fielder's indifference. Adrianza struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 15 - Twins 9.	Votto's big night lifts Reds over Twins, 15-9