Reds - Top 1st. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Peraza singled to right center. Barnhart flied out to center. Votto grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Peraza out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Bailey pitching for Reds. Dyson grounded out to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Lamb flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Gennett singled to center. Suárez singled to left, Gennett to second. Schebler popped out to third. Duvall singled to right center, Gennett scored, Suárez to third. Bailey sacrificed to pitcher, Duvall to second. Hamilton popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Bailey pitching for Reds. Descalso tripled to deep center. Murphy grounded out to third. Owings walked. Brito grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Descalso scored, Owings safe at second on error by shortstop Peraza. Ahmed homered to left (386 feet), Owings and Brito scored. Koch struck out swinging. Dyson lined out to left. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 3rd. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Peraza flied out to center. Barnhart singled to center. Votto lined out to left. Gennett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Bailey pitching for Reds. Goldschmidt grounded out to pitcher. Lamb grounded out to second. Descalso grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Suárez singled to left. Schebler hit by pitch, Suárez to second. Duvall flied out to center, Suárez to third. Bailey sacrificed to pitcher, Schebler to second. Hamilton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Murphy homered to left (392 feet). Owings safe at first on error by third baseman Suárez. Brito singled to center, Owings to third. Ahmed grounded into fielder's choice to third, Owings scored, Brito out at second, Ahmed to second on throwing error by second baseman Gennett. Koch struck out swinging. Dyson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Peraza singled to left. Barnhart popped out to shortstop. Votto singled to right, Peraza to second. Gennett flied out to center. Suárez doubled to deep center, Peraza scored, Votto to third. Schebler walked. Duvall doubled to deep left center, Votto, Suárez and Schebler scored. Bailey reached on infield single to shortstop, Duvall tagged out at home. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Goldschmidt singled to left. Lamb singled to center, Goldschmidt to second. Stephens pitching for Reds. Descalso flied out to left. Murphy struck out swinging. Owings homered to left (373 feet), Goldschmidt and Lamb scored. Brito lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Salas pitching for Diamondbacks. Hamilton struck out swinging. Peraza flied out to center. Barnhart lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Stephens pitching for Reds. Ahmed singled to right center. Marte hit for Salas. Peralta pitching for Reds. Marte doubled to left, Ahmed scored, Marte to third advancing on throw. Dyson walked. Blandino at shortstop. Lorenzen pitching for Reds. Dyson stole second. Goldschmidt grounded out to third, Marte scored. Lamb grounded out to first, Dyson to third. Descalso walked. Descalso caught stealing second, catcher to second. Murphy batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Marte at second base. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Votto grounded out to second. Gennett singled to right. Suárez singled to center, Gennett to second. Schebler grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suárez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Lorenzen pitching for Reds. Murphy grounded out to first. Owings struck out looking. Brito grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Duvall grounded out to shortstop. Blandino flied out to right. Hamilton singled to left. Dixon hit for Lorenzen. Dixon reached on infield single to third, Hamilton to second. Barnhart grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Rainey pitching for Reds. Ahmed flied out to right. Marte singled to right center. Dyson walked, Marte to second. Goldschmidt singled to right, Marte to third, Dyson to second. Lamb walked, Marte scored, Dyson to third, Goldschmidt to second. McFarland struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Marrero at third base. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Votto grounded out to pitcher. Gennett singled to right. Suárez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gennett out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 5 - Diamondbacks 12.	D-backs hit 3 HRs, offense erupts for 12-5 win over Reds