Reds - Top 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Blandino grounded out to pitcher. Barnhart struck out looking. Votto lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Romano pitching for Reds. Dyson singled to deep left center. Goldschmidt homered to right (349 feet), Dyson scored. Lamb flied out to left. Murphy doubled to right center. Peralta singled to right center, Murphy scored, Peralta to second advancing on throw. Marte grounded out to first, Peralta to third. Brito flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Suárez singled to right center. Duvall struck out swinging, Suárez to second on wild pitch by Corbin. Schebler grounded out to shortstop. Peraza flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Romano pitching for Reds. Ahmed lined out to left. Corbin struck out swinging. Dyson singled to center. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Romano struck out swinging. Hamilton flied out to right. Blandino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Romano pitching for Reds. Lamb lined out to center. Murphy homered to left (425 feet). Peralta flied out to center. Marte flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Barnhart singled to center. Votto singled to left, Barnhart to second. Suárez walked, Barnhart to third, Votto to second. Duvall homered to left center (441 feet), Barnhart, Votto and Suárez scored. Schebler struck out swinging. Peraza singled to center. Romano sacrificed to first, Peraza to second. Hamilton struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Romano pitching for Reds. Brito struck out swinging. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Corbin singled to left center. Dyson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Blandino flied out to right. Barnhart struck out swinging, Barnhart safe at first on wild pitch by Corbin. Votto grounded into double play, second to first, Barnhart out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Romano pitching for Reds. Goldschmidt popped out to second. Lamb grounded out to shortstop. Murphy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Suárez singled to right. Duvall struck out swinging. Schebler homered to right (433 feet), Suárez scored. Peraza singled to center. Romano struck out swinging, Peraza stole second. Hamilton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Peralta pitching for Reds. Peralta grounded out to second. Marte flied out to left. Owings hit for Brito. Owings singled to left. Ahmed lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Owings in right field. Salas pitching for Diamondbacks. Blandino struck out looking. Barnhart grounded out to first. Votto singled to left. Suárez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Votto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Marrero hit for Salas. Hughes pitching for Reds. Avila hit for Marrero. Avila singled to right center. Dyson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Avila out at second. Goldschmidt walked. Gennett at second base. Garrett pitching for Reds. Lamb flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Duvall safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb. Schebler singled to left, Duvall to second. Peraza fouled out to catcher. Gennett grounded into fielder's choice to second, Schebler out at second, Duvall to third. Hamilton lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Garrett pitching for Reds. Murphy singled to center. Peralta struck out swinging. Marte fouled out to first. Dixon at second base. Iglesias pitching for Reds. Owings reached on infield single to third, Murphy to second. Ahmed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Dixon grounded out to shortstop. Barnhart walked. Votto singled to left center, Barnhart to third. Suárez singled to left center, Barnhart scored, Votto to second. Duvall flied out to left. Schebler walked, Votto to third, Suárez to second. Peraza grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schebler out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Descalso hit for McFarland. Iglesias pitching for Reds. Descalso singled to right. Dyson singled to right, Descalso to second. Goldschmidt fouled out to catcher. Lamb lined out to left. Murphy popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 7 - Diamondbacks 4.	Duvall's slam helps Reds beat Diamondbacks 7-4