Rockies - Top 1st. DeSclafani pitching for Reds. LeMahieu singled to center. Blackmon tripled to right, LeMahieu scored. Arenado walked. González reached on infield single to first, Blackmon scored, Arenado to second. Story fouled out to first. Parra flied into double play, left to second, Arenado doubled off second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Winker struck out swinging. Barnhart grounded out to shortstop. Votto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. DeSclafani pitching for Reds. Desmond singled to left. Iannetta homered to right (360 feet), Desmond scored. Freeland lined out to center. LeMahieu struck out looking. Blackmon fouled out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Suárez grounded out to shortstop. Gennett popped out to second. Duvall singled to center. Schebler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. DeSclafani pitching for Reds. Arenado struck out swinging. González grounded out to second. Story struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Peraza flied out to left. DeSclafani grounded out to third. Winker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. DeSclafani pitching for Reds. Parra reached on bunt single to third. Parra caught stealing second, catcher to second. Desmond grounded out to first. Iannetta grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Barnhart singled to right, Barnhart out stretching at second. Votto grounded out to second. Suárez singled to shallow right. Gennett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. DeSclafani pitching for Reds. Freeland struck out swinging. LeMahieu flied out to center. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Duvall flied out to center. Schebler homered to right (424 feet). Peraza grounded out to second. Dixon hit for DeSclafani. Dixon struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Brice pitching for Reds. Arenado singled to center. González singled to left, Arenado to second. Story lined out to right. Parra singled to right center, Arenado scored, González to second. Desmond grounded out to shortstop, González to third, Parra to second. Iannetta intentionally walked. Freeland walked, González scored, Parra to third, Iannetta to second. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freeland out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Winker singled to center. Barnhart flied out to center. Votto singled to left, Winker to second. Suárez struck out swinging. Gennett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Peralta pitching for Reds. Blackmon singled to center. Arenado walked, Blackmon to second. González homered to center (473 feet), Blackmon and Arenado scored. Story flied out to center. Parra struck out swinging. Desmond grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Duvall flied out to center. Schebler singled to right center. Peraza singled to center, Schebler to second. Blandino hit for Peralta. Blandino struck out swinging. Winker walked, Schebler to third, Peraza to second. Barnhart singled to left, Schebler and Peraza scored, Winker to second. Dunn pitching for Rockies. Votto singled to left, Winker thrown out at home, Barnhart to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Floro pitching for Reds. Iannetta grounded out to first. Tauchman hit for Dunn. Tauchman walked. LeMahieu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tauchman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Suárez reached on infield single to third. Gennett singled to center, Suárez to second. Duvall struck out swinging. Schebler struck out swinging. Peraza fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Garrett pitching for Reds. Blackmon singled to center. Arenado popped out to shortstop. González struck out looking. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 9th. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Casali hit for Garrett. Casali doubled to deep center. Casali to third on wild pitch by Shaw. Winker grounded out to first, Casali scored. Barnhart singled to left. Votto singled to left, Barnhart to second. Suárez flied out to center. Gennett singled to right, Barnhart scored, Votto to third. Duvall singled to right, Votto scored, Gennett to third. Davis pitching for Rockies. Duvall to second on fielder's indifference. Schebler struck out looking. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 9 - Reds 6.	Homers by Iannetta, Gonzalez send Rockies over Reds 9-6