Reds - Top 1st. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Schebler struck out swinging. Peraza singled to deep left. Votto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Peraza out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Castillo pitching for Reds. Carpenter homered to right (357 feet). Wong grounded out to third. Molina struck out swinging. Ozuna grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Gennett struck out swinging. Suárez struck out looking. Winker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Gyorko flied out to center. Fowler grounded out to second. DeJong lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Casali fouled out to first. Castillo struck out swinging. Hamilton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Pham grounded out to pitcher. Flaherty singled to center. Carpenter popped into double play, second to first, Flaherty doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Schebler grounded out to first. Peraza singled to shallow right center. Votto walked, Peraza to second. Gennett walked, Peraza to third, Votto to second. Suárez struck out swinging. Winker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Castillo pitching for Reds. Wong doubled to deep right. Molina grounded out to second, Wong to third. Ozuna grounded out to catcher, Wong scored. Gyorko struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Casali walked. Castillo bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Casali out at second. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castillo out at second. Schebler safe at first on error by shortstop DeJong, Hamilton to second. Peraza fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Castillo pitching for Reds. Fowler singled to shallow right. DeJong hit ground rule double to deep left, Fowler to third. Pham grounded into double play, third to first, Fowler out at home. Flaherty lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Mayers pitching for Cardinals. Votto doubled to deep center. Gennett doubled to left center, Votto scored. Suárez grounded out to shortstop, Gennett to third. Winker intentionally walked. Gennett caught stealing home, catcher to third to pitcher, Winker to third on runner's fielder's choice. Casali grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Crockett pitching for Reds. Carpenter doubled to deep right. Wong bunt grounded out to catcher. Brice pitching for Reds. Molina flied out to right, Carpenter to third. Duvall in left field. Winker in right field. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Bader in left field. Hicks pitching for Cardinals. Herrera hit for Brice. Herrera hit by pitch. Hamilton walked, Herrera to second. Duvall singled to right, Herrera to third, Hamilton to second. Peraza reached on infield single to pitcher, Herrera scored, Hamilton to third, Duvall to second. Votto struck out looking. Gennett singled to right, Hamilton scored, Duvall to third, Peraza to second. Suárez singled to left center, Duvall and Peraza scored, Gennett to second. Holland pitching for Cardinals. Winker fouled out to catcher. Casali popped out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Reds. Gyorko grounded out to third. Fowler reached on infield single to pitcher. DeJong popped out to first. Pham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Blandino hit for Hernandez. Holland pitching for Cardinals. Blandino singled to right. Hamilton singled to right center, Blandino to second. Duvall struck out swinging. Peraza singled to left, Blandino to third, Hamilton to second. Lyons pitching for Cardinals. Votto singled to center, Blandino and Hamilton scored, Peraza to second. Gennett struck out swinging. Gregerson pitching for Cardinals. Suárez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Blandino at second base. Garrett pitching for Reds. Bader struck out swinging. Carpenter lined out to right. Wong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Norris pitching for Cardinals. Winker reached on infield single to second. Casali struck out swinging. Winker to second on wild pitch by Norris. Blandino hit by pitch. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blandino out at second, Winker to third. Hamilton safe at first on throwing error by Norris. Duvall hit by pitch, Hamilton to second. Peraza reached on infield single to shortstop, Winker scored, Hamilton to third, Duvall to second. Cecil pitching for Cardinals. Votto grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Barnhart at first base. Lorenzen pitching for Reds. Molina singled to left. Martínez hit for Cecil. Martínez struck out looking. Gyorko singled to shallow center, Molina to second. Fowler struck out swinging. DeJong grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina out at third, Gyorko to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 8 - Cardinals 2.	Peraza's 5 hits lead Reds past Cardinals, 8-2