Reds - Top 1st. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Peraza struck out swinging. Gennett flied out to right. Votto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Romano pitching for Reds. Jones lined out to center. Castellanos struck out swinging. Goodrum doubled to deep right. Martínez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Suárez grounded out to third. Williams reached on infield single to pitcher. Ervin singled to center, Williams to third. Tucker lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Romano pitching for Reds. Candelario singled to right. Hicks flied out to center. Adduci singled to right, Candelario to third. Iglesias doubled to left, Candelario and Adduci scored, Iglesias to third on throwing error by third baseman Suárez. Reyes struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 3rd. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Casali flied out to left. Hamilton singled to center. Hamilton stole second. Peraza struck out swinging. Gennett grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Romano pitching for Reds. Castellanos popped out to second. Goodrum flied out to right. Martínez singled to left. Candelario lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Votto singled to left center. Suárez singled to center, Votto to second. Williams grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suárez out at second, Votto to third. Ervin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Romano pitching for Reds. Hicks struck out swinging. Adduci homered to right (424 feet). Iglesias flied out to center. Reyes reached on bunt single to first. Reyes stole second. Jones grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Tucker grounded out to second. Casali struck out swinging. Hamilton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Romano pitching for Reds. Castellanos grounded out to third. Goodrum flied out to left. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Peraza grounded out to shortstop. Gennett flied out to left. Votto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Romano pitching for Reds. Candelario flied out to center. Hicks singled to left. Peralta pitching for Reds. Rodríguez hit for Adduci. Rodríguez doubled to deep left, Hicks scored, Rodríguez to third advancing on throw. Lorenzen pitching for Reds. Iglesias singled to right, Rodríguez scored. Reyes flied out to left. Jones singled to left center, Iglesias to third, Iglesias scored, Jones to second on throwing error by left fielder Ervin. Castellanos struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 7th. Rodríguez at first base. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Suárez singled to center. Williams singled to right, Suárez to second. Ervin singled to shallow center, Suárez to third, Williams to second. Tucker singled to center, Suárez scored, Williams to third, Ervin to second. Casali doubled to left, Williams and Ervin scored, Tucker to third. Coleman pitching for Tigers. Hamilton singled to right, Tucker scored, Casali to third. Peraza grounded into double play, pitcher to first to catcher, Casali out at home, Hamilton to second. Gennett struck out looking. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Garrett pitching for Reds. Goodrum singled to right. Martínez popped out to second. Goodrum stole second. Candelario walked. Hernandez pitching for Reds. Hicks grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Candelario out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Jiménez pitching for Tigers. Votto walked. Suárez hit into fielder's choice to center, Votto out at second. Williams struck out swinging. Ervin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Reds. Rodríguez singled to left. Iglesias sacrificed to pitcher, Rodríguez to second. Reyes flied out to left, Rodríguez to third. Jones singled to right, Rodríguez scored. Castellanos lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Greene pitching for Tigers. Tucker grounded out to first. Casali walked. Hamilton struck out swinging. Peraza lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 4 - Tigers 7.	After Fiers gets hurt, Iglesias leads Tigers over Reds 7-4