Reds - Top 1st. Syndergaard pitching for Mets. Peraza flied out to right. Votto singled to left. Gennett grounded into fielder's choice, shortstop to second, Votto out at second. Su치rez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Bailey pitching for Reds. Rosario singled to left center. McNeil singled to right, Rosario to third. Flores singled to shallow right, Rosario scored, McNeil to third. Conforto struck out swinging. Frazier singled to right, McNeil scored, Flores to second. Nimmo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Frazier out at second, Flores to third. Jackson singled to left, Flores scored, Nimmo to third. Plawecki grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Syndergaard pitching for Mets. Williams struck out swinging. Barnhart flied out to left. Tucker singled to center. Bailey grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Bailey pitching for Reds. Syndergaard struck out swinging. Rosario lined out to shortstop. McNeil grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Syndergaard pitching for Mets. Hamilton grounded out to second. Peraza grounded out to shortstop. Votto singled to center. Gennett walked, Votto to second. Su치rez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Bailey pitching for Reds. Flores singled to left. Conforto singled to deep right, Flores to second. Frazier flied out to center, Flores to third, Conforto to second. Nimmo grounded into fielder's choice to first, Flores out at home, Conforto to third. Jackson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Syndergaard pitching for Mets. Williams lined out to center. Barnhart grounded out to second. Tucker flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Plawecki homered to left (393 feet). Syndergaard singled to center. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to third, Syndergaard out at second. McNeil singled to right, Rosario to third. Flores singled to left, Rosario scored, McNeil to second. Peralta pitching for Reds. Conforto grounded into fielder's choice to first, Flores out at second, McNeil to third. Frazier flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Lorenzen hit for Peralta. Syndergaard pitching for Mets. Lorenzen struck out swinging. Hamilton lined out to center. Peraza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Mella pitching for Reds. Nimmo grounded out to second. Jackson singled to right center. Plawecki grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Syndergaard pitching for Mets. Votto struck out swinging. Gennett singled to center. Su치rez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gennett out at second. Williams lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Mella pitching for Reds. Syndergaard struck out swinging. Rosario struck out swinging. McNeil homered to right (399 feet). Flores hit by pitch. Conforto singled to left, Flores to second. Frazier flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Syndergaard pitching for Mets. Barnhart grounded out to second. Tucker hit by pitch. Ervin hit for Mella. Ervin hit by pitch, Tucker to second. Hamilton singled to right, Tucker to third, Ervin to second. Peraza singled to deep center, Tucker scored, Ervin to third, Hamilton to second. Wahl pitching for Mets. Votto walked, Ervin scored, Hamilton to third, Peraza to second. Gennett struck out swinging. Guillorme at third base. Gsellman pitching for Mets. Su치rez singled to left, Hamilton and Peraza scored, Votto to second. Williams struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Ervin in left field. Hughes pitching for Reds. Nimmo grounded out to second. Jackson singled to right. Plawecki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Gsellman pitching for Mets. Barnhart lined out to center. Herrera hit for Hughes. Herrera struck out swinging. Ervin flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Iglesias pitching for Reds. Guillorme singled to right. Rosario struck out swinging. McNeil sacrificed to pitcher, Guillorme to second. Flores flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Blevins pitching for Mets. Hamilton popped out to third. Peraza popped out to second. Votto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 4 - Mets 6.	McNeil homers, gets 3 hits as Syndergaard, Mets top Reds 6-4