Rays - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Iwamura grounded out to pitcher. Upton flied out to right. Pena safe at first on error by first baseman Swisher. Baldelli homered to left, Pena scored. Aybar flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Cabrera singled to center. Pierzynski singled to left, Cabrera to second. Quentin grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pierzynski out at second, Cabrera to third. Dye popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Zobrist singled to right. Riggans grounded out to pitcher, Zobrist to second. Gross lined out to shortstop. Bartlett struck out swinging, Bartlett safe at first on wild pitch by Buehrle, Zobrist to third. Iwamura singled to left, Zobrist scored, Bartlett to second. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Iwamura out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Thome singled to center. Ramirez struck out swinging. Griffey Jr grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Thome out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Pena struck out swinging. Baldelli grounded out to third. Aybar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Swisher fouled out to third. Uribe lined out to third. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Zobrist grounded out to third. Riggans walked. Gross grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Riggans out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Pierzynski singled to right. Quentin homered to center, Pierzynski scored. Dye doubled to deep center. Thome homered to right, Dye scored. Ramirez grounded out to third. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. Swisher flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Bartlett grounded out to shortstop. Iwamura grounded out to first. Upton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Uribe grounded out to second. Cabrera doubled to right. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop, Cabrera to third. Quentin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Pena reached on bunt single to pitcher. Baldelli hit ground rule double to right, Pena to third. Aybar safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera, Pena scored, Baldelli to third. Zobrist grounded into fielder's choice to third, Baldelli out at home, Aybar to second. Riggans flied out to left. Gross struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Dye grounded out to shortstop. Thome singled to center. Ramirez flied out to left. Griffey Jr flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Bartlett walked. Iwamura flied out to left. Upton struck out swinging. Pena doubled to deep center, Bartlett scored. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Baldelli struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Swisher walked. Uribe popped out to shortstop. Howell pitching for Rays. Cabrera popped out to second. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Aybar grounded out to second. Zobrist struck out looking. Riggans grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Balfour pitching for Rays. Quentin flied out to left. Dye flied out to right. Thome flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Gross grounded out to first. Bartlett struck out swinging. Iwamura singled to center. Upton hit ground rule double to deep right, Iwamura to third. Pena intentionally walked. Baldelli grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pena out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Wheeler pitching for Rays. Ramirez bunt popped out to pitcher. Griffey Jr doubled to right. Anderson ran for Griffey Jr. Swisher struck out swinging. Konerko hit for Uribe. Konerko singled to left, Anderson scored. Getz ran for Konerko. Getz stole second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 10th. Ramirez at third base. Anderson in center field. Getz at second base. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Aybar grounded out to second. Zobrist struck out looking. Riggans grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 10th. Hammel pitching for Rays. Pierzynski singled to center. Quentin flied out to center, Pierzynski to second. Dye grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierzynski to third on error by third baseman Aybar. Thome intentionally walked, Dye to second. Ramirez singled to right, Pierzynski scored, Dye to third, Thome to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Rays 5 - White Sox 6.	Crazy play helps ChiSox beat Rays in 10