Orioles - Top 1st. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Roberts singled to center. Payton homered to left, Roberts scored. Markakis singled to center. Huff grounded out to shortstop, Markakis to second. Hernandez singled to center, Markakis thrown out at home. Scott fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Waters pitching for Orioles. Iwamura struck out swinging. Upton lined out to right. Pena walked. Baldelli walked, Pena to second. Aybar walked, Pena to third, Baldelli to second. Zobrist walked, Pena scored, Baldelli to third, Aybar to second. Navarro flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Millar flied out to right. Montanez flied out to right. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Waters pitching for Orioles. Ruggiano lined out to right. Bartlett singled to center. Iwamura doubled to deep left, Bartlett to third. Upton doubled to deep left center, Bartlett and Iwamura scored. Pena grounded out to second, Upton to third. Baldelli grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Roberts walked. Payton struck out swinging. Markakis hit ground rule double to deep right, Roberts to third. Huff homered to right, Roberts and Markakis scored. Hernandez hit by pitch. Scott grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hernandez out at second. Millar flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Waters pitching for Orioles. Aybar reached on bunt single to pitcher. Zobrist flied out to center. Navarro fouled out to first. Ruggiano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Montanez singled to left. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Montanez safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Aybar. Roberts hit sacrifice fly to center, Montanez scored. Howell pitching for Rays. Payton flied out to left. Markakis struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Bottom 4th. Waters pitching for Orioles. Bartlett fouled out to first. Iwamura doubled to right center. Upton grounded out to third. Pena grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Howell pitching for Rays. Huff doubled to left. Hernandez singled to right, Huff scored. Scott struck out swinging. Millar grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hernandez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Waters pitching for Orioles. Baldelli singled to right. Aybar singled to left, Baldelli to second. Zobrist grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aybar out at second, Baldelli to third. Navarro doubled to deep left, Baldelli scored, Zobrist to third. Cormier pitching for Orioles. Gross hit for Ruggiano. Gross grounded out to shortstop, Zobrist scored. Bartlett singled to center, Navarro thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Gross in right field. Howell pitching for Rays. Montanez struck out swinging. Castro struck out looking. Roberts grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Cormier pitching for Orioles. Iwamura walked. Upton hit ground rule double to deep right, Iwamura to third. Sarfate pitching for Orioles. Pena doubled to deep center, Iwamura and Upton scored. Pena to third on wild pitch by Sarfate. Baldelli hit by pitch. Aybar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pena scored, Baldelli out at second. Zobrist walked. Navarro struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Rays. Payton singled to center. Markakis singled to center, Payton to third. Huff struck out swinging. Bradford pitching for Rays. Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to center, Payton scored, Markakis to second. Scott grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Sarfate pitching for Orioles. Gross struck out swinging. Bartlett flied out to left. Iwamura singled to center. Upton hit by pitch, Iwamura to second. Castillo pitching for Orioles. Pena walked, Iwamura to third, Upton to second. Baldelli hit by pitch, Iwamura scored, Upton to third, Pena to second. Aybar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Bradford pitching for Rays. Millar flied out to center. Montanez grounded out to third. Cintron hit for Castro. Cintron flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Cintron at shortstop. Cherry pitching for Orioles. Zobrist popped out to third. Navarro walked. Gross safe at first on error by pitcher Cherry, Navarro to second. Bartlett lined out to right. Iwamura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 9th. Wheeler pitching for Rays. Roberts struck out swinging. Payton struck out swinging. Markakis homered to right. Huff lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 9th. Cherry pitching for Orioles. Upton struck out looking. Pena walked. Baldelli doubled to deep left, Pena scored. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 9 - Rays 10.	Baldelli's walk-off double caps Rays' rally