Yankees - Top 1st. Santiago pitching for Angels. Ellsbury walked. Jeter safe at first on error by right fielder Cowgill, Ellsbury to third. Beltran walked, Jeter to second. Teixeira doubled to left, Ellsbury and Jeter scored, Beltran to third. Soriano struck out swinging. Solarte hit sacrifice fly to center, Beltran scored. Gardner reached on infield single to pitcher, Teixeira scored, Gardner to second on throwing error by pitcher Santiago. Gardner to third on wild pitch by Santiago. Roberts singled to right, Gardner scored. Roberts caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Murphy batting. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Nuno pitching for Yankees. Cowgill flied out to right. Trout flied out to center. Pujols grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Santiago pitching for Angels. Murphy fouled out to first. Ellsbury flied out to center. Jeter homered to left (394 feet). Beltran flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Nuno pitching for Yankees. Kendrick singled to left. Cron singled to center, Kendrick to third. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendrick scored, Cron out at second. Iannetta flied out to center. Green singled to left, Aybar to second. McDonald walked, Aybar to third, Green to second. Cowgill fouled out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Santiago pitching for Angels. Teixeira walked. Soriano struck out looking. Solarte singled to center, Teixeira to second. Morin pitching for Angels. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Solarte out at second, Teixeira to third. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Nuno pitching for Yankees. Trout grounded out to third. Pujols struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Morin pitching for Angels. Murphy singled to right. Ellsbury doubled to left, Murphy to third. Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to first, Murphy out at home, Ellsbury to third, Jeter to second. Teixeira grounded into double play, first to catcher to first, Jeter out at third. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Nuno pitching for Yankees. Cron struck out swinging. Aybar fouled out to third. Iannetta popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Soriano flied out to right. Solarte grounded out to third. Gardner walked. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Nuno pitching for Yankees. Green popped out to second. McDonald flied out to center. Cowgill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Kohn pitching for Angels. Murphy struck out swinging. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Jeter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Nuno pitching for Yankees. Trout flied out to center. Pujols fouled out to first. Kendrick flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Kohn pitching for Angels. Beltran popped out to shortstop. Teixeira lined out to first. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Nuno pitching for Yankees. Cron doubled to deep left center. Aybar flied out to left. Betances pitching for Yankees. Iannetta struck out swinging. Green walked. Ibanez hit for McDonald. Ibanez reached on infield single to second, Cron to third, Green to second. Cowgill lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Green at third base. Ibanez in left field. Maronde pitching for Angels. Solarte doubled to left. Gardner singled to right, Solarte to third. Roberts walked, Gardner to second. Rasmus pitching for Angels. Murphy singled to left, Solarte and Gardner scored, Roberts to second. Ellsbury reached on infield single to second, Roberts to third, Murphy to second. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Roberts out at home, Murphy to third, Ellsbury to second. Beltran hit sacrifice fly to right, Murphy scored, Ellsbury to third. Teixeira grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Suzuki in right field. Betances pitching for Yankees. Trout walked. Pujols struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded out to pitcher, Trout to second. Cron doubled to center, Trout scored. Aybar lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Stewart at first base. Rasmus pitching for Angels. Soriano struck out swinging. Solarte grounded out to second. Gardner popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Ryan at shortstop. Claiborne pitching for Yankees. Iannetta fouled out to right. Green flied out to center. Ibanez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 9 - Angels 2.	Jeter ends HR drought in Yanks' rout