Yankees - Top 1st. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Gardner lined out to center. Roberts flied out to left. Ellsbury singled to shallow center. McCann lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Carpenter struck out swinging. Wong lined out to right. Holliday grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Murphy grounded out to third. Suzuki popped out to shortstop. Ryan singled to center. Johnson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Craig lined out to center. Molina hit ground rule double to deep left. Jay safe at first on error by shortstop Ryan, Molina to third. Bourjos grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina out at home, Jay to second. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 3rd. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Kuroda grounded out to first. Gardner walked. Roberts singled to center, Gardner to second. Ellsbury singled to right center, Gardner scored, Roberts to third. Ellsbury stole second. McCann walked. Murphy singled to center, Roberts and Ellsbury scored, McCann to third. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCann scored, Murphy out at second. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Miller flied out to center. Carpenter grounded out to first. Wong singled to right center. Holliday singled to center, Wong to second. Wong to third on passed ball by Murphy. Craig hit by pitch, Holliday to second. Molina popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Johnson singled to shallow center. Kuroda bunt popped out foul to catcher. Gardner flied out to center. Roberts doubled to center, Johnson to third. Ellsbury singled to center, Johnson and Roberts scored. Ellsbury stole second. McCann singled to right, Ellsbury scored. McCann to second on wild pitch by Miller. Murphy grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Jay reached on infield single to shortstop. Bourjos grounded out to third, Jay to second. Descalso singled to left center, Jay scored. Miller sacrificed to catcher, Descalso to second. Carpenter struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Suzuki popped out to shortstop. Ryan flied out to left. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Wong doubled to deep right. Holliday grounded out to second, Wong to third. Craig grounded out to second, Wong scored. Molina singled to right center. Jay flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Kuroda grounded out to second. Gardner grounded out to second. Roberts walked. Ellsbury flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Bourjos popped out to second. Descalso singled to center. Peralta hit for Freeman. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Descalso out at second. Carpenter doubled to deep center, Peralta scored. Thornton pitching for Yankees. Wong reached on infield single to third, Carpenter to third. Betances pitching for Yankees. Holliday lined out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Maness pitching for Cardinals. McCann flied out to center. Murphy struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Warren pitching for Yankees. Almonte in right field. Craig flied out to right. Molina walked. Jay grounded out to second, Molina to second. Molina to third on wild pitch by Warren. Bourjos lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Ryan singled to center. Johnson singled to left, Ryan to second. Almonte safe at first on error by pitcher Maness, Ryan to third, Johnson to second. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Gardner struck out swinging. Roberts grounded into double play, third to second to first, Almonte out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Warren pitching for Yankees. Descalso grounded out to third. Ellis hit for Choate. Ellis flied out to left. Carpenter doubled to left. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Solarte at second base. Wong singled to center, Carpenter scored. Holliday struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Ellsbury lined out to center. McCann reached on infield single to shortstop. Murphy struck out swinging. Solarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Craig singled to left. Molina walked, Craig to second. Jay struck out swinging. Adams hit for Bourjos. Adams struck out swinging. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 7 - Cardinals 4.	Yankees beat Cardinals 7-4, take series