Athletics - Top 1st. Nuno pitching for Yankees. Gentry grounded out to shortstop. Lowrie struck out swinging. Donaldson reached on infield single to third. Cespedes singled to left, Donaldson to second. Norris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Gardner flied out to center. Jeter grounded out to second. Ellsbury singled to left. Teixeira grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Nuno pitching for Yankees. Moss struck out swinging. Blanks grounded out to shortstop. Callaspo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. McCann flied out to left. Solarte grounded out to first. Roberts flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Nuno pitching for Yankees. Punto struck out looking. Gentry grounded out to second. Lowrie singled to center. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lowrie out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Suzuki walked. Murphy struck out swinging. Gardner singled to center, Suzuki to third. Gardner stole second. Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki scored. Ellsbury homered to right center (396 feet), Gardner and Jeter scored. Teixeira singled to left center. McCann flied out to left. Solarte popped out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Nuno pitching for Yankees. Cespedes homered to center (422 feet). Norris singled to left. Moss struck out swinging. Blanks grounded into double play, third to second to first, Norris out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Roberts flied out to center. Suzuki singled to center. Murphy struck out swinging. Gardner singled to left, Suzuki to second. Jeter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Nuno pitching for Yankees. Callaspo walked. Punto singled to center, Callaspo to second. Gentry grounded out to first, Callaspo to third, Punto to second. Lowrie hit sacrifice fly to right, Callaspo scored, Punto to third. Daley pitching for Yankees. Donaldson flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Ellsbury lined out to right. Teixeira struck out swinging. McCann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Daley pitching for Yankees. Cespedes homered to right (335 feet). Norris safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Jeter. Thornton pitching for Yankees. Moss singled to center, Norris to second. Blanks walked, Norris to third, Moss to second. Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to left, Norris scored, Moss to third. Punto struck out swinging. Gentry grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Solarte flied out to left. Roberts walked. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Roberts out at second. Suzuki stole second, Suzuki safe at third on throwing error by catcher Norris. Murphy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Lowrie flied out to right. Donaldson homered to left (403 feet). Cespedes struck out swinging. Norris grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Abad pitching for Athletics. Gardner grounded out to shortstop. Jeter safe at first on error by shortstop Lowrie. Ellsbury singled to center, Jeter to second. Otero pitching for Athletics. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ellsbury out at second, Jeter to third. McCann grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 8th. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Moss flied out to center. Blanks doubled to deep left. Callaspo struck out swinging. Punto walked. Gentry flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Solarte singled to center. Roberts flied out to left. Suzuki struck out looking. Johnson hit for Murphy. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. McCann catching. LeBlanc pitching for Yankees. Lowrie singled to right. Donaldson reached on infield single to shortstop, Lowrie to second. Cespedes grounded out to first, Lowrie to third, Donaldson to second. Norris intentionally walked. Moss hit by pitch, Lowrie scored, Donaldson to third, Norris to second. Blanks hit sacrifice fly to center, Donaldson scored. Callaspo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moss out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Gardner grounded out to pitcher. Jeter flied out to right. Ellsbury grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - Yankees 4.	Cespedes homers twice, A's rally past Yankees 7-4