Yankees - Top 1st. Gray pitching for Athletics. Gardner singled to right. Jeter singled to left, Gardner to second. Ellsbury singled to left, Gardner scored, Jeter to third, Ellsbury to second advancing on throw. Teixeira hit sacrifice fly to center, Jeter scored, Ellsbury to third. McCann grounded out to third. Beltran grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Phelps pitching for Yankees. Crisp flied out to center. Jaso grounded out to first. Donaldson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Gray pitching for Athletics. Suzuki struck out swinging. Roberts reached on infield single to shortstop. Johnson walked, Roberts to second. Gardner singled to left center, Roberts scored, Johnson to second. Jeter singled to center, Johnson to third, Gardner to second. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to first, Johnson out at home, Gardner to third, Jeter to second. Teixeira flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Phelps pitching for Yankees. Moss struck out looking. Cespedes grounded out to third. Lowrie flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Gray pitching for Athletics. McCann flied out to left. Beltran grounded out to first. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Phelps pitching for Yankees. Norris popped out to first. Parrino struck out swinging. Blanks struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Roberts struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to second. Gardner popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Phelps pitching for Yankees. Crisp lined out to left. Jaso walked. Donaldson lined out to right. Moss lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Jeter grounded out to third. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Phelps pitching for Yankees. Cespedes grounded out to shortstop. Lowrie walked. Norris singled to shallow left, Lowrie to second. Parrino lined out to center. Blanks grounded into fielder's choice to third, Norris out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Gray pitching for Athletics. McCann struck out swinging. Beltran struck out swinging. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Phelps pitching for Yankees. Crisp walked. Jaso grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Crisp out at second. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Abad pitching for Athletics. Johnson struck out swinging. Gardner hit by pitch. Jeter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gardner out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Phelps pitching for Yankees. Moss fouled out to left. Cespedes struck out looking. Lowrie doubled to deep left. Betances pitching for Yankees. Norris fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Francis pitching for Athletics. Ellsbury struck out looking. Teixeira singled to left. McCann singled to right center, Teixeira to second. Beltran flied out to center, Teixeira to third. Suzuki reached on infield single to third, Teixeira scored, McCann to second. Roberts singled to right, McCann scored, Suzuki to second, Suzuki scored, Roberts to second on error by catcher Norris. Johnson singled to center, Roberts scored. Gardner lined out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Betances pitching for Yankees. Parrino flied out to left. Blanks struck out swinging. Crisp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Athletics. Ryan hit for Jeter. Ryan hit by pitch. Ellsbury walked, Ryan to second. Teixeira grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ellsbury out at second, Ryan to third. McCann walked. Beltran lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Ryan at shortstop. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Jaso struck out swinging. Donaldson grounded out to second. Moss popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 7 - Athletics 0.	Phelps-led Yanks 2-hit Oakland