Yankees - Top 1st. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Gardner walked. Jeter singled to right, Gardner to second. Ellsbury flied out to center, Gardner to third. Teixeira singled to right, Gardner scored, Jeter to second. McCann doubled to deep right center, Jeter scored, Teixeira thrown out at home. Beltran grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Dozier flied out to center. Nunez grounded out to third. Parmelee grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Roberts singled to right. Suzuki singled to left center, Roberts to second. Johnson singled to right, Roberts to third, Suzuki to second. Gardner popped out to shortstop. Jeter hit sacrifice fly to center, Roberts scored, Suzuki to third. Ellsbury homered to right (386 feet), Suzuki and Johnson scored. Teixeira flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Willingham safe at first on error by third baseman Johnson. Arcia flied out to left. Suzuki lined out to center. Plouffe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Willingham out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 3rd. Swarzak pitching for Twins. McCann flied out to center. Beltran grounded out to second. Roberts flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Colabello doubled to deep right. Fuld struck out swinging. Dozier flied out to right, Colabello to third. Nunez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Suzuki singled to left. Johnson singled to center, Suzuki to second. Gardner flied out to center, Suzuki to third, Johnson to second. Jeter singled to right, Suzuki scored, Johnson to third. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to second, Johnson scored, Jeter out at second. Teixeira singled to right, Ellsbury to third. Ellsbury scored, Teixeira to second on balk by Swarzak. McCann flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Parmelee flied out to left. Willingham walked. Willingham to second on wild pitch by Kuroda. Arcia reached on infield single to pitcher, Willingham scored, Arcia to first on throwing error by pitcher Kuroda.O Arcia out at second. Suzuki doubled to deep right center. Plouffe doubled to deep right center, Suzuki scored. Colabello homered to left center (400 feet), Plouffe scored. Fuld singled to center. Dozier struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Beltran lined out to right. Roberts flied out to center. Suzuki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Nunez grounded out to third. Parmelee grounded out to third. Willingham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Johnson popped out to shortstop. Gardner walked. Jeter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gardner out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Kuroda pitching for Yankees. Arcia walked. Suzuki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arcia out at second. Plouffe singled to center. Warren pitching for Yankees. Colabello struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Ellsbury doubled to right. Teixeira grounded out to third, Ellsbury to third. McCann grounded out to first. Beltran lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Warren pitching for Yankees. Fuld grounded out to first. Dozier reached on infield single to third. Nunez singled to right, Dozier to third, Nunez to second advancing on throw. Parmelee grounded out to third, Dozier scored, Nunez to third. Willingham walked. Arcia struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Roberts grounded out to second. Suzuki singled to left. Johnson lined out to left. Gardner grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Wheeler at third base. Miller pitching for Yankees. Suzuki flied out to right. Plouffe homered to left center (404 feet). Colabello walked. Morales hit for Fuld. Morales grounded into double play, third to first, Colabello out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Parmelee in center field. Morales at first base. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Jeter singled to left. Ellsbury lined out to center. Teixeira flied out to right. McCann grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Dozier struck out looking. Nunez singled to left. Parmelee singled to right, Nunez to second. Willingham struck out looking. Arcia singled to right, Nunez scored, Parmelee to third. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arcia out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 9 - Twins 7.	Ellsbury, Yankees take huge lead, hold off Twins