Indians - Top 1st. Rogers pitching for Yankees. Kipnis doubled to deep left. Aviles grounded out to third. Brantley lined out to second. Santana singled to center, Kipnis scored. Murphy popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Bauer pitching for Indians. Gardner struck out swinging. Jeter safe at first on error by first baseman Santana. Ellsbury walked, Jeter to second. Beltran singled to right, Jeter scored, Ellsbury to second. McCann walked, Ellsbury to third, Beltran to second. Headley walked, Ellsbury scored, Beltran to third, McCann to second. Drew singled to center, Beltran scored, McCann to third, Headley to second. Prado reached on infield single to second, McCann scored, Headley to third, Drew to second, Headley scored on throwing error by second baseman Kipnis. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Prado out at second, Drew to third. Suzuki stole second. Gardner flied out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 2nd. Rogers pitching for Yankees. Swisher flied out to center. Dickerson flied out to left. Ramirez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Beltran grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Rogers pitching for Yankees. Perez singled to center. Kipnis struck out looking. Aviles lined out to center. Brantley walked, Perez to second. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Bauer pitching for Indians. McCann singled to right. Headley lined out to second. Drew popped out to second. Prado hit by pitch, McCann to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Rogers pitching for Yankees. Murphy grounded out to second. Swisher struck out swinging. Dickerson lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Gardner doubled to deep right. Jeter struck out swinging. Ellsbury walked. Hagadone pitching for Indians. Beltran flied out to center. McCann struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Yankees. Ramirez grounded out to second. Perez fouled out to first. Kipnis singled to center. Aviles lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Hagadone pitching for Indians. Headley popped out to third. Drew popped out to third. Axford pitching for Indians. Prado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Huff pitching for Yankees. Brantley doubled to left. Santana struck out swinging. Murphy singled to left, Brantley scored. Swisher singled to left, Murphy to second. Dickerson struck out looking. Kelley pitching for Yankees. Ramirez lined out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Axford pitching for Indians. Suzuki walked. Suzuki stole second. Gardner walked. Jeter sacrificed to pitcher, Suzuki to third, Gardner to second. Ellsbury intentionally walked. Beltran homered to right (374 feet), Suzuki, Gardner and Ellsbury scored. Rzepczynski pitching for Indians. Cervelli hit for McCann. Cervelli hit ground rule double to deep left. Headley hit by pitch. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to first, Headley out at second, Cervelli to third, Cervelli scored, Drew to second on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez. Shaw pitching for Indians. Prado lined out to center. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 7th. Cervelli catching. Kelley pitching for Yankees. Perez singled to center. Kipnis walked, Perez to second. Aviles singled to center, Perez to third, Kipnis to second. Brantley walked, Perez scored, Kipnis to third, Aviles to second. Warren pitching for Yankees. Santana doubled to deep right, Kipnis and Aviles scored, Brantley to third. Murphy hit sacrifice fly to left, Brantley scored. Swisher grounded out to first, Santana to third. Dickerson struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Suzuki singled to right. Gardner flied out to center. Jeter flied out to right. Ellsbury struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Warren pitching for Yankees. Ramirez walked. Perez struck out swinging. Hill pitching for Yankees. Kipnis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Beltran grounded out to second. Cervelli doubled to deep right center. Allen pitching for Indians. Headley grounded out to first, Cervelli to third. Drew flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Betances pitching for Yankees. Aviles struck out swinging. Brantley grounded out to first. Santana singled to center. Murphy singled to right, Santana to third. Murphy to second on fielder's indifference. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 6 - Yankees 10.	Jeter ties for 6th on hits list