Yankees - Top 1st. Price pitching for Tigers. Ellsbury singled to right. Ellsbury stole second. Jeter struck out looking. Prado walked. Teixeira struck out looking. Beltran struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Greene pitching for Yankees. Kinsler walked. Hunter popped out to second. Cabrera flied out to left. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Price pitching for Tigers. McCann singled to right. Headley singled to right, McCann to second. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Headley out at second, McCann to third. Cervelli grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gardner out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Greene pitching for Yankees. Martinez struck out looking. Castellanos grounded out to shortstop. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Price pitching for Tigers. Ellsbury singled to right. Ellsbury stole second. Jeter doubled to right, Ellsbury scored. Prado singled to left, Jeter to third. Teixeira doubled to deep right, Jeter scored, Prado to third. Beltran singled to deep right, Prado scored, Teixeira to third. McCann singled to center, Teixeira scored, Beltran to second. Headley singled to left, Beltran to third, McCann to second. Gardner reached on infield single to shortstop, Beltran scored, McCann to third, Headley to second. Cervelli singled to left, McCann scored, Headley to third, Gardner to second. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Ellsbury hit sacrifice fly to left, Headley scored, Gardner to third, Cervelli to second. Jeter hit sacrifice fly to center, Gardner scored. Prado grounded out to third. 8 Runs, 9 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Greene pitching for Yankees. Suarez struck out swinging. Davis struck out swinging. Kinsler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop. Beltran grounded out to shortstop. McCann struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Greene pitching for Yankees. Hunter singled to center. Cabrera doubled to deep left, Hunter scored. Martinez grounded out to second, Cabrera to third. Martinez grounded out to third. Castellanos grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Headley lined out to center. Gardner lined out to right. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Greene pitching for Yankees. Avila singled to left. Suarez flied out to left. Davis struck out swinging. Kinsler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. McCoy pitching for Tigers. Ellsbury lined out to right. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Prado singled to right. Teixeira struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Greene pitching for Yankees. Hunter flied out to left. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Martinez homered to right (397 feet). Martinez singled to right. Castellanos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. McCoy pitching for Tigers. Beltran struck out looking. McCann grounded out to second. Headley walked. Gardner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Suzuki in right field. Greene pitching for Yankees. Avila safe at first on error by second baseman Prado. Suarez flied out to center. Davis hit by pitch, Avila to second. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop, Avila to third, Davis to second. Hunter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Carrera in center field. Cervelli struck out swinging. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Jeter walked. Prado lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Drew at shortstop. Warren pitching for Yankees. Cabrera popped out to second. Martinez walked. Martinez struck out swinging. Castellanos tripled to deep right, Martinez scored. Avila grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Teixeira struck out swinging. Suzuki reached on infield single to catcher. McCann grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Betances pitching for Yankees. Suarez flied out to right. Carrera grounded out to second. Kinsler singled to left. Kinsler to second on wild pitch by Betances. Hunter singled to left, Kinsler scored. Hunter to second on fielder's indifference. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 8 - Tigers 4.	Prolific Yanks chase Price in third