Yankees - Top 1st. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki flied out to center. Jeter struck out swinging. McCann grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Betts doubled to deep right center. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Nava reached on infield single to shortstop, Betts to third. Cespedes singled to left, Betts scored, Nava to second. Craig lined into double play, shortstop to second, Nava doubled off second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Headley doubled to deep center. Young flied out to left. Drew lined out to center. Pirela walked. Ryan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Cecchini struck out swinging. Castillo walked. Castillo stole second. Brentz grounded out to third. Vazquez singled to center, Castillo scored. Betts walked, Vazquez to second. Bogaerts singled to left, Vazquez to third, Betts to second. Nava reached on infield single to first, Vazquez and Betts scored, Bogaerts to second, Bogaerts to third on throwing error by first baseman Headley. Cespedes singled to center, Bogaerts scored, Nava to third. Claiborne pitching for Yankees. Craig safe at second on error by center fielder Perez, Nava and Cespedes scored. Cecchini doubled to deep left, Craig scored. Castillo singled to right, Cecchini scored. Brentz singled to center, Castillo to third. Vazquez walked, Brentz to second. Betts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vazquez out at second. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 2 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Perez grounded out to third. Suzuki grounded out to third. Jeter reached on infield single to third. McCann lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Romine catching. Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop. Nava hit by pitch. Cespedes grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Nava out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Headley struck out swinging. Young doubled to left. Drew walked. Pirela grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at third, Drew to second. Ryan grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Craig grounded out to shortstop. Cecchini doubled to deep left. Castillo reached on infield single to second into double play, second to third to catcher to third to first, Cecchini out at home, Castillo out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Perez popped out to second. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Cervelli hit for Jeter. Cervelli grounded into double play, third to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Brentz grounded out to third. Vazquez struck out swinging. Betts grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Romine grounded out to third. Headley flied out to center. Young lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Bogaerts doubled to left. Nava singled to center, Bogaerts scored, Nava to second on throwing error by center fielder Perez. Cespedes struck out swinging. Craig lined out to right. Cecchini struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Drew struck out swinging. Pirela tripled to deep center. Ryan hit sacrifice fly to left, Pirela scored. Perez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Whitley pitching for Yankees. Castillo singled to center. Brentz struck out swinging. Vazquez struck out swinging. Betts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki lined out to center. Cervelli reached on infield single to shortstop. Romine singled to right, Cervelli to second. Headley reached on infield single to second, Cervelli to third, Romine to second. Young singled to left, Cervelli scored, Romine to third, Headley to second. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Drew hit ground rule double to deep right, Romine and Headley scored, Young to third. De La Rosa pitching for Red Sox. Pirela struck out looking. Ryan flied out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Whitley pitching for Yankees. Bogaerts flied out to center. Nava flied out to center. Rivero hit for Cespedes. Rivero doubled to deep left. Craig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. De La Rosa pitching for Red Sox. Perez struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to left. Cervelli singled to deep left center, Suzuki to third. Romine struck out swinging. Cervelli to second on fielder's indifference. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 4 - Red Sox 10.	Jeter returns to lineup, Red Sox beat Yankees 10-4