Reds - Top 1st. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Hopper safe at first on error by third baseman Zimmerman. Keppinger sacrificed to pitcher, Hopper to second. Hopper caught stealing third, pitcher to shortstop to third. Griffey Jr grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Lopez doubled to deep left. Belliard grounded out to second, Lopez to third. Zimmerman walked. Young singled to center, Lopez scored, Zimmerman to second. Kearns doubled to deep left center, Zimmerman scored, Young to third. Church singled to right, Young and Kearns scored. Schneider flied out to right. Logan singled to center, Church to second. Lannan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Church out at third, Logan to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Dunn walked. Conine flied out to center. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dunn out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Lopez walked. Belliard doubled to deep right, Lopez scored, Belliard to third advancing on throw. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Young struck out swinging. Kearns homered to left, Belliard scored. Gosling pitching for Reds. Church struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Ross grounded out to third. Gosling struck out looking. Hopper flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Gosling pitching for Reds. Schneider struck out looking. Logan singled to right. Lannan bunted into double play, third to second to first, Logan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Keppinger singled to right center. Griffey Jr grounded into double play, first to third, Keppinger out at second. Phillips singled to right center. Phillips stole third. Dunn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Gosling pitching for Reds. Lopez grounded out to second. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman singled to center. Young singled to center, Zimmerman to second. Kearns grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Conine lined out to third. Encarnacion flied out to left. Ross grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Ramirez pitching for Reds. Bellhorn at third base. Church singled to right. Schneider grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Church out at second. Logan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Bellhorn singled to left. Hopper walked, Bellhorn to second. Keppinger flied out to center, Bellhorn to third. Griffey Jr singled to center, Bellhorn scored, Hopper to second. Phillips flied out to left. Dunn singled to center, Hopper scored, Griffey Jr to third. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Conine struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Ramirez pitching for Reds. Schroder popped out to shortstop. Lopez grounded out to second. Belliard walked. Zimmerman lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Freel hit for Ramirez. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Freel flied out to center. Ross safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman. Bellhorn popped out to shortstop. Hopper grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Stanton pitching for Reds. Young lined out to right. Kearns flied out to left. Church grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Fick at first base. Langerhans in left field. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Keppinger reached on infield single to first. King pitching for Nationals. Griffey Jr reached on infield single to first, Keppinger to second. Keppinger to third, Griffey Jr to second on wild pitch by King. Phillips struck out swinging. Dunn popped out to second. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Conine flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Coutlangus pitching for Reds. Schneider doubled to deep left. Logan struck out looking. Flores hit for Rauch. Flores struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Hatteberg hit for Coutlangus. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Valentin hit for Ross. Valentin popped out to second. Bellhorn walked. Hopper reached on infield single to pitcher, Bellhorn to second. Keppinger grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 2 - Nationals 7.	Lannan outduels Arroyo as Nats rough up Reds