Reds - Top 1st. Snell pitching for Pirates. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Hopper reached on infield single to shortstop. Griffey Jr singled to left, Hopper to second. Dunn walked, Hopper to third, Griffey Jr to second. Keppinger doubled to deep center, Hopper and Griffey Jr scored, Dunn to third. Valentin singled to right, Dunn scored, Keppinger to third. Encarnacion singled to left, Keppinger scored, Valentin to second. Gonzalez walked, Valentin to third, Encarnacion to second. Belisle grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Belisle pitching for Reds. McLouth lined out to second. Bautista grounded out to third. Sanchez singled to center. LaRoche flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Hatteberg singled to right. Hopper struck out looking. Griffey Jr walked, Hatteberg to second. Dunn lined out to center. Keppinger flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Belisle pitching for Reds. Bay struck out swinging. Doumit grounded out to first. Paulino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Valentin flied out to left. Encarnacion singled to left. Encarnacion to second on wild pitch by Snell. Gonzalez singled to center, Encarnacion scored. Belisle sacrificed to first, Gonzalez to second. Hatteberg grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Belisle pitching for Reds. Wilson singled to left. Snell sacrificed to catcher, Wilson to second. McLouth lined out to left. Bautista grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Hopper grounded out to shortstop. Griffey Jr flied out to left. Dunn homered to right. Keppinger grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Belisle pitching for Reds. Sanchez flied out to center. LaRoche doubled to deep center. Bay flied out to right. Doumit homered to right, LaRoche scored. Paulino singled to center. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Paulino out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Valentin singled to left, Valentin out stretching at second. Encarnacion safe at second on error by left fielder Bay. Gonzalez flied out to left. Belisle struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Izturis hit for Snell. Belisle pitching for Reds. Izturis reached on infield single to second. McLouth flied out to right. Bautista singled to center, Izturis to second. Sanchez walked, Izturis to third, Bautista to second. LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to left, Izturis scored. Bay fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Hatteberg struck out looking. Hopper reached on bunt single to first. Griffey Jr singled to center, Hopper to second. Dunn flied out to center, Hopper to third. Keppinger singled to center, Hopper scored, Griffey Jr to third. Valentin grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Belisle pitching for Reds. Doumit struck out swinging. Paulino grounded out to third. Wilson singled to left. Phelps hit for Grabow. Phelps singled to center, Wilson to second. McLouth grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Bayliss pitching for Pirates. Encarnacion popped out to third. Gonzalez singled to left. Bellhorn hit for Belisle. Bellhorn walked, Gonzalez to second. Hatteberg homered to right, Gonzalez and Bellhorn scored. Hopper grounded out to pitcher. Griffey Jr homered to right. Dunn struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Burton pitching for Reds. Bautista struck out looking. Sanchez struck out swinging. LaRoche grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Bayliss pitching for Pirates. Keppinger flied out to center. Valentin flied out to left. Encarnacion grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Stanton pitching for Reds. Bay flied out to right. Doumit grounded out to second. Paulino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Bayliss pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez homered to left. Conine hit for Stanton. Conine singled to center. Hatteberg walked, Conine to second. Hopper flied out to right. Griffey Jr popped out to third. Dunn singled to right, Conine scored, Hatteberg to second. Keppinger grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dunn out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Coutlangus pitching for Reds. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Castillo hit for Bayliss. Castillo singled to center. McLouth struck out swinging. Bautista doubled to deep left center, Castillo scored. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 13 - Pirates 4.	Reds snap skid, pound out 19 hits in rout of Pirates