Marlins - Top 1st. Belisle pitching for Reds. Ramirez flied out to right. Uggla struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Mitre pitching for Marlins. Hamilton singled to center. Keppinger struck out looking. Griffey Jr singled to center, Hamilton to third. Phillips singled to right center, Hamilton scored, Griffey Jr to second. Dunn grounded into fielder's choice to second, Phillips out at second, Griffey Jr to third. Hatteberg grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Belisle pitching for Reds. Jacobs singled to center. Willingham walked, Jacobs to second. Hermida grounded into double play, third to first, Jacobs out at third, Willingham to second. Olivo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Mitre pitching for Marlins. Valentin grounded out to first. Encarnacion walked. Belisle sacrificed to first, Encarnacion to second. Hamilton singled to right, Encarnacion scored. Keppinger singled to left center, Hamilton to second. Griffey Jr doubled to deep center, Hamilton and Keppinger scored, Griffey Jr to third advancing on throw. Phillips grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Belisle pitching for Reds. De Aza struck out looking. Mitre struck out looking. Ramirez doubled to deep center. Uggla walked. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Mitre pitching for Marlins. Dunn grounded out to first. Hatteberg walked. Valentin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hatteberg out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Belisle pitching for Reds. Jacobs flied out to center. Willingham grounded out to third. Hermida singled to center. Olivo hit by pitch, Hermida to second. De Aza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Mitre pitching for Marlins. Encarnacion popped out to shortstop. Belisle grounded out to second. Hamilton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Belisle pitching for Reds. Mitre grounded out to third. Ramirez doubled to left. Uggla struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Mitre pitching for Marlins. Keppinger singled to center. Griffey Jr homered to right, Keppinger scored. Phillips doubled to left. Dunn grounded out to first, Phillips to third. Hatteberg singled to right, Phillips scored. Valentin grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hatteberg out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Belisle pitching for Reds. Jacobs flied out to center. Willingham struck out swinging. Hermida homered to right center. Olivo fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Mitre pitching for Marlins. Encarnacion grounded out to second. Belisle grounded out to second. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Belisle pitching for Reds. De Aza grounded out to second. Linden hit for Mitre. Linden grounded out to first. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Kim pitching for Marlins. Keppinger singled to center. Griffey Jr flied out to left. Phillips walked, Keppinger to second. Dunn homered to center, Keppinger and Phillips scored. Hatteberg doubled to left. Valentin lined out to right. Encarnacion singled to center, Hatteberg scored. Belisle struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Reds. Uggla homered to right. Cabrera singled to left. Jacobs singled to right, Cabrera to second. Stanton pitching for Reds. Willingham doubled to left, Cabrera scored, Jacobs to third. Hermida singled to right, Jacobs scored, Willingham to third. Saarloos pitching for Reds. Olivo homered to left, Willingham and Hermida scored. De Aza grounded out to first. Ross hit for Kim. Ross popped out to first. Burton pitching for Reds. Ramirez flied out to center. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Hamilton singled to center. Keppinger grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Hamilton out at second. Griffey Jr popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Ellison in left field. Weathers pitching for Reds. Uggla lined out to third. Cabrera fouled out to catcher. Jacobs flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 7 - Reds 11.	Griffey stops home run slide in win over Marlins