Reds - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Hamilton struck out swinging. Keppinger grounded out to second. Griffey Jr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Dumatrait pitching for Reds. Eckstein flied out to left. Ankiel grounded out to pitcher. Pujols singled to center. Ludwick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Phillips flied out to right. Dunn singled to center. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Dunn safe at second on error by first baseman Pujols. Hatteberg flied out to right, Dunn to third. Ross doubled to deep center, Dunn scored, Gonzalez to third. Dumatrait grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Dumatrait pitching for Reds. Edmonds struck out looking. Molina homered to center. Cairo hit by pitch. Wainwright sacrificed to pitcher, Cairo to second. Ryan grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Hamilton grounded out to second. Keppinger walked. Griffey Jr singled to left, Keppinger to third. Phillips walked, Griffey Jr to second. Dunn singled to center, Keppinger scored, Griffey Jr to third, Phillips to second. Gonzalez flied out to right. Hatteberg grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Dumatrait pitching for Reds. Eckstein lined out to third. Ankiel reached on infield single to shortstop. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ankiel out at second, Pujols to second on error by first baseman Hatteberg. Ludwick lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ross lined out to shortstop. Dumatrait grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton singled to left. Keppinger flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Dumatrait pitching for Reds. Edmonds grounded out to first. Molina singled to left. Cairo grounded out to third, Molina to second. Wainwright popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. Phillips flied out to left. Dunn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Dumatrait pitching for Reds. Ryan reached on bunt single to third. Eckstein flied out to right. Ankiel singled to right, Ryan to third. Pujols walked, Ankiel to second. Ludwick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ryan scored, Pujols out at second, Ankiel to third. Edmonds doubled to deep left center, Ankiel and Ludwick scored. McBeth pitching for Reds. Edmonds to third on wild pitch by McBeth. Molina singled to center, Edmonds scored. Cairo flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez flied out to center. Hatteberg doubled to right. Ross struck out swinging. Cantu hit for McBeth. Cantu walked. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Miles at second base. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Gosling pitching for Reds. Miles lined out to right. Ryan singled to center. Eckstein grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ryan safe at third on error by shortstop Gonzalez. Ankiel doubled to center, Ryan and Eckstein scored. Pujols intentionally walked. Ludwick walked, Ankiel to third, Pujols to second. Edmonds singled to center, Ankiel scored, Pujols to third, Ludwick to second. Pujols scored, Ludwick to third, Edmonds to second on passed ball by Ross. Molina grounded out to second, Ludwick scored. Taguchi hit for Johnson. Taguchi grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 7th. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi in center field. Keppinger flied out to left. Griffey Jr singled to left center. Phillips grounded into double play, third to second to first, Griffey Jr out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Gosling pitching for Reds. Miles reached on infield single to second. Ryan doubled to right center, Miles to third. Eckstein flied out to right. Ankiel hit sacrifice fly to right, Miles scored, Ryan to third. Pujols grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Cavazos pitching for Cardinals. Dunn walked. Gonzalez doubled to right center, Dunn to third. Hatteberg hit sacrifice fly to center, Dunn scored. Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Cavazos. Ross popped out to second. Hopper hit for Gosling. Hopper grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Ellison in right field. Coutlangus pitching for Reds. Ludwick struck out looking. Bennett hit for Cavazos. Bennett grounded out to third. Duncan hit for Molina. Duncan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Percival pitching for Cardinals. Bennett catching. Duncan at first base. Hamilton flied out to left. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. Keppinger singled to right. Ellison flied out to left. Phillips lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 3 - Cardinals 11.	Ankiel, Molina, Edmonds combine for 9 RBIs in rout of Reds