Braves - Top 1st . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Furcal flied out to center . Fick doubled to deep center . Sheffield reached on infield single to third . Jones fouled out to third . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Maddux pitching for Braves . Rollins safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Derosa . Polanco singled to left , Rollins to third . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rollins scored , Polanco out at second . Thome grounded out to shortstop , Abreu to second . Burrell homered to left center , Abreu scored . Lieberthal struck out looking . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Castilla struck out looking . Derosa popped out to second . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Maddux pitching for Braves . Perez reached on infield single to pitcher , Perez to second on throwing error by pitcher Maddux . Byrd walked . Padilla sacrificed to first , Perez to third , Byrd to second . Rollins singled to center , Perez scored , Byrd to third . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Byrd out at home , Rollins to second . Abreu walked , Rollins to third , Polanco to second . Thome struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Maddux grounded out to shortstop . Furcal struck out looking . Fick singled to left center . Sheffield doubled to deep left , Fick scored , Sheffield to third advancing on throw . Jones struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Maddux pitching for Braves . Burrell struck out swinging . Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Jones singled to left . Castilla grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Jones out at second . Derosa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Maddux pitching for Braves . Byrd singled to right . Padilla bunt popped out foul to catcher . Rollins doubled to right , Byrd scored . Polanco singled to center , Rollins scored . Abreu struck out looking , Polanco stole second . Polanco to third on throwing error by catcher Blanco . Thome flied out to right . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Blanco flied out to left . Maddux popped out to shallow center . Furcal reached on infield single to pitcher . Fick flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Maddux pitching for Braves . Burrell flied out to center . Lieberthal doubled to deep left center . Perez struck out looking . Byrd intentionally walked . Padilla grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Sheffield singled to center . Jones fouled out to third . Jones struck out swinging . Castilla reached on infield single to shortstop , Sheffield to second . Derosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Maddux pitching for Braves . Rollins flied out to left center . Polanco singled to right . Abreu singled to left , Polanco to second . Thome struck out looking . Burrell homered to right center , Polanco and Abreu scored . Lieberthal singled to left . Bong pitching for Braves . Perez reached on infield single to third , Lieberthal to second . Byrd walked , Lieberthal to third , Perez to second . Lieberthal scored , Perez to third , Byrd to second on balk by Bong . Padilla struck out looking . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Franco hit for Bong . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Blanco struck out swinging . Franco doubled to left . Furcal grounded out to second , Franco to third . Fick singled to right , Franco scored . Bragg in right field . Dawley pitching for Braves . Sheffield fouled out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Dawley pitching for Braves . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Polanco struck out swinging , Polanco safe at first on wild pitch by Dawley . Abreu walked , Polanco to second . Thome homered to left center , Polanco and Abreu scored . Burrell singled to right . Lieberthal walked , Burrell to second . Perez fouled out to third . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Punto at second base . Byrd fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Jones grounded out to pitcher . Jones grounded out to third . Houston hit for Cormier . Castilla struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Dawley pitching for Braves . Houston flied out to left center . Rollins hit ground rule double to deep center . Punto struck out swinging . Abreu singled to right center , Rollins scored . Thome homered to left , Abreu scored . Junge pitching for Phillies . Burrell struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Junge pitching for Phillies . Derosa flied out to right . Blanco flied out to center . Bragg flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 2 - Phillies 16 .	Maddux roughed up for third straight start