Brewers - Top 1st . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Young lined out to left . Podsednik reached on infield single to second . Jenkins walked , Podsednik to second . Sexson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jenkins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Byrd singled to left . Polanco hit by pitch , Byrd to second . Abreu singled to center , Byrd scored , Polanco to third . Thome homered to right center , Polanco and Abreu scored . Lieberthal doubled to left . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . Houston grounded out to first , Lieberthal to third . Rollins flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Vander Wal grounded out to first . Ginter singled to left center . Osik grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ginter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Millwood struck out swinging . Byrd grounded out to third . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Clayton grounded out to third . Sheets struck out looking . Young grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Abreu singled to right . Thome flied out to deep left . Lieberthal grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Podsednik bunt popped out foul to catcher . Jenkins grounded out to first . Sexson singled to left center . Vander Wal singled to right , Sexson to second . Ginter homered to left , Sexson and Vander Wal scored . Osik singled to left . Clayton struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Burrell doubled to left . Houston grounded out to shortstop , Burrell to third . Rollins struck out swinging . Millwood popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Sheets struck out looking . Young grounded out to shortstop . Podsednik lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Byrd grounded out to second . Polanco singled to center . Abreu walked , Polanco to second . Thome lined out to left center . Lieberthal singled to left center , Polanco scored , Abreu to third . Burrell singled to center , Abreu scored , Lieberthal to second . Houston singled to left , Lieberthal scored , Burrell to third , Houston to second advancing on throw . Rollins intentionally walked . Millwood struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Perez at third base . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Jenkins grounded out to shortstop . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . Vander Wal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Byrd safe at first on error by third baseman Ginter . Polanco doubled to right , Byrd to third . Abreu doubled to deep right center , Byrd and Polanco scored . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Thome intentionally walked . Lieberthal hit by pitch , Abreu to third , Thome to second . Burrell grounded into double play , third to first , Abreu scored , Thome out at third , Lieberthal to second . Perez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 7th . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Ginter walked . Osik grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ginter out at second . Clayton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Cruz at shortstop . Ledee hit for Millwood . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Ledee doubled to deep left . Byrd hit by pitch . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Byrd out at second , Ledee to third . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Hall hit for Kieschnick . Abreu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Hall doubled to left center . Young singled to left , Hall scored . Podsednik singled to left , Young to second . Jenkins flied out to right center . Williams pitching for Phillies . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Podsednik out at second , Young to third . Hall at second base . Dejean pitching for Brewers . Vander Wal struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . DeJean pitching for Brewers . Thome homered to left center . Lieberthal struck out swinging . Burrell popped out to second . Perez flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Wendell pitching for Phillies . Ginter popped out to second . Osik flied out to deep left . Cruz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 4 - Phillies 11 .	Thome powers Phillies to rout of Brewers