Phillies - Top 1st . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Byrd lined out to third . Polanco grounded out to second . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Cairo flied out to shallow right . Palmeiro safe at first on error by second baseman Utley . Pujols struck out swinging . Palmeiro caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 2nd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Thome singled to center . Burrell flied out to right center . Utley flied out to deep right . Perez fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Edmonds doubled to deep right . Rolen popped out to third . Martinez grounded out to second , Edmonds to third . Renteria flied out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Pratt singled to center . Telemaco sacrificed to first , Pratt to second . Byrd singled to right , Pratt to third . Polanco grounded into double play , third to second to first , Byrd out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Matheny lined out to second . Morris singled to left . Cairo walked , Morris to second . Palmeiro grounded out to second , Morris to third , Cairo to second . Pujols flied out to shallow center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Abreu singled to left . Thome singled to center , Abreu to third . Burrell grounded out to third , Abreu scored , Thome to second . Utley grounded out to third . Perez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Edmonds doubled to right . Rolen walked . Martinez lined out to right . Renteria grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Rolen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Pratt grounded out to shortstop . Telemaco doubled to left . Byrd flied out to shallow right . Telemaco to third on wild pitch by Morris . Polanco flied out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Taguchi hit for Morris . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Matheny grounded out to second . Taguchi doubled to left . Cairo flied out to right center , Taguchi to third . Hitchcock pitching for Cardinals . Palmeiro lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Hitchcock pitching for Cardinals . Abreu singled to center . Thome struck out swinging . Burrell grounded out to catcher , Abreu to second . Utley walked . Perez flied out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Pujols hit by pitch . Edmonds singled to right , Pujols to second . Rolen singled to left , Pujols to third , Edmonds to second . Plesac pitching for Phillies . Perez hit for Martinez . Perez walked , Pujols scored , Edmonds to third , Rolen to second . Adams pitching for Phillies . Renteria singled to left , Edmonds scored , Rolen to third , Perez to second . Robinson hit for Hitchcock . Matheny fouled out to first . Robinson singled to right , Rolen and Perez scored , Renteria to third , Robinson to second on error by right fielder Abreu . Cairo hit sacrifice fly to center , Renteria scored . Perez in right field . Robinson in left field . DeJean pitching for Cardinals . Pujols at first base . Palmeiro grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . Ledee hit for Adams . DeJean pitching for Cardinals . Pratt grounded out to third . Ledee flied out to left . Silva pitching for Phillies . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Silva pitching for Phillies . Pujols struck out looking . Edmonds reached on infield single to second . Edmonds caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rolen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . DeJean pitching for Cardinals . Polanco walked . Abreu singled to center , Polanco to second . Thome singled to left center , Polanco scored , Abreu to second . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Burrell flied out to left . Utley singled to right , Abreu scored , Thome to second . Houston hit for Pratt . Perez singled to right , Thome to third , Utley to second . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Lieberthal hit for Silva . Houston struck out swinging . Lieberthal catching . Williams pitching for Phillies . Lieberthal flied out to shallow right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Perez struck out swinging . Renteria singled to left center . Matheny hit by pitch . Renteria stole third , Matheny stole second . Robinson intentionally walked . Cairo struck out swinging . Isringhausen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Robinson out at second , Matheny to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Byrd struck out swinging . Polanco lined out to right center . Abreu singled to left center . Abreu stole second . Thome intentionally walked . Burrell flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 3 - Cardinals 5 .	Morris returns as Cards end drought vs. Phillies