Phillies - Top 1st . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Byrd grounded out to second . Polanco popped out to second . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Robinson doubled to left . Hart lined out to right , Robinson to third . Pujols popped out to shallow right . Edmonds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Thome grounded out to pitcher . Lieberthal popped out to second . Burrell hit by pitch . Utley hit by pitch , Burrell to second . Rollins walked , Burrell to third , Utley to second . Millwood struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Rolen flied out to left . Renteria flied out to right . Palmeiro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Byrd lined out to right . Polanco grounded out to third . Abreu flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Widger safe at first on error by shortstop Rollins . Tomko bunt popped out foul to catcher . Robinson singled to right , Widger to second . Hart grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Robinson out at second , Widger to third . Pujols lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 4th . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Thome grounded out to first . Lieberthal flied out to center . Burrell lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Edmonds walked . Rolen hit ground rule double to deep center , Edmonds to third . Renteria grounded out to third . Palmeiro intentionally walked . Widger hit sacrifice fly to center , Edmonds scored , Rolen to third , Palmeiro to second advancing on throw . Tomko flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Utley flied out to left . Rollins singled to right . Millwood sacrificed to pitcher , Rollins to second . Byrd grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Robinson flied out to center . Hart singled to right , Hart to second on error by right fielder Abreu . Pujols flied out to right . Edmonds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 6th . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Polanco singled to left . Abreu flied out to deep center . Thome walked , Polanco to second . Lieberthal popped out to shallow right . Burrell walked , Polanco to third , Thome to second . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Burrell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Rolen doubled to left . Renteria grounded out to shortstop , Rolen to third . Palmeiro hit sacrifice fly to shallow right center , Rolen scored . Widger flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Ledee hit for Millwood . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Rollins lined out to right . Ledee singled to right . Byrd singled to right , Ledee to second . Polanco singled to right , Ledee to third , Byrd to second . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi in right field . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ledee out at home , Byrd to third , Polanco to second . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Thome popped out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Taguchi singled to left . Robinson reached on bunt single to third , Taguchi to second . Hart struck out bunting foul . Pujols flied out to shallow right . Edmonds flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop . Burrell struck out looking . Utley walked . Williams pitching for Phillies . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Rolen singled to left . Martinez hit for Simontacchi . Renteria grounded out to third , Rolen to second . Martinez intentionally walked . Cairo hit for Widger . Haren ran for Martinez . Cairo walked , Rolen to third , Haren to second . Taguchi sacrificed to pitcher , Rolen scored , Haren to third , Cairo to second . DeJean pitching for Cardinals . Matheny catching . Houston hit for Williams . Robinson flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . DeJean pitching for Cardinals . Houston reached on infield single to pitcher . Byrd grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Houston out at second . Polanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 0 - Cardinals 3 .	Rolen on track in Cards ' win over former squad