Marlins - Top 1st . Myers pitching for Phillies . Pierre singled to center . Pierre stole second . Castillo struck out swinging . Rodriguez walked . Lee doubled to left , Pierre scored , Rodriguez to third . Encarnacion lined out to third . Conine doubled to right , Rodriguez and Lee scored . Cabrera struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Redman pitching for Marlins . Byrd walked . Polanco grounded out to pitcher , Byrd to second . Abreu walked . Lieberthal grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Abreu out at second , Byrd to third . Thome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez struck out looking . Redman struck out swinging . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Redman pitching for Marlins . Burrell flied out to center . Rollins walked . Perez struck out swinging . Myers grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez struck out looking . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Redman pitching for Marlins . Byrd struck out swinging . Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop . Abreu struck out looking . Lieberthal doubled to deep right center , Polanco scored . Thome homered to left , Lieberthal scored . Burrell popped out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Encarnacion grounded out to second . Conine homered to left . Cabrera singled to center . Gonzalez singled to left , Cabrera to second . Redman sacrificed to third , Cabrera to third , Gonzalez to second . Pierre doubled to left , Cabrera and Gonzalez scored . Castillo walked . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pierre out at third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Redman pitching for Marlins . Rollins singled to left center . Stinnett hit for Myers . Perez struck out swinging . Stinnett walked , Rollins to second . Byrd singled to left , Rollins scored , Stinnett to second . Polanco grounded out to first , Stinnett to third , Byrd to second . Duckworth pitching for Phillies . Abreu struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Duckworth pitching for Phillies . Lee hit by pitch . Encarnacion grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lee out at second . Conine walked . Cabrera singled to left , Conine to second . Gonzalez walked , Conine to third , Cabrera to second . Redman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Redman pitching for Marlins . Lieberthal walked . Thome flied into double play , left to shortstop to first , Lieberthal doubled off first . Plesac pitching for Phillies . Burrell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Plesac pitching for Phillies . Pierre singled to center . Silva pitching for Phillies . Castillo singled to center , Pierre to second . Rodriguez sacrificed to third , Pierre to third , Castillo to second . Lee intentionally walked . Fox pitching for Marlins . Encarnacion grounded into double play , second to first , Lee out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Fox pitching for Marlins . Rollins doubled to deep right . Ledee hit for Silva . Perez reached on bunt single to first , Rollins to third . Ledee flied out to left , Rollins thrown out at home , Perez to second . Wendell pitching for Phillies . Byrd flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Wendell pitching for Phillies . Conine struck out looking . Cabrera struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Fox pitching for Marlins . Polanco struck out looking . Abreu grounded out to first . Hollandsworth hit for Fox . Lieberthal flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Wendell pitching for Phillies . Hollandsworth flied out to left . Pierre grounded out to first . Castillo doubled to center . Rodriguez singled to left , Castillo scored , Rodriguez to second advancing on throw . Urbina pitching for Marlins . Lee flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Urbina pitching for Marlins . Thome lined out to right . Burrell lined out to center . De Los Santos pitching for Phillies . Rollins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . De Los Santos pitching for Phillies . Philadelphia 's Manager Bowa ejected by Barksdale in the 9th . Encarnacion to second on wild pitch by De Los Santos . Conine walked . Geary pitching for Phillies . Cabrera sacrificed to catcher , Encarnacion scored , Encarnacion to third , Conine to second , Cabrera safe at first on throwing error by pitcher De Los Santos . Harris hit for Urbina . Gonzalez sacrificed to third , Conine to third , Cabrera to second . Harris fouled out to first . Pierre doubled to deep left center , Conine and Cabrera scored . Castillo singled to shallow center , Pierre scored . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Utley hit for Geary . Bump pitching for Marlins . Perez popped out to shortstop . Utley flied out to left . Byrd reached on infield single to shortstop . Polanco struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 11 - Phillies 4 .	Conine does it all as Marlins clip Phillies