Marlins - Top 1st . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Pierre grounded out to first . Castillo grounded out to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Byrd hit by pitch . Polanco grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Byrd out at second . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Lee struck out swinging . Encarnacion lined out to center . Conine singled to center . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Lieberthal grounded out to pitcher . Thome struck out swinging . Michaels walked . Rollins walked , Michaels to second . Perez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez safe at first on error by first baseman Thome . Willis bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second . Pierre doubled to right , Willis to third . Castillo lined out to left . Rodriguez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Millwood struck out swinging . Byrd struck out swinging . Polanco lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Lee doubled to deep left center . Encarnacion walked . Conine sacrificed to catcher , Lee scored , Lee to third , Encarnacion to third , Encarnacion to second , Conine safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Millwood . Cabrera singled to shallow right center , Encarnacion scored , Conine to third . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to right , Conine scored . Willis fouled out to third . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Abreu flied out to center . Lieberthal struck out swinging . Thome singled to center . Michaels singled to left , Thome to second . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Castillo struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Perez homered to left . Millwood flied out to right . Byrd popped out to first . Polanco walked . Abreu singled to right , Polanco to second . Lieberthal doubled to right , Polanco and Abreu scored . Thome struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Conine struck out swinging . Cabrera homered to center . Gonzalez singled to center . Willis reached on infield single to third , Gonzalez to second , Gonzalez to third advancing on throw . Pierre grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Michaels lined out to left . Rollins struck out swinging . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Millwood pitching for Phillies . Castillo grounded out to first . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Burrell hit for Millwood . Lee grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Burrell popped out to second . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . Polanco homered to left . Fox pitching for Marlins . Abreu doubled to deep left center . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Lieberthal fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Conine struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right . Gonzalez lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Fox pitching for Marlins . Thome homered to right center . Michaels safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Gonzalez . Michaels to second on passed ball by Rodriguez . Rollins sacrificed to pitcher , Michaels to third . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Michaels out at home . Cormier walked , Perez to second . Mordecai hit for Fox . Byrd flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 9th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Mordecai popped out to second . Pierre grounded out to pitcher . Castillo fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 4 - Phillies 5 .	Wind power : Thome , Phils rally to top Marlins