Indians - Top 1st. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Brantley flied out to left. Cabrera hit by pitch. Choo doubled to deep left center, Cabrera to third. Santana hit sacrifice fly to right, Cabrera scored, Choo to third. Duncan lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Pierre doubled to deep right. Ramirez hit by pitch. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko doubled to deep left, Pierre and Ramirez scored. Quentin flied out to right. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. LaPorta singled to left center. Hannahan flied out to center. Kearns lined out to shortstop, LaPorta to second on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez. Everett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Rios reached on infield single to shortstop. McPherson singled to right, Rios to second. Vizquel sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, Rios to third, McPherson to second. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rios out at home, McPherson to third, Vizquel to second. Ramirez doubled to left, McPherson and Vizquel scored, Pierre to third. Dunn singled to center, Pierre and Ramirez scored. Konerko struck out looking. Dunn caught stealing second, catcher to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Brantley grounded out to first. Cabrera flied out to left. Choo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Quentin walked. Pierzynski grounded out to second, Quentin to second. Rios grounded out to shortstop. McPherson popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Santana grounded out to second. Duncan fouled out to left. LaPorta lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Vizquel struck out looking. Pierre popped out to shortstop. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Hannahan singled to center. Kearns singled to center, Hannahan to second. Everett struck out swinging. Brantley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kearns out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Dunn popped out to third. Konerko walked. Quentin homered to left center (380 feet), Konerko scored. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Rios grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Choo struck out swinging. Santana popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Durbin pitching for Indians. McPherson struck out swinging. Vizquel flied out to left. Pierre reached on infield single to third. Ramirez singled to center, Pierre to second. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Duncan grounded out to third. LaPorta walked. Hannahan fouled out to left. Kearns doubled to left, LaPorta to third. Everett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Durbin pitching for Indians. Konerko flied out to left. Quentin singled to center. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Rios fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Morel at third base. McPherson at first base. Brantley struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left. Choo struck out swinging. Santana grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Indians. McPherson safe at first on error by second baseman Everett. Vizquel grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second to first, McPherson out at second. Pierre grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 9th. Pena pitching for White Sox. Duncan struck out looking. LaPorta homered to left (373 feet). Hannahan struck out looking. Kearns grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 2 - White Sox 8.	White Sox top Indians