White Sox - Top 1st. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Pierre walked. Ramirez struck out swinging. Quentin flied out to left. Konerko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Escobar singled to left. Patterson flied out to center. Bautista singled to right, Escobar to second. Rivera doubled to left, Escobar scored, Bautista to third. Arencibia flied out to center. Hill flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Pierzynski lined out to left. Rios flied out to left. Dunn walked. Vizquel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Molina safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez. Nix grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina out at second. Escobar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 3rd. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Beckham flied out to left. Pierre tripled to deep right center. Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to left, Pierre scored. Quentin grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Patterson flied out to right. Bautista struck out swinging. Rivera doubled to deep center. Vizquel at second base. McPherson at third base. Arencibia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Konerko flied out to center. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Rios grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Hill singled to left center. Davis tripled to deep center, Hill scored. Molina grounded out to first. Nix walked. Davis caught stealing home, catcher to third to pitcher, Nix to third on runner's fielder's choice. Escobar grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Dunn walked. Vizquel singled to right, Dunn to second. McPherson struck out swinging. Pierre singled to center, Dunn to third, Vizquel to second. Ramirez flied out to right. Quentin walked, Dunn scored, Vizquel to third, Pierre to second. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Quentin out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Patterson grounded out to first. Bautista struck out looking. Rivera popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Pierzynski grounded out to third. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Dunn walked. Vizquel grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Arencibia grounded out to shortstop. Hill flied out to left. Davis singled to left. Davis caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Molina batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. McPherson struck out swinging. Pierre flied out to center. Ramirez struck out swinging, Ramirez safe at first on wild pitch by Drabek. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez to second on passed ball by Arencibia. Quentin flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Molina singled to left center. Nix grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina out at second. Escobar doubled to center, Nix scored. Patterson flied out to right. Bautista intentionally walked. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bautista out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Konerko grounded out to second. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Rios singled to right center. Dunn walked, Rios to second. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Vizquel grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dunn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Pena pitching for White Sox. Arencibia singled to center. Hill flied out to center. Davis singled to left, Arencibia to second. Molina singled to right, Arencibia scored, Davis to second. Davis stole third. Molina stole second. Nix popped out to shortstop. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Rauch pitching for Blue Jays. McPherson struck out swinging. Pierre reached on infield single to pitcher. Pierre to second on wild pitch by Rauch. Pierre to third on passed ball by Arencibia. Ramirez struck out swinging. Quentin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Blue Jays 4.	Escobar's 7th-inning double lifts Jays