White Sox - Top 1st. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Pierre struck out swinging. Ramirez popped out to second. Quentin grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Humber pitching for White Sox. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia grounded out to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Konerko walked. Pierzynski singled to right, Konerko to second. Rios flied out to right. Dunn walked, Konerko to third, Pierzynski to second. Beckham singled to left, Konerko scored, Pierzynski to third, Dunn to second. Morel grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pierzynski scored, Dunn to third, Beckham safe at second on error by shortstop Lowrie. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Dunn out at home, Beckham to third, Morel to second. Ramirez singled to center, Beckham and Morel scored, Pierre to second. Quentin flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Humber pitching for White Sox. Youkilis grounded out to second. Ortiz struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Konerko doubled to left. Pierzynski hit ground rule double to deep right, Konerko scored. Rios flied out to center. Dunn popped out to third. Beckham flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Humber pitching for White Sox. Lowrie popped out to shortstop. Drew grounded out to shortstop. Varitek homered to right (399 feet). Ellsbury struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Morel singled to center. Pierre bunt grounded out to third, Morel to second. Ramirez singled to center, Morel scored, Ramirez out in rundown between first and second. Quentin popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Humber pitching for White Sox. Pedroia flied out to left. Gonzalez doubled to deep left. Youkilis popped out to second. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Konerko flied out to center. Pierzynski walked. Rios grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pierzynski out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Humber pitching for White Sox. Crawford singled to left center. Lowrie flied into double play, center to shortstop, Crawford doubled off first. Drew grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Dunn hit by pitch. Beckham singled to right, Dunn to second. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Dunn to third, Beckham to second on passed ball by Varitek. Morel grounded out to first. Pierre singled to right, Dunn and Beckham scored. Ramirez singled to right, Pierre to second. Quentin doubled to left, Pierre scored, Ramirez to third. Konerko hit sacrifice fly to right, Ramirez scored, Quentin to third. Pierzynski flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Humber pitching for White Sox. Varitek singled to right center. Ellsbury grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Varitek out at second. Pedroia walked. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Reddick in center field. Sutton at second base. Cameron in left field. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Rios popped out to second. Dunn reached on infield single to third. Beckham flied out to right. Morel flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Lillibridge in right field. Humber pitching for White Sox. Youkilis flied out to center. Ortiz singled to right. Cameron flied out to center. Lowrie singled to right, Ortiz to third. Drew struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Jenks pitching for Red Sox. Pierre flied out to center. Ramirez singled to right. Lillibridge singled to deep left, Ramirez to third. Konerko lined into double play, pitcher to first, Lillibridge out at first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Humber pitching for White Sox. Varitek popped out to second. Reddick doubled to deep center. Sutton singled to left, Reddick scored. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Youkilis singled to left, Sutton to third. Ortiz homered to left (366 feet), Sutton and Youkilis scored. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Ortiz homered to left (366 feet), Sutton and Youkilis scored. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Ortiz homered to left (366 feet), Sutton and Youkilis scored. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Cameron lined out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Wheeler pitching for Red Sox. Pierzynski popped out to third. Rios flied out to right. Dunn walked. Beckham singled to center, Dunn to second. Morel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Bruney pitching for White Sox. Lowrie walked. Drew popped out to third. Varitek singled to center, Lowrie to third. Reddick hit sacrifice fly to left, Lowrie scored. Sutton doubled to deep right, Varitek scored. Sale pitching for White Sox. Gonzalez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 10 - Red Sox 7.	Red Sox fall short \n\n