Athletics - Top 1st. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Crisp flied out to left. Pennington doubled to left. Sweeney grounded out to first, Pennington to third. Willingham singled to left, Pennington scored. Matsui grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Godfrey pitching for Athletics. Pierre bunt grounded out to pitcher. Ramirez flied out to center. Quentin walked. Konerko homered to left center (408 feet), Quentin scored. Pierzynski singled to left. Rios singled to center, Pierzynski to second. Dunn walked, Pierzynski to third, Rios to second. Beckham struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Barton popped out to third. Suzuki struck out swinging. Sizemore lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Godfrey pitching for Athletics. Morel doubled to deep right. Pierre grounded out to second, Morel to third. Ramirez popped out to second. Quentin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Weeks tripled to deep center. Crisp popped out to shortstop. Pennington reached on infield single to second, Weeks scored. Pennington to second on wild pitch by Jackson. Sweeney grounded out to second, Pennington to third. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Godfrey pitching for Athletics. Konerko singled to center. Pierzynski grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Konerko out at second. Rios doubled to center. Dunn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Matsui walked. Barton flied out to center. Suzuki lined out to third. Sizemore reached on infield single to second, Matsui to second. Weeks reached on infield single to third, Matsui to third, Sizemore to second. Crisp lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Godfrey pitching for Athletics. Beckham flied out to right. Morel flied out to center. Pierre grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney grounded out to third. Willingham grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Godfrey pitching for Athletics. Ramirez doubled to left. Quentin reached on infield single to third, Ramirez scored on throwing error by third baseman Sizemore. Konerko flied out to left. Pierzynski singled to right, Quentin to third, Pierzynski to second advancing on throw. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Rios grounded out to shortstop, Quentin scored, Pierzynski to third. Dunn singled to right, Pierzynski scored. Beckham struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 6th. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Matsui singled to right. Barton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Matsui out at second. Suzuki flied out to right. Sizemore singled to center, Barton to second. Weeks flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Morel grounded out to shortstop. Pierre popped out to second. Ramirez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Crisp singled to center. Pennington doubled to center, Crisp to third. Jackson hit for Sweeney. Jackson grounded out to second, Crisp scored. Willingham flied out to right, Pennington to third. Matsui struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Jackson in right field. Devine pitching for Athletics. Quentin singled to left center. Konerko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Quentin out at second. Pierzynski doubled to left. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Barton singled to left. Bruney pitching for White Sox. Suzuki struck out swinging, Barton stole second. Sizemore walked. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Weeks popped out to first. Crisp flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Dunn popped out to second. Beckham popped out to first. Morel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Santos pitching for White Sox. Pennington struck out swinging. Jackson flied out to center. Willingham walked. Willingham to second on fielder's indifference. Matsui singled to center, Willingham scored. DeJesus ran for Matsui. Barton walked, DeJesus to second. Suzuki hit by pitch, DeJesus to third, Barton to second. Sizemore doubled to deep center, DeJesus, Barton and Suzuki scored. Weeks walked. Harrell pitching for White Sox. Crisp struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Pierre grounded out to first. Ramirez flied out to left. Quentin flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - White Sox 5.	Sizemore helps A's put end to 10-game skid \n