Athletics - Top 1st. Danks pitching for White Sox. Crisp struck out swinging. Pennington popped out to shortstop. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Lillibridge struck out swinging. Ramirez walked. Quentin lined into double play, pitcher to first, Ramirez out at first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Willingham walked. Jackson lined out to left. Sizemore grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Willingham out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Konerko grounded out to third. Rios singled to center. Dunn walked, Rios to second. Castro lined out to second. Beckham hit by pitch, Rios to third, Dunn to second. Morel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Suzuki flied out to left. Barton walked. Weeks fouled out to first. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Lillibridge lined out to right. Ramirez singled to right. Ramirez to second on balk by Gonzalez. Quentin walked. Konerko struck out looking, Ramirez stole third, Quentin stole second. Ramirez scored, Quentin to third on wild pitch by Gonzalez. Rios intentionally walked. Dunn lined out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Pennington singled to shallow right. Pennington stole second. Matsui popped out to shortstop. Willingham singled to left, Pennington scored, Willingham to second on error by catcher Castro. Jackson struck out swinging. Sizemore popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Castro homered to left (398 feet). Beckham flied out to left. Morel safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Pennington. Lillibridge walked. Morel to third on wild pitch by Gonzalez. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lillibridge out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Suzuki flied out to left. Barton flied out to center. Weeks safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez. Weeks caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Crisp batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Quentin grounded out to third. Konerko singled to left. Rios singled to center, Konerko to second. Dunn walked, Konerko to third, Rios to second. Castro popped out to second. Beckham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dunn out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Crisp doubled to left. Pennington sacrificed to third, Crisp to third. Matsui hit sacrifice fly to right, Crisp scored. Willingham grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Morel grounded out to second. Lillibridge walked. Lillibridge stole second. Lillibridge safe at third on throwing error by catcher Suzuki. Ramirez walked. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Quentin grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lillibridge scored, Ramirez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Ziegler. Konerko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Quentin out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Jackson flied out to left. Sizemore struck out swinging. Suzuki lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Rios grounded out to pitcher. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Dunn struck out swinging. Castro walked. Devine pitching for Athletics. Beckham singled to center, Castro to second. Morel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beckham out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Barton singled to left. Weeks sacrificed to pitcher, Barton to second. Crisp flied out to left. Crain pitching for White Sox. Pennington popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Devine pitching for Athletics. Lillibridge struck out swinging. Ramirez flied out to center. Quentin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Crain pitching for White Sox. Matsui walked. DeJesus ran for Matsui. Willingham flied out to right. Jackson flied out to center. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 2 - White Sox 3.	Lillibridge robs Crisp, secures White Sox's win