Yankees - Top 1st. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Gardner reached on bunt single to third. Jeter reached on bunt single to third, Gardner to second. Granderson singled to center, Gardner to third, Jeter to second. Teixeira hit sacrifice fly to center, Gardner scored, Jeter to third, Granderson to second. Cano homered to right (406 feet), Jeter and Granderson scored. Swisher struck out looking. Chavez flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Pierre hit ground rule double to deep right. Vizquel reached on bunt single to third, Pierre to third. Quentin hit sacrifice fly to left, Pierre scored. Dunn flied out to center. Ramirez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Posada grounded out to shortstop. Martin grounded out to pitcher. Gardner hit by pitch. Jeter singled to right, Gardner to third. Granderson tripled to deep right, Gardner and Jeter scored. Teixeira struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Pierzynski struck out looking. Rios singled to left. De Aza singled to center, Rios to second. Morel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, De Aza out at second, Rios to third. Pierre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Cano flied out to center. Swisher singled to center. Chavez homered to right (421 feet), Swisher scored. Posada doubled to deep left center. Martin walked. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Gardner reached on infield single to second, Posada to third, Martin to second. Jeter singled to center, Posada and Martin scored, Gardner to second. Granderson struck out swinging. Teixeira tripled to deep center, Gardner and Jeter scored. Cano singled to left, Teixeira scored. Swisher struck out looking. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Vizquel grounded out to second. Quentin flied out to left. Dunn singled to right center. Dunn to second on wild pitch by Burnett. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Chavez struck out looking. Posada popped out to shortstop. Martin popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Pierzynski doubled to deep center. Rios grounded out to shortstop. De Aza singled to right, Pierzynski to third. Morel singled to right center, Pierzynski scored, De Aza to second. Pierre singled to left, De Aza scored, Morel to second. Vizquel struck out swinging. Quentin homered to left (412 feet), Morel and Pierre scored. Dunn grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Gardner struck out looking. Jeter singled to right. Granderson struck out looking. Teixeira grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Ramirez singled to center. Pierzynski doubled to deep right, Ramirez scored. Rios flied out to left. De Aza singled to right, Pierzynski to third, De Aza to second advancing on throw. Wade pitching for Yankees. Morel flied out to left. Pierre grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Cano flied out to left. Swisher flied out to right. Chavez reached on infield single to third. Posada flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Wade pitching for Yankees. Vizquel grounded out to second. Quentin flied out to right. Dunn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Bruney pitching for White Sox. Martin doubled to deep right. Gardner reached on infield single to first, Martin to third. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Gardner stole second. Jeter lined out to first. Granderson singled to center, Martin and Gardner scored. Teixeira popped out to shortstop. Cano singled to center, Granderson to second. Granderson to third, Cano to second on wild pitch by Thornton. Swisher walked. Chavez singled to left, Granderson and Cano scored, Swisher to second. Posada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chavez out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. Pierzynski flied out to center. Lillibridge hit for Rios. Lillibridge flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Lillibridge in center field. Crain pitching for White Sox. Martin struck out looking. Gardner grounded out to second. Jeter doubled to left. Granderson doubled to right, Jeter scored. Teixeira flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Gardner in center field. Jones in left field. Nunez at second base. Posada at first base. Ayala pitching for Yankees. De Aza singled to center. Morel grounded into double play, second to first, De Aza out at second. Pierre grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Santos pitching for White Sox. Jones singled to center. Swisher struck out swinging. Chavez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Soriano pitching for Yankees. Vizquel grounded out to shortstop. Quentin struck out swinging. Flowers hit for Dunn. Flowers grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 18 - White Sox 7.	Yanks rout White Sox