Astros - Top 1st. Karns pitching for Mariners. Altuve grounded out to second. Springer grounded out to shortstop. Correa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Aoki grounded out to shortstop. Marte struck out swinging. Canó lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Karns pitching for Mariners. Rasmus flied out to right. Tucker grounded out to first. White grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Gutiérrez struck out swinging. Seager flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Karns pitching for Mariners. Gómez flied out to center. Valbuena grounded out to second. Castro walked. Altuve walked, Castro to second. Springer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Altuve out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Iannetta doubled to deep left center. Lee grounded out to second, Iannetta to third. Smith grounded out to shortstop. Aoki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Karns pitching for Mariners. Correa lined out to right. Rasmus singled to right. Tucker walked, Rasmus to second. White grounded out to shortstop, Rasmus to third, Tucker to second. Gómez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Marte doubled to left. Canó grounded out to second, Marte to third. Cruz singled to left, Marte scored. Gutiérrez struck out swinging. Cruz out advancing to second, catcher to shortstop. Seager batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Karns pitching for Mariners. Valbuena struck out swinging. Castro struck out looking. Altuve struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Seager grounded out to shortstop. Iannetta walked. Lee reached on infield single to shortstop, Iannetta to second. Smith walked, Iannetta to third, Lee to second. Aoki grounded into fielder's choice to first, Iannetta out at home, Lee to third, Smith to second. Marte singled to center, Lee scored, Smith to third, Aoki to second. Canó singled to left, Smith, Aoki and Marte scored, Canó to second. Cruz struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 6th. Karns pitching for Mariners. Springer grounded out to shortstop. Correa lined out to shortstop. Rasmus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Gutiérrez lined out to right. Seager flied out to right. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Karns pitching for Mariners. Tucker struck out swinging. White singled to right center. Gómez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, White out at second. Valbuena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Feliz pitching for Astros. Lee singled to center. Smith struck out swinging. Aoki safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Correa, Lee to second. Marte singled to center, Lee to third, Aoki to second. Canó homered to right center (401 feet), Lee, Aoki and Marte scored. Cruz singled to left. Gutiérrez struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 8th. Sardiñas at second base. Zych pitching for Mariners. Castro walked. Altuve walked, Castro to second. Springer singled to right center, Castro to third, Altuve to second, Castro scored, Altuve to third, Springer to second on error by center fielder Aoki. Correa struck out swinging. Rasmus flied out to right. Tucker grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Kratz pitching for Astros. Iannetta singled to left center. Iannetta to second on wild pitch by Kratz. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Iannetta to third on wild pitch by Kratz. Smith singled to center, Iannetta scored. Aoki singled to left center, Smith to second. Smith to third, Aoki to second on passed ball by Castro. Marte grounded out to first, Smith scored, Aoki to third. Sardiñas lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Montgomery pitching for Mariners. White flied out to left. Gómez struck out swinging. Valbuena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 1 - Mariners 11.	Cano drives in 6, Karns solid as Mariners beat Astros 11-1