Astros - Top 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Springer doubled to deep center. Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop, Springer hit by batted ball out at third. Correa walked, Altuve to second. Gattis lined out to center. White struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Segura lined out to pitcher. Bourn reached on bunt single to third. Goldschmidt singled to right, Bourn to third. Lamb singled to right, Bourn scored, Goldschmidt to third. Lamb to second on wild pitch by McCullers. Drury walked. Herrmann grounded into fielder's choice to second, Goldschmidt scored, Drury out at second, Lamb to third. Owings walked, Herrmann to second. Tomás struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Valbuena struck out swinging. Gómez struck out swinging. Marisnick doubled to left. McCullers singled to left, Marisnick to third. Springer homered to right (372 feet), Marisnick and McCullers scored. Altuve lined out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Corbin grounded out to shortstop. Segura grounded out to second. Bourn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Correa singled to left. Gattis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Correa out at second. White flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Goldschmidt singled to left. Goldschmidt caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lamb struck out swinging. Drury grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Valbuena walked. Valbuena to second on wild pitch by Corbin. Gómez reached on infield single to third. Marisnick singled to center, Valbuena scored, Gómez to second. McCullers grounded out to pitcher, Gómez to third, Marisnick to second. Springer singled to center, Gómez scored, Marisnick to third. Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks. Altuve singled to left, Marisnick scored, Springer to second. Correa walked, Springer to third, Altuve to second. Gattis grounded out to pitcher, Springer scored, Altuve to third, Correa to second. White grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Herrmann struck out swinging. Owings grounded out to third. Tomás singled to left center. Gosselin hit for Barrett. Gosselin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Valbuena homered to right (405 feet). Gómez struck out swinging. Marisnick lined out to center. McCullers fouled out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Bourn walked. Goldschmidt walked, Bourn to second. Lamb singled to deep right center, Bourn to third, Goldschmidt to second. Drury struck out swinging. Bourn scored, Goldschmidt to third, Lamb to second on wild pitch by McCullers. Herrmann struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks. Springer flied out to center. Altuve fouled out to right. Correa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Feliz pitching for Astros. Owings walked. Tomás grounded into fielder's choice to third, Owings out at second. Ahmed hit for Bracho. Ahmed flied out to center. Segura grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tomás out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Gattis walked. White grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gattis out at second. Valbuena grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Feldman pitching for Astros. González at first base. Bourn lined out to right. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop. Lamb grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Gómez walked. Marisnick grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gómez out at second. González singled to deep right. González stole second. Springer hit by pitch. Altuve lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Feldman pitching for Astros. Drury struck out swinging. Herrmann grounded out to first. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks. Correa walked. Gattis popped out to second. Feldman struck out swinging. Valbuena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Feldman pitching for Astros. Tomás singled to center. Weeks Jr. hit for Clippard. Weeks Jr. grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tomás safe at second on error by second baseman Altuve. Segura doubled to deep right center, Tomás and Weeks Jr. scored. Gregerson pitching for Astros. Bourn struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Lamb struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Astros 8 - Diamondbacks 5.	Springer sparks Astros to 8-5 win over Diamondbacks