Astros - Top 1st. Montgomery pitching for Mariners. Springer walked. González grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Springer out at second. Altuve singled to center, González to second. González stole third. González scored, Altuve safe at second on error by third baseman Seager. Correa struck out looking. Gattis flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 1st. McHugh pitching for Astros. Smith struck out swinging. Martín walked. Canó walked, Martín to second. Cruz hit by pitch, Martín to third, Canó to second. Seager struck out swinging. Lee grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Montgomery pitching for Mariners. Valbuena doubled to deep right. Gómez safe at second on error by third baseman Seager, Valbuena to third. Worth struck out swinging. Marisnick struck out swinging. Springer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Lind struck out swinging. Sucre struck out swinging. Marte singled to left. Smith struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Montgomery pitching for Mariners. González doubled to left. Altuve homered to left (403 feet), González scored. Correa struck out swinging. Gattis doubled to left. Valbuena struck out swinging. Gattis to third on wild pitch by Montgomery. Gómez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Martín walked. Canó reached on infield single to third, Martín to second. Cruz singled to deep center, Martín to third, Canó to second. Seager struck out swinging. Lee grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cruz out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Montgomery pitching for Mariners. Worth grounded out to shortstop. Marisnick grounded out to second. Springer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Lind struck out swinging. Sucre struck out swinging. Marte flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Montgomery pitching for Mariners. González doubled to deep right center, González to third on throwing error by center fielder Martín. Altuve singled to left, González scored. Correa grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Altuve out at second. Gattis struck out swinging. Valbuena walked, Correa to second. Gómez hit by pitch, Correa to third, Valbuena to second. Worth grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gómez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 5th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Smith walked. Martín grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Smith out at second. Canó struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Marisnick reached on bunt single to first. Springer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Marisnick out at second. González grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Springer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Cruz singled to left. Seager struck out swinging. Lee grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cruz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Karns pitching for Mariners. Altuve singled to center. Correa hit by pitch, Altuve to second. Gattis struck out swinging. Valbuena walked, Altuve to third, Correa to second. Gómez homered to left (416 feet), Altuve, Correa and Valbuena scored. Worth singled to right. Marisnick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Worth out at second. Springer flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Lind walked. Sucre struck out swinging. Marte grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Lind out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. O'Malley in right field. Benoit pitching for Mariners. González struck out swinging. Altuve struck out swinging. Reed hit for Correa. Reed walked. Gattis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. González at shortstop. Reed at first base. Devenski pitching for Astros. Smith walked. Martín flied out to center. Canó struck out swinging. Smith to second on fielder's indifference. O'Malley reached on infield single to catcher, Smith to third. Seager singled to right, Smith scored, O'Malley to third. Lee hit by pitch, Seager to second. Sipp pitching for Astros. Gutiérrez hit for Lind. Gutiérrez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Robertson in right field. O'Malley at second base. Rollins pitching for Mariners. Valbuena grounded out to first. Gómez grounded out to third. Worth grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Sipp pitching for Astros. Sucre walked. Marte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sucre out at second. Smith doubled to deep right. Martín grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 8 - Mariners 1.	Altuve, McHugh pace Astros past Mariners