Astros - Top 1st. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Springer struck out swinging. González doubled to left. Altuve homered to right (368 feet), González scored. Correa flied out to center. Gattis struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. McHugh pitching for Astros. Kinsler singled to left. Maybin singled to shallow right, Kinsler to third. Maybin to second on wild pitch by McHugh. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right, Kinsler scored. Martínez singled to right, Maybin to third. Castellanos singled to center, Maybin scored, Martínez to second. Upton fouled out to first. Collins struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Rasmus flied out to left. Bregman grounded out to second. White popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. Iglesias singled to left. Kinsler singled to center, Iglesias to third, Kinsler to second advancing on throw. Maybin doubled to right, Iglesias and Kinsler scored. Cabrera singled to center, Maybin scored. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by McHugh. Martínez grounded out to second, Cabrera to third. Castellanos reached on infield single to third, Cabrera scored. Upton singled to left, Castellanos to second. Devenski pitching for Astros. Castellanos to third on wild pitch by Devenski. Collins homered to right (410 feet), Castellanos and Upton scored. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Marisnick homered to left (375 feet). Springer singled to left center. González struck out swinging. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Springer out at second. Correa flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Devenski pitching for Astros. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler lined out to left. Maybin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Gattis struck out swinging. Rasmus grounded out to third. Bregman fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Cabrera grounded out to third. Martínez singled to deep right. Castellanos struck out swinging. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martínez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. White walked. Marisnick flied out to center. Springer struck out swinging. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Collins tripled to deep right. Saltalamacchia hit sacrifice fly to center, Collins scored. Iglesias grounded out to pitcher. Kinsler grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Altuve flied out to center. Correa grounded out to third. Gattis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Feliz pitching for Astros. Maybin singled to right. Cabrera flied out to center. Martínez popped out to catcher. Castellanos walked, Maybin to second. Upton homered to left (352 feet), Maybin and Castellanos scored. Collins grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Rasmus lined out to third. Lowe pitching for Tigers. Bregman lined out to left. White flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Tucker in right field. Castro at first base. Feliz pitching for Astros. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Iglesias grounded out to third. Romine hit for Kinsler. Romine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Romine at first base. Aviles at second base. Lowe pitching for Tigers. Marisnick safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Castellanos. Tucker popped out to shortstop. Castro walked, Marisnick to second. Altuve flied out to center, Marisnick to third. Molleken pitching for Tigers. Correa singled to left, Marisnick scored, Castro to second. Gattis walked, Castro to third, Correa to second. Rasmus singled to right, Castro and Correa scored, Gattis to second. Bregman grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Sipp pitching for Astros. Maybin lined out to center. Aviles grounded out to second. McCann hit for Martínez. McCann homered to left (432 feet). Castellanos lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Molleken pitching for Tigers. White grounded out to shortstop. Marisnick reached on infield single to first. Tucker grounded out to first, Marisnick to second. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 6 - Tigers 14.	Collins, Upton hit 3-run homers as Tigers beat Astros 14-6