Athletics - Top 1st. Musgrove pitching for Astros. Crisp struck out swinging. Valencia lined out to center. Vogt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Springer struck out swinging. Bregman lined out to center. Altuve struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Musgrove pitching for Astros. Davis struck out swinging. Healy struck out looking. Alonso grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Correa flied out to center. Gattis struck out swinging. Gurriel reached on infield single to third. González safe at first on error by third baseman Healy, Gurriel to second. Hernández safe at first on error by third baseman Healy, Gurriel to third, González to second. Marisnick walked, Gurriel scored, González to third, Hernández to second. Springer walked, González scored, Hernández to third, Marisnick to second. Bregman struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Musgrove pitching for Astros. Semien struck out swinging. Smolinski hit by pitch. Muncy grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Smolinski out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Altuve flied out to center. Correa grounded out to third. Gattis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Musgrove pitching for Astros. Crisp grounded out to second. Valencia walked. Vogt struck out swinging. Davis singled to right, Valencia to second. Healy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Gurriel grounded out to pitcher. González struck out swinging. Smith pitching for Athletics. Hernández struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Musgrove pitching for Astros. Alonso grounded out to second. Semien doubled to deep left center. Smolinski hit by pitch. Muncy walked, Semien to third, Smolinski to second. Crisp struck out swinging. Valencia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Marisnick struck out looking. Springer struck out swinging. Bregman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Musgrove pitching for Astros. Vogt singled to right center. Davis walked, Vogt to second. Healy lined out to left, Vogt to third. Gregerson pitching for Astros. Alonso grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Altuve homered to left (395 feet). Correa struck out looking. Gattis walked. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gattis out at second. González singled to right, Gurriel to third. González caught stealing second, catcher to second. Hernández batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Neshek pitching for Astros. Semien singled to left center. Smolinski flied out to center. Muncy struck out swinging. Crisp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Hernández doubled to left. Marisnick walked. Springer singled to center, Hernández to third, Marisnick to second. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Bregman singled to center, Hernández and Marisnick scored, Springer to third. Altuve lined into double play, second to first, Bregman doubled off first. Correa singled to right, Springer scored. Gattis flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Valencia flied out to right. Vogt flied out to right. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Gurriel singled to center. González struck out swinging. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gurriel out at second. Marisnick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Healy walked. Alonso struck out swinging. Semien flied out to right. Butler hit for Smolinski. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Healy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 0 - Astros 6.	Astros' Musgrove, relievers combine to 4-hit A's in 6-0 win