Angels - Top 1st. Peacock pitching for Astros. Escobar struck out swinging. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Chacin pitching for Angels. Springer reached on infield single to second. Gurriel struck out swinging. Altuve doubled to left center, Springer to third. Correa intentionally walked. Gattis struck out looking. González grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Pujols flied out to center. Cron struck out swinging. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Chacin pitching for Angels. White singled to center. Castro flied out to center. Marisnick grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, White out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Buss struck out looking. Bandy flied out to left. Petit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Chacin pitching for Angels. Springer lined out to third. Gurriel safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Escobar. Altuve walked, Gurriel to second. Correa walked, Gurriel to third, Altuve to second. Gattis hit sacrifice fly to right, Gurriel scored, Altuve to third. Altuve scored, Correa to second on wild pitch by Chacín. González struck out looking. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 4th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Escobar walked. Calhoun grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. Trout walked. Pujols doubled to deep center, Trout scored. Cron struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Chacin pitching for Angels. White grounded out to third. Castro grounded out to third. Marisnick struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Simmons grounded out to pitcher. Buss struck out swinging. Bandy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Chacin pitching for Angels. Springer reached on infield single to shortstop. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Springer out at second. Altuve flied out to right. Correa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Petit struck out looking. Escobar struck out looking. Calhoun singled to deep right. Trout walked, Calhoun to second. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Calhoun out at third, Trout to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Chacin pitching for Angels. Gattis flied out to right. González grounded out to pitcher. White lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. González at first base. Hernández in left field. Devenski pitching for Astros. Cron struck out swinging. Simmons struck out swinging. Buss struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Valdez pitching for Angels. Castro struck out swinging. Marisnick walked. Springer tripled to deep center, Marisnick scored. Gurriel singled to center, Springer scored. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gurriel out at second. Correa struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Bandy flied out to left. Ortega hit for Petit. Ortega singled to right. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop, Ortega to second. Calhoun singled to right, Ortega scored, Escobar to third. Gregerson pitching for Astros. Trout singled to center, Escobar scored, Calhoun to second. Pujols singled to left, Calhoun scored, Trout to second. Trout to third, Pujols to second on wild pitch by Gregerson. Cron hit sacrifice fly to center, Trout scored. Gustave pitching for Astros. Simmons flied out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Pennington at second base. Ortega in left field. Achter pitching for Angels. Gattis grounded out to shortstop. González singled to left. Hernández flied out to right. Álvarez pitching for Angels. Stassi hit for Castro. Stassi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, González out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Stassi catching. Gustave pitching for Astros. Pennington lined out to center. Bandy hit ground rule double to deep right. Ortega doubled to right, Bandy scored. Escobar grounded out to third. Chapman pitching for Astros. Calhoun hit ground rule double to deep right, Ortega scored. Neshek pitching for Astros. Trout doubled to left, Calhoun scored. Pujols intentionally walked. Cron singled to right, Trout scored, Pujols to second. Simmons safe at first on error by first baseman González, Pujols advanced to third on González error, Cron advanced to second on González error, Pujols scored, Cron to third, Simmons to second on throwing error by second baseman Altuve. Pennington lined out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Bailey pitching for Angels. Marisnick struck out swinging. Springer singled to center. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Springer out at second. Altuve grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Astros 4.	Angels score 9 runs in last 2 frames to beat Astros 10-4