Mets - Top 1st. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Rosario fouled out to first. Nimmo struck out looking. Alonso grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Porcello pitching for Mets. Acuña Jr. struck out swinging. Swanson grounded out to shortstop. Freeman singled to right center. Ozuna reached on infield single to first, Freeman to second. Adams singled to left, Freeman scored, Ozuna to third. d'Arnaud singled to center, Ozuna scored, Adams to second. Riley grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Davis struck out swinging. Conforto fouled out to left. Céspedes lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Porcello pitching for Mets. Hechavarria struck out looking. Inciarte struck out looking. Acuña Jr. doubled to left center. Swanson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Canó singled to deep center. Ramos struck out swinging. Gimenez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Canó out at second. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gimenez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Porcello pitching for Mets. Freeman struck out swinging. Ozuna fouled out to first. Adams fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Nimmo struck out looking. Alonso walked. Davis homered to left center (396 feet), Alonso scored. Conforto lined out to center. Céspedes lined out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Porcello pitching for Mets. d'Arnaud walked. d'Arnaud stole second. Riley walked. Hechavarria flied out to right. Inciarte grounded into fielder's choice to first, Riley out at second, d'Arnaud to third. Acuña Jr. flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Canó homered to right (426 feet). Ramos singled to right. Gimenez reached on bunt single to catcher, Ramos to second. Rosario flied out to right. Nimmo singled to left, Gimenez to second, Ramos to third. Chacín pitching for Braves. Alonso walked, Ramos scored, Nimmo to second, Gimenez to third. Davis struck out looking. Conforto walked, Gimenez scored, Alonso to second, Nimmo to third. Céspedes doubled to left, Nimmo scored and Alonso scored, Conforto to third. Canó singled to right, Conforto scored, Céspedes to third. Ramos struck out looking. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Porcello pitching for Mets. Swanson walked. Freeman safe at first on fielding error by left fielder Davis, Swanson safe at second on error. Sewald pitching for Mets. Ozuna fouled out to shortstop. Adams doubled to right, Swanson scored, Freeman to third. d'Arnaud singled to deep right, Freeman scored, Adams to third. Riley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Adams scored on error, Riley safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Canó, d'Arnaud out at second. Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Chacin pitching for Braves. Gimenez grounded out to third. Rosario homered to left (355 feet). Nimmo reached on infield single to catcher. Nimmo stole second, Nimmo safe at third on throwing error by catcher d'Arnaud. Alonso grounded out to shortstop. Davis singled to right center, Nimmo scored. Matzek pitching for Braves. Conforto fouled out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 6th. Shreve pitching for Mets. Inciarte walked. Acuña Jr. struck out swinging. Swanson doubled to deep right, Inciarte scored. Freeman struck out looking. Ozuna lined out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Matzek pitching for Braves. Céspedes popped out to first. Canó struck out looking. Ramos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Camargo hit for Adams. Shreve pitching for Mets. Camargo struck out swinging. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. Riley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Camargo as designated hitter. Dayton pitching for Braves. Gimenez reached on infield single to second. Rosario struck out swinging. Nimmo lined out to center. Alonso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Nimmo in left field. Cordell in center field. Betances pitching for Mets. Hechavarria singled to left. Inciarte walked, Hechavarria to second. Acuña Jr. struck out looking. Swanson singled to right, Hechavarria scored, Inciarte to second. Swanson stole second, Inciarte stole third. Freeman walked, Inciarte scored on Betances wild pitch, Swanson to third on wild pitch by Betances. Lugo pitching for Mets. Ozuna walked, Freeman to second. Camargo flied out to right. d'Arnaud doubled to deep right center, Ozuna scored, Swanson scored and Freeman scored. Albies hit for Riley. Albies flied out to center. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Duvall in left field. McNeil hit for Cordell. Albies at second base. Hechavarria at third base. Martin pitching for Braves. McNeil grounded out to pitcher. Conforto singled to right center. Céspedes struck out swinging. Canó walked, Conforto to second. Ramos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 10 - Braves 11.	Braves rally on d'Arnaud's 3-run double, beat Mets 11-10