Mets - Top 1st. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Nimmo grounded out to pitcher. Conforto struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Porcello pitching for Mets. Segura tripled to deep right. Hoskins singled to center, Segura scored. Harper singled to left, Hoskins to second. Realmuto fouled out to catcher. Gregorius struck out swinging. Bohm grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Smith singled to right. Canó grounded into fielder's choice to second, Smith out at second. Gimenez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Canó out at second. Ramos reached on infield single to pitcher, Gimenez safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Bohm, Gimenez out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Porcello pitching for Mets. Bruce grounded out to first. Knapp struck out looking. Kingery singled to shallow left. Segura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Guillorme walked. Hamilton sacrificed to pitcher, Guillorme to second. Nimmo struck out looking. Conforto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Porcello pitching for Mets. Hoskins lined out to right. Harper reached on infield single to third. Realmuto singled to center, Harper thrown out at third. Gregorius popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Davis reached on infield single to second. Smith flied out to left. Canó singled to left center, Davis to second. Gimenez lined out to left. Ramos hit by pitch, Canó to second, Davis to third. Guillorme reached on infield single to third, Canó scored and Davis scored, Ramos thrown out at third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Porcello pitching for Mets. Bohm singled to shallow center. Bruce flied out to right. Knapp struck out looking. Kingery struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. McCutchen in left field. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Hamilton grounded out to third. Nimmo flied out to left. Conforto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Porcello pitching for Mets. Segura struck out swinging. Hoskins flied out to right. Harper flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Smith struck out looking. Canó doubled to deep right. Gimenez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Porcello pitching for Mets. Realmuto doubled to third. Gregorius flied out to left. Bohm doubled to deep right, Realmuto scored. McCutchen homered to left (391 feet), Bohm scored. Knapp grounded out to third. Kingery grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Ramos popped out to shortstop. Guillorme lined out to left. Hamilton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Hughes pitching for Mets. Segura safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Davis. Walker ran for Segura. Walker to second on passed ball by Ramos. Hoskins struck out looking. Harper walked. Realmuto reached on infield single to third, Walker scored on fielding error by first baseman Smith, Harper safe at third on error. Gregorius singled to center, Harper scored, Realmuto to second. Bohm grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gregorius out at second, Realmuto to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Walker at second base. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Nimmo struck out looking. Conforto struck out swinging. Davis doubled to left. Smith grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Lugo pitching for Mets. McCutchen flied out to right. Knapp grounded out to first. Kingery reached on infield single to shortstop. Walker singled to shallow right center, Kingery to second. Hoskins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Canó fouled out to catcher. Rosario hit for Gimenez. Neris pitching for Phillies. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. McNeil hit for Ramos. McNeil lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 2 - Phillies 6.	McCutchen homer keys Phillies' 3-game sweep of Mets