Brewers - Top 1st . Nicasio pitching for Pirates . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Gennett struck out looking . Lucroy popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Davies pitching for Brewers . Jaso singled to left center . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jaso out at second . McCutchen caught stealing second , catcher to second . Freese walked . Joyce singled to right , Freese to second . Cervelli lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Nicasio pitching for Pirates . Carter struck out swinging . Flores struck out swinging . Hill lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Davies pitching for Brewers . Polanco walked . Harrison doubled to right center , Polanco to third . Mercer hit sacrifice fly to left , Polanco scored . Nicasio grounded out to second , Harrison to third . Jaso grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Nicasio pitching for Pirates . Nieuwenhuis grounded out to second . Davies grounded out to first . Villar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Davies pitching for Brewers . McCutchen grounded out to third . Freese walked . Joyce reached on infield single to shortstop , Freese to second . Cervelli singled to center , Freese to third , Joyce to second . Polanco singled to left , Freese scored , Joyce to third , Cervelli to second . Harrison singled to shallow center , Joyce scored , Cervelli to third , Polanco to second . Mercer safe at first on error by shortstop Villar , Cervelli and Polanco scored , Harrison to third . Nicasio reached on infield single to pitcher , Mercer to second . Cravy pitching for Brewers . Jaso singled to right , Harrison scored , Mercer to third , Nicasio to second . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mercer out at home , Nicasio to third , Jaso to second . Freese flied out to right . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Nicasio pitching for Pirates . Santana walked . Gennett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Santana out at second . Lucroy singled to left , Gennett to second . Carter singled to left , Gennett scored , Lucroy to second . Flores walked , Lucroy to third , Carter to second . Hill fouled out to first . Nieuwenhuis singled to center , Lucroy and Carter scored , Flores to third . Walsh hit for Cravy . Walsh struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Joyce singled to center . Cervelli walked , Joyce to second . Polanco grounded out to first , Joyce to third , Cervelli to second . Harrison lined out to shortstop . Mercer intentionally walked . Nicasio struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Nicasio pitching for Pirates . Villar reached on infield single to pitcher . Santana singled to left , Villar to second . Villar caught stealing third , catcher to third . Gennett popped out to shortstop . Lucroy popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Jaso grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen homered to center ( 430 feet ) . Freese singled to left . Joyce walked , Freese to second . Cervelli grounded into double play , third to second to first , Joyce out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Nicasio pitching for Pirates . Carter struck out looking . Flores flied out to center . Hill grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Boyer pitching for Brewers . Rivera at third base . Polanco singled to left . Harrison lined out to left . Mercer singled to right , Polanco to second . Figueroa hit for Nicasio . Figueroa lined out to left . Jaso walked , Polanco to third , Mercer to second . McCutchen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Caminero pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez at first base . Nieuwenhuis grounded out to first . Rivera struck out swinging . Villar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Torres pitching for Brewers . Freese flied out to center . Joyce struck out swinging . Cervelli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Marte in left field . Polanco in right field . Caminero pitching for Pirates . Santana walked . Gennett grounded out to pitcher , Santana to second . Lucroy grounded out to third . Carter walked . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Flores struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Torres pitching for Brewers . Polanco doubled to deep right . Harrison flied out to right . Mercer fouled out to second . Rodriguez homered to left ( 449 feet ) , Polanco scored . Stewart hit for Feliz . Stewart doubled to right center . Freeman pitching for Brewers . McCutchen lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Stewart catching . Scahill pitching for Pirates . Marte in center field . Cervelli at first base . Rodriguez in left field . Maldonado hit for Freeman . Maldonado grounded out to second . Nieuwenhuis grounded out to second . Rivera singled to center . Villar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Pirates 9 .	McCutchen homers , Pirates pound 17 hits , beat Brewers 9 - 3