Pirates - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Jaso singled to center . McCutchen doubled to deep left , Jaso to third . Polanco singled to shallow center , Jaso scored . Marte singled to center , McCutchen to third , Polanco to second . Cervelli struck out swinging . Kang hit sacrifice fly to right , McCutchen scored , Polanco to third . Harrison grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Locke pitching for Pirates . Carpenter doubled to center . Piscotty walked . Holliday walked , Carpenter to third , Piscotty to second . Grichuk singled to left , Carpenter and Piscotty scored , Holliday to second . Molina bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Holliday out at third , Grichuk to second . Adams grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Mercer singled to right center . Locke sacrificed to pitcher , Mercer to second . Jaso flied out to center . McCutchen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Gyorko grounded out to second . Díaz lined out to third . Wainwright hit ground rule double to left . Carpenter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Polanco struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Cervelli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Piscotty homered to center ( 406 feet ) . Holliday flied out to center . Grichuk grounded out to pitcher . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Kang grounded out to shortstop . Harrison lined out to left . Mercer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Adams grounded out to second . Gyorko grounded out to third . Díaz popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Locke lined out to shortstop . Jaso grounded out to second . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Wainwright grounded out to third . Carpenter struck out looking . Piscotty flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Polanco popped out to third . Marte grounded out to first . Cervelli singled to center . Kang grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Holliday lined out to left . Grichuk lined out to shortstop . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Harrison doubled to deep left . Mercer sacrificed to third , Harrison to third . Joyce hit for Locke . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Joyce grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Harrison out at home , Joyce to second . Jaso singled to center , Joyce scored . McCutchen walked , Jaso to second . Polanco grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Adams grounded out to third . Gyorko struck out swinging . Díaz doubled to deep left center . Moss hit for Oh . Moss flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Marte struck out swinging . Cervelli singled to center . Kang struck out swinging . Harrison singled to right , Cervelli to third . Mercer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Carpenter grounded out to second . Piscotty doubled to left . Holliday lined out to shortstop . Grichuk singled to center , Piscotty scored . Molina walked , Grichuk to second . Grichuk to third , Molina to second on wild pitch by Hughes . Adams walked . Gyorko flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Hazelbaker in left field . Freese hit for Hughes . Freese safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Díaz . Jaso walked , Freese to second . Rodriguez ran for Jaso . McCutchen struck out swinging . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rodriguez out at second , Freese to third . Marte hit ground rule double to deep left center , Freese scored , Polanco to third . Cervelli grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez at first base . Schugel pitching for Pirates . Díaz reached on infield single to shortstop . Hazelbaker flied out to left . Carpenter homered to right center ( 413 feet ) , Díaz scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 4 - Cardinals 6 .	Carpenter homers to lift Cardinals to 6 - 4 win over Pirates