Pirates - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Rangers . Mercer doubled to left . McCutchen doubled to deep center , Mercer scored . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , McCutchen out at second . Kang struck out swinging . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Freese out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Profar singled to center . Desmond flied out to left . Fielder struck out swinging . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Profar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Cervelli grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez popped out to second . Joyce walked . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Joyce out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Mazara fouled out to first . Rua struck out swinging . Moreland struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen grounded out to third . Freese homered to right ( 404 feet ) . Kang safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Beltré . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kang out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Holaday doubled to left . Alberto sacrificed to pitcher , Holaday to third . Profar grounded out to first . Desmond grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Cervelli singled to center . Rodriguez doubled to deep right center , Cervelli to third . Joyce grounded out to first . Stewart grounded out to second . Mercer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Fielder homered to right ( 404 feet ) . Beltré walked . Mazara flied out to right . Rua walked , Beltré to second . Moreland homered to right ( 440 feet ) , Beltré and Rua scored . Holaday flied out to right . Alberto struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Rangers . McCutchen lined out to second . Freese grounded out to second . Kang grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Profar grounded out to third . Desmond singled to right . Fielder grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Desmond out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Marte reached on bunt single to first . Cervelli singled to right , Marte to second . Rodriguez flied out to right . Marte stole third . Joyce struck out swinging . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cervelli out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Beltré singled to right . Mazara walked , Beltré to second . Rua walked , Beltré to third , Mazara to second . Moreland struck out swinging . Holaday hit sacrifice fly to center , Beltré scored . Alberto struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Bush pitching for Rangers . Mercer grounded out to pitcher . McCutchen grounded out to third . Freese grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Scahill pitching for Pirates . Profar singled to left . Desmond grounded out to pitcher , Profar to second . Fielder flied out to left . Beltré to first on wild pitch by Scahill . Beltré struck out swinging , Beltré safe at on error by player player , Profar scored , Beltré to first on throwing error by catcher Stewart . Mazara grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 8th . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Kang grounded out to third . Marte doubled to left . Cervelli grounded out to second , Marte to third . Rodriguez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Hoying hit for Rua . Hoying popped out to third . Moreland grounded out to second . Holaday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Hoying in left field . Dyson pitching for Rangers . Joyce grounded out to first . Jaso hit for Stewart . Jaso struck out swinging . Mercer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 2 - Rangers 6 .	Struggling Fielder , Moreland lead Rangers past Pirates 6 - 2