Cardinals - Top 1st . Niese pitching for Pirates . Gyorko flied out to right . Díaz struck out swinging . Holliday homered to right ( 367 feet ) . Piscotty grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Jaso lined out to third . McCutchen struck out swinging . Polanco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Niese pitching for Pirates . Peralta grounded out to third . Molina singled to left . Moss flied out to left . Grichuk struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Freese grounded out to second . Marte grounded out to third . Harrison flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Niese pitching for Pirates . Leake singled to left center . Leake to second on passed ball by Kratz . Gyorko struck out swinging . Díaz reached on infield single to second , Leake to third . Holliday singled to left , Leake scored , Díaz to third . Piscotty doubled to deep right center , Díaz scored , Holliday to third . Peralta grounded out to third , Holliday scored . Molina singled to right , Piscotty to third . Piscotty caught stealing home , catcher to shortstop to catcher . Moss batting . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Mercer singled to right . Kratz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mercer out at second . Niese struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Niese pitching for Pirates . Moss struck out swinging . Grichuk struck out swinging . Leake grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Jaso safe at first on error by first baseman Moss . McCutchen lined out to right . Polanco singled to right , Jaso to second . Jaso to third , Polanco to second on wild pitch by Leake . Freese reached on infield single to third , Jaso scored . Marte singled to left , Polanco scored , Freese to second , Marte to second , Freese thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Harrison grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Niese pitching for Pirates . Gyorko fouled out to first . Díaz grounded out to third . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Mercer grounded out to pitcher . Kratz struck out looking . Niese struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Niese pitching for Pirates . Piscotty walked . Peralta reached on infield single to pitcher , Piscotty to second . Molina singled to left , Piscotty scored , Peralta to third , Peralta scored , Molina to second on throwing error by left fielder Marte . Moss singled to center , Molina scored , Moss thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Grichuk homered to left ( 395 feet ) . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Leake singled to center . Gyorko grounded into double play , third to second to first , Leake out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Jaso struck out looking . McCutchen struck out swinging . Polanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Caminero pitching for Pirates . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . Holliday reached on infield single to third . Hazelbaker ran for Holliday . Piscotty flied out to right . Peralta flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Hazelbaker in left field . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Freese singled to center . Marte singled to center , Freese to second . Harrison lined out to center , Freese to third . Mercer grounded out to shortstop , Freese scored , Marte to second . Kratz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Luebke pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez at shortstop . Molina struck out swinging . Moss walked . Grichuk hit by pitch , Moss to second . Garcia hit for Leake . Garcia struck out looking . Gyorko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Rodriguez popped out to third . Jaso grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Luebke pitching for Pirates . Díaz grounded out to pitcher . Hazelbaker struck out swinging . Piscotty doubled to right . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Polanco struck out swinging . Freese flied out to center . Marte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Pirates 3 .	Holliday , Grichuk homer as Cardinals sweep Pirates , 8 - 3