Brewers - Top 1st . Nova pitching for Pirates . Broxton singled to center . Gennett flied out to left . Braun flied out to center . Broxton stole second . Pérez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Harrison singled to center . Bell walked , Harrison to second . McCutchen grounded out to second , Harrison to third , Bell to second . Polanco hit sacrifice fly to center , Harrison scored . Marte struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Nova pitching for Pirates . Carter grounded out to pitcher .   Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging . Nieuwenhuis batting . Arcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Cervelli walked . Mercer safe at first on error by third baseman Pérez , Cervelli to second . Nova sacrificed to catcher , Cervelli to third , Mercer to second . Harrison grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 3rd . Nova pitching for Pirates . Maldonado struck out swinging . Nelson grounded out to first . Broxton walked . Broxton stole second . Gennett lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Bell singled to right . McCutchen grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bell out at second . Polanco walked . Marte reached on infield single to shortstop , Polanco to second . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Braun struck out swinging . Pérez struck out looking . Carter singled to shallow left . Nieuwenhuis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Cervelli walked . Mercer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cervelli out at second . Nova struck out swinging . Harrison struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Arcia tripled to deep left . Maldonado grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Arcia out at home . Nelson sacrificed to first , Maldonado to second . Broxton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Bell flied out to left . McCutchen walked . Polanco grounded into double play , first to shortstop , McCutchen out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Gennett doubled to deep center . Braun grounded out to shortstop , Gennett to third . Pérez fouled out to catcher . Carter homered to left ( 401 feet ) , Gennett scored . Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Marte singled to left center . Marte stole second . Freese grounded out to third . Cervelli walked . Mariñez pitching for Brewers . Mercer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cervelli out at second , Marte to third . Joyce hit for Nova . Suter pitching for Brewers . Joyce grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Arcia doubled to left . Maldonado sacrificed to first , Arcia to third . Santana hit for Suter . Santana walked . Broxton reached on bunt single to catcher , Santana to second . Gennett grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Broxton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Torres pitching for Brewers . Harrison singled to center . Bell grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Harrison out at second . McCutchen homered to right center ( 397 feet ) . Polanco struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Braun singled to left . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Braun out at second . Carter singled to right , Pérez to third . Elmore hit for Nieuwenhuis . Rodriguez at first base . Elmore walked , Carter to second . Rivero pitching for Pirates . Arcia singled to right , Pérez scored , Carter to third , Elmore to second . Maldonado struck out swinging . Piña hit for Torres . Piña singled to left , Carter and Elmore scored , Arcia to second , Arcia to third advancing on throw . Marte pitching for Pirates . Broxton singled to center , Arcia scored , Piña to second . Gennett walked , Piña to third , Broxton to second . Braun struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Elmore in right field . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Marte homered to center ( 444 feet ) . Freese struck out looking . Cervelli hit by pitch . Mercer singled to left , Cervelli to second . Jaso hit for Marte . Boyer pitching for Brewers . Jaso singled to center , Cervelli scored , Mercer to second . Hanson ran for Jaso . Harrison grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hanson out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Pérez tripled to deep right . Carter singled to left , Pérez scored . Elmore grounded out to shortstop , Carter to second . Arcia grounded out to shortstop , Carter to third . Maldonado grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Thornburg pitching for Brewers . Rodriguez flied out to right . McCutchen fouled out to first . Polanco struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 7 - Pirates 4 .	Arcia helps Brewers beat sliding Pirates 7 - 4