Cardinals - Top 1st . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . Carpenter doubled to deep right . Gyorko walked . Piscotty struck out swinging . Adams grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gyorko out at second , Carpenter to third . Molina walked , Adams to second . Grichuk grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Harrison singled to left . Jaso walked , Harrison to second . McCutchen grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jaso out at second , Harrison to third . Polanco lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . Hazelbaker walked . Wong grounded out to second , Hazelbaker to second . Wainwright doubled to deep center , Hazelbaker scored . Carpenter hit by pitch . Gyorko struck out looking . Piscotty doubled to deep center , Wainwright and Carpenter scored . Adams reached on infield single to first , Piscotty to third . Molina grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Marte singled to left . Freese singled to right , Marte to third . Cervelli singled to center , Marte scored , Freese to second . Mercer lined out to right . Bell hit for Kuhl . Bell doubled to deep left , Freese scored , Cervelli to third . Harrison grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cervelli out at home . Jaso struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Bell at first base . Grichuk walked . Hazelbaker sacrificed to third , Grichuk to second . Wong singled to right , Grichuk scored . Wainwright flied out to right . Wong to second on wild pitch by Locke . Carpenter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen flied out to right . Polanco struck out swinging . Marte popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Gyorko homered to left ( 393 feet ) . Piscotty safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Freese . Adams lined out to right . Molina reached on infield single to third , Piscotty to second . Grichuk grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Piscotty to third , Molina safe at second on error by first baseman Bell . Pham hit for Hazelbaker . Pham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Piscotty scored , Grichuk out at second , Molina to third . Wong walked , Pham to second . Wainwright singled to left center , Molina and Pham scored , Wong to third . Carpenter struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Pham in left field . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Freese struck out looking . Cervelli struck out swinging . Mercer lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Fryer catching . Locke pitching for Pirates . Gyorko popped out to shortstop . Piscotty hit by pitch . Adams homered to center ( 427 feet ) , Piscotty scored . Molina flied out to left . Grichuk lined out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Garcia at second base . Wong in right field . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Bell grounded out to pitcher . Harrison singled to center . Kang hit for Locke . Kang struck out looking . McCutchen homered to center ( 428 feet ) , Harrison scored . Polanco lined out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Frazier in right field . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Pham grounded out to second . Wong grounded out to first . Peña hit for Wainwright . Peña doubled to center . Carpenter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Marte struck out swinging . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Fryer singled to center . Mercer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop . Garcia grounded out to shortstop . Adams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Kelly catching . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Bell lined out to center . Harrison struck out swinging . Frazier singled to left center . McCutchen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Hanson at second base . Bastardo pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez in center field . Kelly doubled to deep center . Grichuk doubled to deep left , Kelly scored . Pham struck out looking . Wong singled to right , Grichuk to third . Peralta hit for Broxton . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to left , Grichuk scored . Carpenter struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Socolovich pitching for Cardinals . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Marte reached on infield single to second . Freese lined out to center . Fryer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Rogers at third base . Watson pitching for Pirates . Gyorko singled to center . Garcia grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gyorko out at second . Adams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Socolovich pitching for Cardinals . Mercer tripled to deep center . Bell hit sacrifice fly to center , Mercer scored . Hanson flied out to center . Frazier homered to right ( 388 feet ) . Rogers struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 12 - Pirates 6 .	Cardinals wallop reeling Pirates 12 - 6