Pirates - Top 1st . Hellickson pitching for Phillies . Frazier singled to right . Bell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Frazier out at second . Bell to second on wild pitch by Hellickson . McCutchen walked . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Bell scored on error by first baseman Howard , McCutchen safe at third on error by first baseman Howard . Kang struck out swinging . Cervelli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Cole pitching for Pirates . Hernández walked . Hernández caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Quinn walked . Franco struck out looking . Quinn stole second . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Hellickson pitching for Phillies . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Mercer grounded out to second . Cole singled to center . Frazier struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Cole pitching for Pirates . Rupp lined out to left . Galvis homered to right ( 352 feet ) . Herrera singled to center . Herrera to second on passed ball by Cervelli . Asche doubled to deep right , Herrera scored . Hellickson walked . Hernández walked , Asche to third , Hellickson to second . Quinn doubled to deep left , Asche and Hellickson scored , Hernández to third . Franco grounded out to second , Hernández scored , Quinn to third . Howard struck out looking . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Hellickson pitching for Phillies . Bell walked . McCutchen flied out to left . Polanco grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Bell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Nicasio pitching for Pirates . Rupp struck out swinging . Galvis struck out swinging . Herrera walked . Herrera stole second . Asche walked . Hellickson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Hellickson pitching for Phillies . Kang grounded out to third . Cervelli struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Nicasio pitching for Pirates . Hernández struck out looking . Quinn flied out to center . Franco singled to right . Franco to second on wild pitch by Nicasio . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Hellickson pitching for Phillies . Mercer struck out swinging . Jaso hit for Nicasio . Jaso fouled out to third . Frazier popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Bastardo pitching for Pirates . Bell in right field . Polanco in left field . Jaso at first base . Rupp doubled to deep left . Galvis lined out to center , Rupp to third . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Asche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Hellickson pitching for Phillies . Bell flied out to left . McCutchen lined out to right . Polanco lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Bastardo pitching for Pirates . Hellickson struck out swinging . Hernández walked . Quinn doubled to deep center , Hernández to third , Hernández scored on error by shortstop Mercer . Franco fouled out to left . Joseph hit for Howard . Joseph popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 7th . Joseph at first base . Hellickson pitching for Phillies . Kang singled to left . Cervelli grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kang out at second . Rodriguez walked , Cervelli to second . Ramos pitching for Phillies . Mercer grounded out to pitcher , Cervelli to third , Rodriguez to second . Jaso lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Rivero pitching for Pirates . Rupp walked . Galvis grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Rupp out at second . Herrera singled to center . Bourjos hit for Asche . Bourjos grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Herrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Quinn in left field . Bourjos in right field . Neris pitching for Phillies . Joyce hit for Rivero . Joyce grounded out to second . Bell grounded out to second . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Alfaro hit for Neris . Alfaro reached on infield single to third . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Alfaro out at second . Quinn grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hernández out at second . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Gómez pitching for Phillies . Polanco struck out swinging . Kang reached on infield single to pitcher , Kang to second on throwing error by pitcher Gómez . Cervelli grounded out to third . Rodriguez singled to center , Kang scored . Rodriguez to second on fielder 's indifference . Mercer flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 2 - Phillies 6 .	Mighty Quinn : Rookie outfielder leads Phillies past Pirates