Pirates - Top 1st . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Frazier singled to right . Bell singled to left , Frazier to second . McCutchen struck out looking . Polanco walked , Frazier to third , Bell to second . Freese grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Brault pitching for Pirates . Hernández struck out swinging . Quinn grounded out to second . Franco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Rodriguez singled to left . Rodriguez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Mercer lined out to left . Fryer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Brault pitching for Pirates . Joseph singled to center . Rupp grounded out to third , Joseph to second . Galvis homered to left ( 363 feet ) , Joseph scored . Altherr singled to left . Goeddel singled to center , Altherr to second . Thompson struck out swinging . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Brault flied out to center . Frazier struck out looking . Bell popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Brault pitching for Pirates . Quinn reached on infield single to pitcher . Franco singled to left , Quinn to second . Joseph grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Quinn out at third , Franco to second . Rupp doubled to left , Franco scored , Joseph to third . Galvis lined out to right . Altherr safe at first on error by third baseman Freese , Joseph scored , Rupp to third . Goeddel grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 4th . Thompson pitching for Phillies . McCutchen homered to left ( 343 feet ) . Polanco walked . Polanco stole second . Freese singled to left , Polanco to third . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to center , Polanco scored , Freese to second . Mercer struck out looking . Fryer grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Brault pitching for Pirates . Thompson lined out to right . Hernández reached on bunt single to catcher , Hernández to second on throwing error by catcher Fryer . Quinn struck out swinging . Franco doubled to deep left center , Hernández scored . Phillips pitching for Pirates . Joseph struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 5th . Jaso hit for Phillips . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Jaso grounded out to shortstop . Frazier walked . Bell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Frazier out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Hutchison pitching for Pirates . Rupp grounded out to second . Galvis singled to right . Altherr singled to left , Galvis to second . Goeddel reached on infield single to second , Galvis to third , Altherr to second . Thompson struck out swinging . Hernández grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Thompson pitching for Phillies . McCutchen flied out to right . Polanco singled to left center . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Hutchison pitching for Pirates . Quinn struck out swinging . Franco grounded out to third . Joseph homered to left ( 381 feet ) . Rupp flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Mariot pitching for Phillies . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . Mercer grounded out to second . Fryer walked . Joyce hit for Hutchison . Rodríguez pitching for Phillies . Joyce walked , Fryer to second . Kang hit for Frazier . Ramos pitching for Phillies . Ellis catching . Kang struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . LeBlanc pitching for Pirates . Joyce in left field . Galvis lined out to third . Altherr singled to left . Altherr caught stealing second , catcher to second . Goeddel fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Ramos pitching for Phillies . Bell flied out to left . McCutchen singled to right . Polanco flied out to right . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . LeBlanc pitching for Pirates . Ellis struck out looking . Hernández struck out swinging . Quinn doubled to left . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . García pitching for Phillies . Rodriguez singled to center . Mercer struck out swinging . Cervelli hit for Fryer . Cervelli walked , Rodriguez to second . Gómez pitching for Phillies . Joyce singled to center , Rodriguez thrown out at home , Cervelli to second . Rogers hit for LeBlanc . Cervelli to third , Joyce to second on wild pitch by Gómez . Rogers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 2 - Phillies 6 .	Galvis hits 19th homer to lead Phillies past Pirates 6 - 2