Orioles - Top 1st. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Rickard struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. Machado flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Miley pitching for Orioles. Gardner singled to right. Hicks grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Gardner out at second. Holliday homered to left center (430 feet). Castro walked. Judge walked, Castro to second. Headley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Trumbo flied out to left. Castillo struck out swinging. Mancini flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Miley pitching for Orioles. Gregorius singled to right center. Carter doubled to deep right, Gregorius to third. Higashioka struck out swinging. Gardner struck out swinging. Hicks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Schoop flied out to right. Gentry reached on infield single to shortstop. Gentry stole second. Hardy walked. Rickard struck out swinging, Gentry to third on wild pitch by Montgomery. Jones singled to right, Gentry scored, Hardy to third. Machado walked, Jones to second. Trumbo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Miley pitching for Orioles. Holliday flied out to center. Castro walked. Judge walked, Castro to second. Headley singled to right center, Castro scored, Judge to second. Gregorius singled to right, Judge to third, Headley to second. Carter struck out swinging. Higashioka popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Castillo struck out swinging. Mancini flied out to center. Schoop safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Headley. Gentry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Miley pitching for Orioles. Gardner bunt grounded out to pitcher. Hicks reached on infield single to first. Holliday walked, Hicks to second. Castro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Hardy grounded out to first. Rickard singled to left. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rickard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Miley pitching for Orioles. Judge singled to left. Headley lined out to second. Gregorius struck out swinging. Carter flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Machado walked. Trumbo walked, Machado to second. Holder pitching for Yankees. Castillo singled to center, Machado to third, Trumbo to second. Mancini grounded into fielder's choice to third, Machado scored, Castillo out at second, Trumbo to third. Schoop doubled to center, Trumbo scored, Mancini to third. Gentry grounded out to shortstop, Mancini scored. Hardy walked. Rickard lined out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Givens pitching for Orioles. Higashioka grounded out to third. Gardner lined out to left. Hicks lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Clippard pitching for Yankees. Jones reached on infield single to third. Machado flied out to right. Trumbo struck out swinging. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Givens pitching for Orioles. Holliday grounded out to second. Castro singled to right center. Judge struck out swinging. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Betances pitching for Yankees. Mancini struck out swinging. Schoop struck out looking. Gentry walked. Gentry stole second. Hardy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Brach pitching for Orioles. Gregorius grounded out to second. Carter singled to right. Ellsbury hit for Higashioka. Ellsbury popped out to second. Gardner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Romine catching. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Rickard grounded out to shortstop. Jones singled to left. Machado struck out swinging. Trumbo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Hicks fouled out to catcher. Holliday singled to center. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Holliday out at second. Judge walked, Castro to second. Castro to third, Judge to second on balk by O'Day. Manager Showalter ejected by Scheurwater in the 9th. Headley walked. Hart pitching for Orioles. Gregorius singled to right center, Castro and Judge scored, Headley to third. Gregorius to second on fielder's indifference. Carter struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 10th. Mitchell at first base. Chapman pitching for Yankees. Castillo singled to center. Mancini struck out swinging. Schoop fouled out to first. Gentry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 10th. Verrett pitching for Orioles. Romine singled to shallow right. Gardner sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Romine to second. Hicks sacrificed to pitcher, Romine to third, Gardner to second. Bird hit for Chapman. Bird hit by pitch. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Romine out at home, Gardner to third, Bird to second. Judge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 11th. Bird at first base. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Hardy fouled out to first. Rickard singled to right. Jones lined out to right. Rickard stole second. Machado intentionally walked. Trumbo singled to center, Rickard scored, Machado to second. Castillo singled to right, Machado and Trumbo scored. Mancini flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 11th. Davis at first base. Verrett pitching for Orioles. Headley struck out swinging. Gregorius flied out to left. Torreyes hit for Mitchell. Torreyes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 7 - Yankees 4.	Orioles blow lead, rally to beat Yankees 7-4 in 11 innings