Brewers - Top 1st. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Villar grounded out to second. Santana singled to right center. Braun struck out looking. Shaw struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Gardner walked. Headley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gardner out at second. Judge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Aguilar singled to center. Pérez singled to left, Aguilar to second. Piña grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pérez out at second, Aguilar to third. Broxton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Sánchez grounded out to shortstop. Gregorius singled to deep right, Gregorius to third on error by right fielder Santana. Frazier hit sacrifice fly to right, Gregorius scored. Choi walked. Romine safe at second on error by right fielder Santana, Choi to third. Wade popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Arcia popped out to first. Villar flied out to right. Santana flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Gardner walked. Headley struck out looking. Judge grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gardner safe at second on error by second baseman Villar. Gardner caught stealing third, catcher to second to third, Judge to second on runner's fielder's choice. Sánchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Braun doubled to deep center. Shaw grounded out to second, Braun to third. Aguilar homered to right (380 feet), Braun scored. Pérez flied out to left. Piña struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Gregorius safe at first on error by second baseman Villar. Frazier struck out looking. Choi homered to right (350 feet), Gregorius scored. Romine safe at first on error by first baseman Aguilar. Wade struck out looking. Hader pitching for Brewers. Gardner walked, Romine to second. Headley struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Broxton lined out to left. Arcia singled to center. Villar singled to center, Arcia to second. Webb pitching for Yankees. Santana lined into double play, to second, Arcia doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Hader pitching for Brewers. Judge homered to center (432 feet). Sánchez lined out to center. Gregorius struck out swinging. Frazier struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Webb pitching for Yankees. Braun walked. Shaw doubled to left, Braun to third. Clippard pitching for Yankees. Braun scored, Shaw to third on wild pitch by Clippard. Aguilar hit sacrifice fly to center, Shaw scored. Pérez safe at first on error by first baseman Choi. Piña struck out swinging. Broxton grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Hader pitching for Brewers. Choi struck out swinging. Romine struck out swinging. Wade struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Clippard pitching for Yankees. Arcia flied out to center. Villar walked. Santana walked, Villar to second. Braun flied out to center, Villar to third, Santana to second. Shaw intentionally walked. Aguilar homered to center (424 feet), Villar, Santana and Shaw scored. Shreve pitching for Yankees. Pérez doubled to center. Piña singled to center, Pérez scored, Piña to second advancing on throw. Broxton walked. Arcia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Piña out at third, Broxton to second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Hader pitching for Brewers. Gardner walked. Headley fouled out to first. Hughes pitching for Brewers. Judge hit by pitch, Gardner to second. Sánchez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Judge out at second, Gardner to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Cessa pitching for Yankees. Villar grounded out to shortstop. Santana doubled to left. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Santana out at third. Shaw grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Drake pitching for Brewers. Gregorius popped out to second. Frazier tripled to deep left center. Choi struck out swinging. Romine grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Cessa pitching for Yankees. Aguilar popped out to second. Pérez singled to right. Piña singled to center, Pérez to second. Broxton flied out to center, Pérez to third. Arcia grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Barnes pitching for Brewers. Wade grounded out to first. Gardner struck out swinging. Headley walked. Headley to second on fielder's indifference. Judge grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 9 - Yankees 4.	Aguilar's slam, 7 RBIs send Brewers past skidding Yanks, 9-4