Yankees - Top 1st. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Gardner reached on infield single to second. Hicks grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gardner out at second. Sánchez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Yankees. Kinsler flied out to center. Mahtook lined out to first. Upton homered to left (422 feet). Cabrera flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Judge singled to center. Judge to second on wild pitch by Fulmer. Gregorius grounded out to second, Judge to third. Headley singled to left, Judge scored. Frazier walked, Headley to second. Torreyes lined into double play, second to shortstop, Headley doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Yankees. Castellanos grounded out to third. McCann flied out to center. Hicks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Romine popped out to first. Gardner grounded out to third. Hicks struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Garcia pitching for Yankees. Jones struck out swinging. Iglesias singled to right center. Kinsler fouled out to first. Iglesias stole second. Mahtook walked. Upton walked, Iglesias to third, Mahtook to second. Cabrera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Sánchez homered to center (432 feet). Judge grounded out to shortstop. Gregorius safe at second on error by first baseman Hicks. Headley grounded out to first, Gregorius to third. Frazier popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Garcia pitching for Yankees. Castellanos doubled to center. McCann lined out to left, Castellanos to third. Hicks singled to left, Castellanos scored. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hicks out at second. Jones stole second. Iglesias walked. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to second, Iglesias out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Torreyes safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler. Romine grounded out to shortstop, Torreyes to second. Gardner reached on infield single to shortstop, Torreyes to third. Hicks hit sacrifice fly to center, Torreyes scored. Sánchez hit by pitch, Gardner to second. Judge struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Garcia pitching for Yankees. Mahtook safe at first on error by shortstop Gregorius. Upton doubled to deep left, Mahtook to third. Warren pitching for Yankees. Cabrera struck out swinging. Castellanos hit sacrifice fly to center, Mahtook scored, Upton to third. McCann walked. Hicks walked, McCann to second. Jones singled to right center, Upton and McCann scored, Hicks to third. Iglesias hit ground rule double to deep center, Hicks scored, Jones to third. Kahnle pitching for Yankees. Kinsler struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Gregorius flied out to left. Headley struck out looking. Frazier grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Kahnle pitching for Yankees. Mahtook struck out swinging. Upton struck out swinging. Kahnle ejected. Chapman to pitcher. Cabrera and Au. Romine ejected. Machado hit for Cabrera. Sánchez to catcher. Machado batting. Machado singled to left. Machado stole second. Castellanos grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Torreyes walked. Ellsbury hit for Chapman. Ellsbury walked, Torreyes to second. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Torreyes to third, Ellsbury to second on wild pitch by Stumpf. Gardner singled to center, Torreyes scored, Ellsbury to third. Hicks hit sacrifice fly to left, Ellsbury scored, Gardner to second. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Sánchez singled to center, Gardner scored. Judge grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sánchez out at second. Gregorius flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Betances pitching for Yankees. McCann hit by pitch. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Hicks hit by pitch, McCann to second. Jones walked, McCann to third, Hicks to second. Iglesias doubled to deep left center, McCann, Hicks and Jones scored. Kinsler struck out swinging. Mahtook struck out swinging. Upton intentionally walked. Machado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Upton out at second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Headley popped out to shortstop. Frazier hit by pitch. Greene pitching for Tigers. Torreyes flied out to right. Ellsbury struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Yankees. Castellanos grounded out to second. McCann homered to left center (433 feet). Hicks struck out swinging. Jones singled to left, Jones out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Romine at third base. Greene pitching for Tigers. Gardner singled to right. Hicks grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Gardner out at second. Sánchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 6 - Tigers 10.	3 bench-clearers, 8 ejections as Tigers top Yankees 10-6