Mariners - Top 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Segura lined out to right. Alonso singled to left center, Alonso to second on error by left fielder Hicks. Canó singled to center, Alonso to third. Cruz doubled to deep left, Alonso scored, Canó to third. Seager struck out swinging. Haniger flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Albers pitching for Mariners. Hicks popped out to shortstop. Castro doubled to deep right. Sánchez singled to left center, Castro scored, Sánchez to second on error by left fielder Gamel. Judge walked. Gregorius safe at first on error by shortstop Segura, Sánchez to third, Judge to second. Headley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sánchez scored, Judge safe at third on error by third baseman Seager, Gregorius to second. Frazier struck out swinging. Torreyes reached on infield single to third, Ellsbury scored. Hicks flied out to center. 6 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Gamel struck out swinging. Zunino struck out swinging. Heredia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Albers pitching for Mariners. Castro reached on infield single to third. Sánchez singled to right, Castro to second. Judge struck out looking. Gregorius grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sánchez out at second, Castro to third. Headley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Segura reached on infield single to third. Alonso flied out to center. Canó grounded into fielder's choice to first, Segura out at second. Cruz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Albers pitching for Mariners. Frazier struck out looking. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Torreyes singled to shallow center. Hicks singled to right, Torreyes to second. Castro singled to center, Torreyes scored, Hicks to third. Sánchez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castro out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Seager walked. Haniger struck out swinging. Gamel grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Albers pitching for Mariners. Judge doubled to shallow left. Gregorius grounded out to pitcher. Headley flied out to left. Frazier flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Zunino reached on infield single to third. Heredia singled to center, Zunino to second. Segura struck out swinging. Alonso grounded out to first, Zunino to third, Heredia to second. Canó grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Albers pitching for Mariners. Ellsbury struck out looking. Torreyes grounded out to shortstop. Hicks popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Cruz safe at first on error by third baseman Frazier. Seager struck out swinging. Haniger struck out swinging. Gamel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Albers pitching for Mariners. Castro singled to center. Sánchez walked, Castro to second. Altavilla pitching for Mariners. Castro to third, Sánchez to second on wild pitch by Altavilla. Judge walked. Gregorius struck out swinging. Headley hit sacrifice fly, center to first to shortstop, Castro scored, Sánchez out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Zunino struck out swinging. Heredia struck out swinging. Segura grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Altavilla pitching for Mariners. Frazier walked. Ellsbury singled to right, Frazier to second. Torreyes singled to shallow left, Frazier to third, Ellsbury to second. Hicks popped out to shortstop. Bird singled to right, Frazier and Ellsbury scored, Torreyes to third. Sánchez struck out swinging. Judge struck out looking. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Yankees. Alonso flied out to center. Motter flied out to right. Cruz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Altavilla pitching for Mariners. Gregorius singled to right center. Romine grounded out to pitcher, Gregorius to second. Frazier struck out swinging. Ellsbury grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Smith pitching for Yankees. Seager struck out looking. Haniger grounded out to third. Valencia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 1 - Yankees 10.	Mariners make 5 errors in 1st in loss to Yanks