Red Sox - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Davis struck out swinging. Núñez safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Sabathia. Benintendi walked, Núñez to second. Betts walked, Núñez to third, Benintendi to second. Bogaerts struck out looking. Devers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Gardner hit by pitch. Hicks flied out to left. Sánchez struck out swinging. Gregorius walked, Gardner to second. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Ramírez grounded out to second. Young flied out to right. Vázquez singled to right. Davis struck out swinging. Núñez batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Judge walked. Headley flied out to right. Bird flied out to left. Frazier flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Núñez singled to center. Benintendi singled to center, Núñez to third, Benintendi out stretching at second. Betts walked. Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop, Núñez scored, Betts to second. Betts stole third. Devers walked. Ramírez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Gardner singled to left. Hicks lined into double play, pitcher to first, Gardner out at first. Sánchez homered to right (357 feet). Gregorius fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Young grounded out to third. Vázquez grounded out to second. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Castro doubled to right center. Judge flied out to center, Castro to third. Headley struck out swinging. Bird flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. Benintendi singled to right. Betts struck out looking. Benintendi caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Frazier struck out looking. Gardner singled to center. Hicks reached on infield single to second, Gardner to third. Sánchez singled to right, Gardner scored, Hicks to second. Gregorius flied out to center. Castro reached on infield single to shortstop, Hicks to third, Sánchez to second. Judge popped out to first. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Bogaerts struck out looking. Devers walked. Ramírez hit into fielder's choice to right, Devers out at second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramírez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Headley doubled to deep center. Bird homered to right (390 feet), Headley scored. Frazier singled to left center. Abad pitching for Red Sox. Gardner struck out swinging. Hicks reached on infield single to second, Frazier to second. Sánchez lined out to center. Gregorius singled to center, Frazier scored, Hicks to second. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gregorius out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Vázquez grounded out to shortstop. Holt hit for Davis. Holt lined out to center. Núñez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Holt in left field. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Judge walked. Headley singled to center, Judge to third. Bird singled to left center, Judge scored, Headley to second. Frazier walked, Headley to third, Bird to second. Scott pitching for Red Sox. Gardner lined into double play, second to shortstop, Bird doubled off second. Hicks struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Benintendi walked. Betts grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Benintendi safe at second on error by pitcher Robertson. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Devers grounded out to second, Benintendi to third, Betts to second. Ramírez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Boyer pitching for Red Sox. Sánchez struck out swinging. Gregorius fouled out to catcher. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Betances pitching for Yankees. Young walked. Vázquez hit by pitch, Young to second. Holt hit by pitch, Young to third, Vázquez to second. Núñez struck out swinging. Benintendi walked, Young scored, Vázquez to third, Holt to second. Betts popped out to second. Moreland hit for Bogaerts. Moreland flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 2 - Yankees 6.	Sabathia stifles Red Sox again as Yanks win opener 6-2