Orioles - Top 1st. Severino pitching for Yankees. Beckham flied out to right. Machado struck out swinging. Schoop flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Gardner doubled to deep center. Judge struck out swinging. Sánchez singled to left center, Gardner to third. Gregorius hit sacrifice fly to right, Gardner scored. Castro struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Severino pitching for Yankees. Mancini singled to left. Trumbo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mancini out at second. Davis walked. Castillo homered to right (346 feet), Davis scored. Álvarez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Headley reached on bunt single to third. Ellsbury flied out to center. Holliday singled to left center, Headley to second. Bird grounded into fielder's choice to first, Headley scored on error by first baseman Davis, Holliday safe at third on error by first baseman Davis. Gardner struck out swinging. Judge struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 3rd. Severino pitching for Yankees. Hays grounded out to first. Beckham flied out to right. Machado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Sánchez lined out to left. Gregorius walked. Castro grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Gregorius out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Schoop grounded out to shortstop. Mancini grounded out to shortstop. Trumbo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Headley grounded out to first. Ellsbury flied out to right. Holliday reached on infield single to third. Bird struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Davis struck out swinging. Castillo popped out to shortstop. Álvarez doubled to deep left. Hays struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Gardner fouled out to first. Judge walked. Castro pitching for Orioles. Judge stole second. Sánchez grounded out to catcher. Gregorius homered to right (418 feet), Judge scored. Castro grounded out to catcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. Machado popped out to shortstop. Schoop safe at first on error by third baseman Headley. Mancini grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schoop out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Castro pitching for Orioles. Headley singled to left, Headley out stretching at second. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Holliday grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Trumbo flied out to right. Davis grounded out to second. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Castro pitching for Orioles. Bird walked. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bird safe at second on error by second baseman Schoop. Givens pitching for Orioles. Judge walked, Bird to third, Gardner to second. Sánchez singled to right center, Bird scored, Gardner to third, Judge to second. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Gregorius hit sacrifice fly to center, Gardner scored. Castro lined out to shortstop. Headley singled to right, Judge scored, Sánchez to second, Sánchez thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 8th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Álvarez grounded out to third. Smith hit for Hays. Smith grounded out to pitcher. Beckham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Rickard in center field. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to second. Bird homered to right (378 feet). Gardner grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Machado walked. Machado to second on wild pitch by Robertson. Schoop lined out to right. Mancini grounded out to shortstop. Machado to third on wild pitch by Robertson. Trumbo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 2 - Yankees 8.	Gregorius' 4 RBIs back Severino as Yanks beat Orioles 8-2