Yankees - Top 1st. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Gardner grounded out to second. Headley grounded out to first. Judge grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Yankees. Hernández homered to left center (420 feet). Donaldson flied out to left. Smoak struck out looking. Bautista singled to right. Bautista to second on wild pitch by García. Morales lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Gregorius flied out to center. Castro singled to center. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to second, Castro out at second. Frazier flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Yankees. Pillar doubled to left. Pillar stole third. Martin struck out swinging. Barney hit sacrifice fly to center, Pillar scored. Goins walked. Hernández struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Bird walked. Romine grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bird out at second. Gardner grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Garcia pitching for Yankees. Donaldson struck out swinging. Smoak doubled to deep center. Bautista walked. Morales walked, Smoak to third, Bautista to second. Holder pitching for Yankees. Pillar fouled out to third. Martin doubled to deep right, Smoak, Bautista and Morales scored. Barney struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Headley walked. Judge walked, Headley to second. Gregorius singled to center, Headley scored, Judge to second. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gregorius out at second, Judge to third. Ellsbury struck out looking. Frazier struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Goins singled to left. Hernández walked, Goins to second. Donaldson singled to center, Goins scored, Hernández to second. Hernández to third, Donaldson to second on wild pitch by Mitchell. Smoak walked. Bautista singled to right, Hernández scored, Donaldson to third, Smoak to second. Morales singled to left center, Donaldson and Smoak scored, Bautista thrown out at home. Pillar hit by pitch, Morales to second. Heller pitching for Yankees. Martin grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pillar out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Bird grounded out to shortstop. Romine doubled to right. Gardner grounded out to second, Romine to third. Headley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Heller pitching for Yankees. Barney flied out to center. Goins singled to right. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to left, Goins safe at second on error by third baseman Frazier. Donaldson flied out to center. Smoak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Judge homered to left (378 feet). Gregorius grounded out to first. Castro grounded out to third. Ellsbury hit ground rule double to deep center. Frazier walked. Dermody pitching for Blue Jays. Bird doubled to deep right, Ellsbury scored, Frazier to third. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Romine grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Gallegos pitching for Yankees. Bautista flied out to right. Morales struck out swinging. Pillar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Gardner grounded out to second. Headley singled to center. Judge homered to left center (391 feet), Headley scored. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Gregorius struck out swinging. Castro singled to center. Ellsbury struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Gallegos pitching for Yankees. Martin doubled to left. Barney sacrificed to pitcher, Martin to third. Goins grounded out to second. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Koehler pitching for Blue Jays. Frazier popped out to shortstop. Bird grounded out to second. Romine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Betances pitching for Yankees. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. Smoak hit by pitch. Bautista fouled out to third. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Osuna pitching for Blue Jays. Gardner struck out swinging. Carrera in right field. Headley struck out looking. Judge struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 5 - Blue Jays 9.	Bautista has 2 hits in home finale, Blue Jays beat Yanks 9-5