Padres - Top 1st. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Giles flied out to right. Cruz Jr walked. Giles singled to center, Cruz Jr to second. Gonzalez homered to center, Cruz Jr and Giles scored. Cameron flied out to center. Greene flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Young pitching for Padres. Carroll singled to right center. Finley fouled out to catcher. Atkins flied out to right. Carroll stole second. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Branyan grounded out to second. Bowen doubled to deep right. Young singled to shallow right, Bowen to third. Giles safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki, Bowen scored, Young to second. Cruz Jr singled to right, Young to third, Giles to second. Giles flied out to right. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Young pitching for Padres. Holliday singled to center. Baker struck out swinging, Holliday stole second. Torrealba singled to right center, Holliday scored. Tulowitzki batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Cameron struck out swinging. Greene doubled to deep left. Branyan struck out swinging. Bowen intentionally walked. Young walked, Greene to third, Bowen to second. Giles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Young pitching for Padres. Carroll fouled out to first. Finley flied out to left. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Cruz Jr reached on bunt single to third. Giles singled to center, Cruz Jr to second. Gonzalez singled to center, Cruz Jr scored, Giles to second. Herges pitching for Rockies. Cameron singled to center, Giles to third, Gonzalez to second. Greene grounded into fielder's choice to third, Giles scored, Cameron out at second, Gonzalez to third. Branyan walked, Greene to second. Bowen grounded out to first, Gonzalez scored, Greene to third, Branyan to second. Young safe at first on error by first baseman Helton, Greene scored, Branyan to third. Giles singled to center, Branyan scored, Young to second. Cruz Jr grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Young pitching for Padres. Helton struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to third. Baker flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Giles struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Cameron hit ground rule double to deep left. Blum at second base. Greene fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Young pitching for Padres. Torrealba lined out to shortstop. Hawpe hit for Herges. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Hawpe singled to left. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Carroll struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Branyan walked. Bowen doubled to deep right center, Branyan to third. Young grounded out to third, Branyan scored. Blum grounded out to shortstop. Cruz Jr grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Young pitching for Padres. Finley lined out to center. Atkins flied out to center. Helton lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Giles grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Cameron singled to right. Sledge in right field. Greene grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cameron out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Young pitching for Padres. Holliday struck out swinging. Baker struck out swinging. Barmes at third base. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Mabry in left field. Torrealba fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Branyan doubled to deep right. Kouzmanoff hit for Young. Bowen reached on infield single to shortstop, Branyan to third. Kouzmanoff walked, Bowen to second. Blum grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Branyan scored, Kouzmanoff out at second, Bowen to third. Brocail pitching for Padres. Cruz Jr grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Brocail pitching for Padres. Tulowitzki flied out to right. Mabry lined out to right. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Carroll struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Sledge grounded out to second. Gonzalez flied out to left. Cameron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Brocail pitching for Padres. Finley popped out to second. Barmes struck out swinging. Helton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 11 - Rockies 1.	Young, Gonzalez help Padres romp over Rockies