Padres - Top 1st. Speigner pitching for Nationals. Giles walked. Sledge singled to center, Giles to second. Gonzalez singled to left, Giles to third, Sledge to second. Cameron struck out looking. Kouzmanoff singled to left center, Giles scored, Sledge to third, Gonzalez to second. Greene singled to center, Sledge scored, Gonzalez to third, Kouzmanoff to second. McAnulty grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez scored, Kouzmanoff to third, Greene to second. Bowen hit sacrifice fly to left, Kouzmanoff scored. Germano singled to right center, Greene scored, McAnulty to third. Giles singled to center, McAnulty scored, Germano to second. Sledge grounded out to pitcher. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Germano pitching for Padres. Lopez grounded out to second. Guzman singled to left. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guzman out at second. Young grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Speigner pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Cameron flied out to right. Kouzmanoff flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Germano pitching for Padres. Kearns struck out swinging. Church flied out to left. Schneider singled to left. Logan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Speigner pitching for Nationals. Greene lined out to pitcher. McAnulty flied out to right. Bowen fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Germano pitching for Padres. Speigner grounded out to shortstop. Lopez lined out to left. Guzman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Speigner pitching for Nationals. Germano struck out swinging. Giles flied out to left. Sledge singled to right center. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Germano pitching for Padres. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to second. Traber pitching for Nationals. Kearns grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Traber pitching for Nationals. Cameron singled to center. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Greene singled to center, Cameron to second. McAnulty struck out looking. Bowen lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Germano pitching for Padres. Church grounded out to second. Schneider lined out to shortstop. Logan grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Traber pitching for Nationals. Germano doubled to deep left. Giles flied out to right. Sledge grounded out to first, Germano to third. Langerhans hit for Traber. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Germano pitching for Padres. Langerhans singled to left center. Lopez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Langerhans out at second. Guzman tripled to center. Zimmerman singled to center, Guzman scored. Young homered to right, Zimmerman scored. Abreu pitching for Nationals. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Abreu pitching for Nationals. Cameron grounded out to third. Kouzmanoff singled to left. Greene doubled to left, Kouzmanoff to third. McAnulty intentionally walked. Blum hit for Germano. Bowen doubled to right, Kouzmanoff, Greene and McAnulty scored, Bowen to third advancing on throw. Blum fouled out to third. Brocail pitching for Padres. Giles struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Brocail pitching for Padres. Church grounded out to first. Schneider popped out to third. Logan bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Abreu pitching for Nationals. Sledge struck out looking. Bocachica hit for Cameron. Gonzalez flied out to center. Bocachica in center field. Cameron pitching for Padres. Batista hit for Abreu. Bocachica lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Cameron pitching for Padres. Batista singled to right. Lopez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Batista out at second. King pitching for Nationals. Guzman fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. King pitching for Nationals. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Greene singled to left. McAnulty homered to right, Greene scored. Bowen grounded out to shortstop. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Cameron pitching for Padres. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Young singled to center. Kearns struck out looking. Church struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 11 - Nationals 3.	Six-run first inning lifts Germano, Pads past Nats