Mariners - Top 1st. Wells pitching for Padres. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Lopez flied out to center. Guillen fouled out to first. Ibanez doubled to right center, Suzuki scored. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Giles grounded out to third. Cruz Jr singled to right. Gonzalez safe at first on error by right fielder Guillen, Cruz Jr to second. Cameron doubled to deep left, Cruz Jr scored, Gonzalez to third. Branyan hit sacrifice fly to right, Gonzalez scored. Kouzmanoff flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 2nd. Wells pitching for Padres. Johjima flied out to left. Beltre flied out to center. Betancourt popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Greene popped out to second. Bowen struck out looking. Wells grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Wells pitching for Padres. Weaver grounded out to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Giles flied out to center. Cruz Jr flied out to right. Gonzalez lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Wells pitching for Padres. Guillen flied out to right. Ibanez singled to right center. Sexson safe at first on error by third baseman Kouzmanoff, Ibanez to second. Johjima grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ibanez out at third, Sexson to second. Beltre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. Branyan struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Ellison hit for Weaver. Wells pitching for Padres. Betancourt singled to center. Ellison struck out looking. Suzuki flied out to center. Davis pitching for Mariners. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Mariners. Greene walked. Bowen singled to right, Greene to second. Wells sacrificed to third, Greene to third, Bowen to second, Wells safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Beltre. Greene to third on throwing error by third baseman Beltre. Giles lined out to right. Greene scored, Bowen to third, Wells to second on wild pitch by Davis. Cruz Jr singled to right, Bowen scored, Wells to third. Gonzalez singled to right, Wells scored, Cruz Jr to second. Cameron struck out looking. Branyan struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Wells pitching for Padres. Guillen grounded out to first. Ibanez grounded out to first. Sexson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Davis pitching for Mariners. Kouzmanoff lined out to second. Greene grounded out to third. Bowen popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Wells pitching for Padres. Johjima singled to left. Bell pitching for Padres. Beltre doubled to deep left, Johjima to third. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to first, Johjima out at home, Beltre to third. Vidro hit for Davis. Vidro walked, Betancourt to second. Suzuki singled to left, Beltre and Betancourt scored, Vidro to second. Lopez singled to right, Vidro scored, Suzuki to third. Guillen struck out swinging. Green pitching for Mariners. McAnulty hit for Bell. Ibanez grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Green pitching for Mariners. McAnulty grounded out to first. Giles struck out swinging. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Cruz Jr flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Sexson homered to left. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. Beltre grounded out to third. Betancourt fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Green pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez singled to right. Cameron grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. Branyan struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Cameron to third. Brocail pitching for Padres. Broussard hit for Green. Greene struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Bloomquist ran for Broussard. Brocail pitching for Padres. Broussard singled to left center. Suzuki sacrificed to pitcher, Bloomquist to second. Lopez singled to center, Bloomquist scored. Guillen struck out looking. Putz pitching for Mariners. Bloomquist in right field. Ibanez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Blum hit for Brocail. Putz pitching for Mariners. Bowen struck out swinging. Blum lined out to pitcher. Giles walked. Cruz Jr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Padres 5.	After Weaver's early exit, Mariners push past Pads