Padres - Top 1st. Livingston pitching for Reds. Giles lined out to first. Blum flied out to left. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Germano pitching for Padres. Hatteberg flied out to left. Hopper singled to right. Griffey Jr flied out to right. Phillips grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Livingston pitching for Reds. Cameron lined out to left. Greene singled to center. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, third to second to first, Greene out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Germano pitching for Padres. Dunn singled to center. Keppinger grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dunn out at second. Valentin struck out looking. Gonzalez hit by pitch, Keppinger to second. Livingston struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Livingston pitching for Reds. Bard flied out to center. Giles flied out to center. Germano fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Germano pitching for Padres. Hatteberg lined out to center. Hopper singled to center. Griffey Jr grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Hopper out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Livingston pitching for Reds. Giles grounded out to second. Blum grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Germano pitching for Padres. Phillips struck out looking. Dunn flied out to left. Keppinger walked. Valentin lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Livingston pitching for Reds. Cameron flied out to center. Greene grounded out to pitcher. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Germano pitching for Padres. Gonzalez walked. Livingston struck out bunting foul. Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop, Gonzalez to second. Hopper struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Livingston pitching for Reds. Bard grounded out to third. Giles grounded out to third. Germano lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Germano pitching for Padres. Griffey Jr singled to right. Phillips grounded out to third, Griffey Jr to second. Dunn intentionally walked. Keppinger doubled to deep right center, Griffey Jr scored, Dunn to third. Valentin intentionally walked. Meredith pitching for Padres. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Livingston grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Livingston pitching for Reds. Giles homered to right. Blum grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Cameron grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Hampson pitching for Padres. Hatteberg doubled to deep left center. Hopper grounded out to third, Hatteberg to third. Griffey Jr grounded out to first. Phillips intentionally walked. Dunn walked, Phillips to second. Keppinger singled to right, Hatteberg and Phillips scored, Dunn to third. Valentin walked, Keppinger to second. Thompson pitching for Padres. Gonzalez doubled to left, Dunn and Keppinger scored, Valentin to third. Livingston fouled out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Livingston pitching for Reds. Greene grounded out to third. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. Bard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Thompson pitching for Padres. Hatteberg reached on infield single to third. Hopper doubled to right, Hatteberg to third. Griffey Jr intentionally walked. Phillips lined out to shortstop. Dunn safe at first on error by second baseman Giles, Hatteberg and Hopper scored, Griffey Jr to second. Keppinger grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dunn out at second, Griffey Jr to third. Valentin singled to center, Griffey Jr scored, Keppinger to third. Gonzalez lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 9th. Ellison in left field. Livingston pitching for Reds. Giles grounded out to pitcher. Ensberg hit for Thompson. Ensberg doubled to left. Giles homered to right center, Ensberg scored. Bray pitching for Reds. Blum singled to deep left. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Cameron grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blum out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 3 - Reds 8.	Livingston's gem for Reds tops contending Padres