Padres - Top 1st. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Giles grounded out to shortstop. Cameron grounded out to third. Bradley doubled to deep right center. Gonzalez homered to right center, Bradley scored. Greene lined out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Maddux pitching for Padres. Rollins grounded out to third. Iguchi doubled to right. Burrell fouled out to first. Howard doubled to left, Iguchi scored. Rowand singled to center, Howard scored, Rowand to second advancing on throw. Victorino grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Kouzmanoff doubled to left. Bard singled to left, Kouzmanoff to third. Giles flied out to right. Maddux grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bard out at second. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Maddux pitching for Padres. Ruiz flied out to center. Nunez singled to center. Moyer sacrificed to first, Nunez to second. Nunez to third on wild pitch by Maddux. Rollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Giles grounded out to second. Cameron singled to left. Bradley walked, Cameron to second. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to first, Bradley out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Maddux pitching for Padres. Iguchi reached on infield single to shortstop. Iguchi stole second. Burrell flied out to left, Iguchi to third. Howard grounded out to second, Iguchi scored. Rowand lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Greene flied out to right. Kouzmanoff singled to left. Bard grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kouzmanoff out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Victorino doubled to right. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Victorino to third. Nunez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ruiz out at second. Moyer grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Giles singled to left. Maddux struck out swinging. Giles walked, Giles to second. Cameron struck out looking. Bradley homered to left, Giles and Giles scored. Gonzalez homered to center. Greene safe at first on error by third baseman Nunez. Kouzmanoff singled to center, Greene to second. Sanches pitching for Phillies. Bard doubled to deep right, Greene and Kouzmanoff scored. Blum hit for Giles. Blum intentionally walked. Maddux grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blum out at second. 6 Runs, 10 Hits, 2 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Blum at second base. Maddux pitching for Padres. Rollins flied out to left. Iguchi struck out looking. Burrell singled to left. Howard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Sanches pitching for Phillies. Giles grounded out to second. Cameron walked. Bradley struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Rowand flied out to center. Victorino lined out to center. Ruiz safe at first on error by shortstop Greene. Nunez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Sanches pitching for Phillies. Greene grounded out to third. Kouzmanoff doubled to deep left center. Bard singled to center, Kouzmanoff to third. Blum safe at first on error by first baseman Howard, Kouzmanoff scored, Bard to second. Maddux bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Bard out at third, Blum to second. Giles doubled to deep right, Blum scored, Maddux to third. Cameron walked. Geary pitching for Phillies. Helms at third base. Bradley flied out to right. 2 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Helms flied out to right. Rollins grounded out to second. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez singled to center. Greene flied out to right. Kouzmanoff hit by pitch, Gonzalez to second. Bard singled to left, Gonzalez to third, Kouzmanoff to second. Blum struck out swinging. Sledge hit for Maddux. Sledge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bard out at second. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Cameron pitching for Padres. Burrell popped out to first. Howard grounded out to first. Rowand singled to center. Victorino reached on infield single to second, Rowand to second, Rowand to third on throwing error by second baseman Blum. Werth ran for Victorino. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Werth in right field. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Giles singled to center. Cameron singled to left, Giles to second. Bradley homered to right, Giles and Cameron scored. Gonzalez singled to left. Greene singled to right center, Gonzalez to second. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Greene out at second, Gonzalez to third. Bard singled to center, Gonzalez scored. Blum struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 12 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Ledezma pitching for Padres. Coste hit for Mesa. Coste singled to right. Helms flied out to right. Branyan hit for Rollins. Branyan struck out swinging. Iguchi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 14 - Phillies 3.	Maddux alone: 10th win in 20th straight  year