Dodgers - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Forsythe doubled to deep center. Seager walked. Turner doubled to left, Forsythe and Seager scored. Gutierrez popped out to first. Puig popped out to first. Turner to third on wild pitch by Anderson. González walked. Hernández grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon flied out to left. Parra grounded out to second. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Barnes flied out to center. Maeda lined out to shortstop. Forsythe walked. Seager homered to center (433 feet), Forsythe scored. Turner flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. Arenado struck out swinging. Story flied out to center. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Gutierrez grounded out to third. Puig grounded out to third. González flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. Amarista struck out swinging. Wolters singled to left center. Anderson sacrificed to first, Wolters to second. Blackmon homered to center (436 feet), Wolters scored. Parra singled to shallow left. González lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Hernández walked. Barnes struck out swinging. Maeda sacrificed to catcher, Hernández to second. Forsythe singled to right, Hernández scored, Forsythe to second advancing on throw. Seager grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Story struck out swinging. Reynolds safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Forsythe. Amarista lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Turner flied out to center. Gutierrez doubled to left. Puig struck out swinging. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. Wolters walked. Adames hit for Anderson. Adames flied out to center. Blackmon singled to right, Wolters to third. Parra singled to left center, Wolters scored, Blackmon to third. González hit sacrifice fly to left, Blackmon scored. Arenado lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Pederson hit for Hernández. Pederson struck out looking. Barnes tripled to deep right. Toles hit for Maeda. Toles singled to second, Barnes scored. Forsythe flied into double play, center to first, Toles doubled off first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Pederson in center field. Fields pitching for Dodgers. Story walked. Reynolds struck out swinging. Avilán pitching for Dodgers. Amarista flied out to left. Wolters lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. LeMahieu at second base. Seager singled to center. Seager to second on wild pitch by Lyles. Turner walked. Seager to third, Turner to second on passed ball by Wolters. Gutierrez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Seager out at home, Turner to third. Puig struck out swinging. González singled to left, Gutierrez scored, González to second advancing on throw. Pederson singled to right center, González scored. Barnes singled to right, Pederson to third. Barnes stole second. Avilán struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Avilan pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu singled to right. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LeMahieu out at second. Parra struck out swinging. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Forsythe singled to right. Seager struck out looking. Turner singled to shallow right, Forsythe to second. Gutierrez grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Turner out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Romo pitching for Dodgers. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Story struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Puig safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Story. González grounded into force out, Puig out at second. Pederson singled to center, González to second. Barnes struck out looking. Van Slyke hit for Romo. Van Slyke singled to left, González scored, Pederson to third. Forsythe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Van Slyke out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Cardullo hit for Rusin. Cardullo struck out swinging. Wolters singled to left center. LeMahieu tripled to deep right, Wolters scored. Blackmon grounded out to first, LeMahieu scored. Parra singled to center. González popped out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 10 - Rockies 6.	Seager homers, helps Dodgers to 10-6 win over Rockies