Rockies - Top 1st. Adleman pitching for Reds. Blackmon struck out swinging. LeMahieu doubled to deep right. Arenado flied out to right, LeMahieu to third. Reynolds singled to left, LeMahieu scored. González walked, Reynolds to second. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, González out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Hamilton walked. Cozart flied out to center. Hamilton stole second. Votto lined out to center, Hamilton to third. Duvall struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Adleman pitching for Reds. Amarista lined out to center. Wolters struck out swinging. Senzatela popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Suárez walked. Schebler struck out swinging. Peraza safe at first on error by shortstop Amarista, Suárez to second. Mesoraco singled to left, Suárez scored, Peraza to second. Adleman bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Peraza out at third, Mesoraco to second. Hamilton grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 3rd. Adleman pitching for Reds. Blackmon flied out to left. LeMahieu grounded out to first. Arenado fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Cozart lined out to left. Votto singled to right center. Duvall hit by pitch, Votto to second. Votto to third, Duvall to second on balk by Senzatela. Suárez walked. Schebler hit sacrifice fly to left, Votto scored. Peraza singled to center, Duvall scored, Suárez to second. Mesoraco struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Adleman pitching for Reds. Reynolds struck out looking. González singled to deep right. Desmond flied out to left. Amarista doubled to deep right center, González scored. Wolters intentionally walked. Senzatela struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Adleman grounded out to pitcher. Hamilton walked. Cozart singled to left, Hamilton to third. Votto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cozart out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Adleman pitching for Reds. Blackmon singled to center. Blackmon stole second. Blackmon safe at third on throwing error by catcher Mesoraco. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop, Blackmon scored. Arenado walked. Reynolds singled to center, Arenado thrown out at third. González walked, Reynolds to second. Desmond singled to right, Reynolds scored, González to third. Storen pitching for Reds. Amarista doubled to left, González scored, Desmond to third. Wolters intentionally walked. Senzatela singled to center, Desmond and Amarista scored, Wolters to third. Blackmon singled to left, Wolters scored, Senzatela to second. LeMahieu hit by pitch, Senzatela to third, Blackmon to second. Arenado flied out to center. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 5th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Duvall grounded out to third. Suárez homered to center (416 feet). Schebler struck out swinging. Peraza struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Wojciechowski pitching for Reds. Gennett at second base. Reynolds struck out swinging. González popped out to third. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Qualls pitching for Rockies. Mesoraco homered to left (401 feet). Gennett singled to center. Hamilton lined out to center. Cozart walked, Gennett to second. Dunn pitching for Rockies. Parra in left field. Votto walked, Gennett to third, Cozart to second. Duvall singled to left, Gennett scored, Cozart to third, Votto to second. Suárez hit sacrifice fly to center, Cozart scored. Schebler homered to right (394 feet), Votto and Duvall scored. Wojciechowski popped out to second. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Wojciechowski pitching for Reds. Amarista struck out swinging. Wolters struck out swinging. Parra batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Mesoraco walked. Gennett singled to left center, Mesoraco to second. Hamilton reached on bunt single to catcher, Mesoraco to third, Gennett to second. Cozart hit sacrifice fly to center, Mesoraco scored, Gennett to third, Hamilton to second. Votto intentionally walked. Duvall grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gennett scored, Votto out at second, Hamilton to third. Duvall stole second. Suárez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Wojciechowski pitching for Reds. Blackmon flied out to right. LeMahieu flied out to center. Arenado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Schebler singled to center. Wojciechowski struck out swinging. Mesoraco grounded out to third, Schebler to second. Gennett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Wojciechowski pitching for Reds. Reynolds popped out to first. González lined out to right. Valaika hit for Oberg. Valaika singled to center. Iglesias pitching for Reds. Valaika to second on fielder's indifference. Amarista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 8 - Reds 12.	Reds rally to beat Rockies 12-8, break 7-game slide