Rockies - Top 1st. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Blackmon struck out looking. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Arenado singled to shallow center. Arenado stole second. Reynolds lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Moroff walked. Harrison homered to left (386 feet), Moroff scored. Polanco popped out to shortstop. Freese singled to center. Osuna lined out to right. McCutchen grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Taillon pitching for Pirates. González grounded out to second. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Díaz grounded out to second. Mercer singled to shallow right. Taillon sacrificed to first, Mercer to second. Moroff grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Wolters grounded out to shortstop. Freeland reached on infield single to third. Blackmon walked, Freeland to second. LeMahieu grounded into double play, third to second to first, Blackmon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Harrison safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Story. Polanco grounded out to second, Harrison to second. Freese doubled to right, Harrison scored. Osuna singled to right, Freese to third. McCutchen singled to left, Freese scored, Osuna to second. Díaz grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Osuna out at third, McCutchen to second. Mercer batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 4th. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Arenado singled to right. Reynolds walked, Arenado to second. González popped out to second. Desmond struck out swinging. Story popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Taillon grounded out to second. Moroff hit by pitch. Harrison lined out to center. Polanco popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 5th. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Wolters grounded out to shortstop. Freeland struck out swinging. Blackmon singled to shallow right center. LeMahieu singled to center, Blackmon to second. Blackmon to third on wild pitch by Taillon. Arenado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Freese struck out swinging. Osuna grounded out to second. McCutchen walked. Díaz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. LeBlanc pitching for Pirates. Reynolds struck out swinging. González grounded out to second. Desmond doubled to right. Story singled to left, Desmond scored. Wolters flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Mercer struck out swinging. Bell hit for LeBlanc. Bell singled to left. Moroff grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bell out at second. Harrison singled to left, Moroff to third. Polanco singled to center, Moroff scored, Harrison to third. Valaika at shortstop. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Valaika singled to center. Blackmon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Valaika out at second. LeMahieu reached on infield single to third. Arenado singled to right center, LeMahieu to third. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Osuna singled to center. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Osuna out at second. Díaz singled to right, McCutchen to second. Mercer walked, McCutchen to third, Díaz to second. Jaso hit for Watson. Desmond at first base. Tapia in left field. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Jaso walked, McCutchen scored, Díaz to third, Mercer to second. Moroff hit sacrifice fly to center, Díaz scored, Mercer to third, Jaso to second. Harrison intentionally walked. Polanco popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Santana pitching for Pirates. González struck out swinging. Desmond walked. Tapia walked, Desmond to second. Wolters grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tapia out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Freese struck out swinging. Osuna lined out to left. McCutchen lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Mariñez pitching for Pirates. Valaika hit ground rule double to deep center. Valaika to third on wild pitch by Mariñez. Blackmon struck out swinging. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop, Valaika scored. Arenado struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 2 - Pirates 7.	Taillon solid in return following cancer surgery