Rockies - Top 1st. Walker pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon struck out swinging. LeMahieu struck out looking. Arenado singled to right center. Arenado to second on wild pitch by Walker. Reynolds struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Blanco struck out looking. Herrmann struck out swinging. Goldschmidt walked. Lamb flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Walker pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond hit by pitch. Tapia struck out swinging. Story struck out swinging. Hanigan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Desmond out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Owings struck out swinging. Drury flied out to right. Iannetta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Walker pitching for Diamondbacks. Márquez struck out looking. Blackmon lined out to center. LeMahieu singled to right, LeMahieu to second on error by right fielder Owings. Arenado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Marte flied out to right. Walker grounded out to pitcher. Blanco singled to right center. Herrmann lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Walker pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds lined out to right. Desmond walked. Tapia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Desmond safe at second on error by second baseman Drury. Story singled to shallow center, Desmond scored, Tapia to second. Hanigan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Story out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt walked. Lamb struck out swinging. Owings homered to left (367 feet), Goldschmidt scored. Drury lined out to left. Tauchman in left field. Iannetta struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Walker pitching for Diamondbacks. Márquez grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon singled to right. LeMahieu singled to right, Blackmon to second. Arenado singled to center, Blackmon scored, LeMahieu to second. Reynolds grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arenado out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Marte singled to right. Marte caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Walker flied out to center. Blanco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Walker pitching for Diamondbacks. Tauchman grounded out to pitcher. Tapia struck out swinging. Story hit by pitch. Story stole second, Story safe at third on throwing error by catcher Iannetta. Hanigan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Herrmann grounded out to first. Goldschmidt flied out to right. Lamb reached on infield single to third, Lamb to second on throwing error by third baseman Arenado. Owings walked. Drury doubled to left center, Lamb scored, Owings to third. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Iannetta flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 7th. Amarista hit for Oberg. Walker pitching for Diamondbacks. Amarista flied out to left. Blackmon flied out to left. LeMahieu popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Marte grounded out to first. Peralta hit for Walker. Peralta lined out to center. Blanco popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds struck out swinging. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Valaika hit for Tauchman. Valaika singled to left. Tapia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Valaika in left field. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Herrmann struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Lamb flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Blanco in left field. Fuentes in center field. Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks. Story flied out to center. Hanigan singled to right. Chatwood ran for Hanigan. Wolters hit for Senzatela. Wolters singled to center, Chatwood to second. Blackmon singled to deep left, Chatwood scored, Wolters to second. LeMahieu flied out to right. Arenado popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Wolters catching. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Owings grounded out to first. Drury singled to right. Iannetta doubled to left, Drury to third. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Marte singled to center, Drury scored, Iannetta to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 3 - Diamondbacks 4.	Marte's hit in 9th lifts Diamondbacks over Rockies 4-3