Phillies - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Revere grounded out to second. Herrera struck out swinging. Utley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Harang pitching for Phillies. Bourjos flied out to center. Carpenter struck out looking. Holliday grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Francoeur grounded out to second. Howard grounded out to second. Asche singled to center. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Asche out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Harang pitching for Phillies. Adams doubled to deep center. Peralta grounded out to third. Heyward singled to left, Adams to third. Molina popped out to first. Wong singled to center, Adams scored, Heyward to second. Martínez struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Galvis grounded out to second. Harang singled to right. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Harang out at second. Herrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Revere to second. Utley popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Harang pitching for Phillies. Bourjos struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out swinging. Holliday popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Francoeur struck out swinging. Howard homered to right center (372 feet). Asche grounded out to second. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Harang pitching for Phillies. Adams flied out to right. Peralta flied out to center. Heyward reached on infield single to first. Molina flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Galvis singled to center. Harang walked, Galvis to second. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Galvis out at third, Harang to second. Harang to third, Revere to second on wild pitch by Martínez. Herrera singled to right, Harang scored, Revere out at home, Herrera to second advancing on play. Utley intentionally walked. Francoeur struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Harang pitching for Phillies. Wong singled to right. Martínez sacrificed to first, Wong to second. Bourjos tripled to right, Wong scored. Carpenter grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bourjos scored. Holliday walked, Carpenter to second. Adams doubled to left, Carpenter scored, Holliday to third. Peralta singled to left, Holliday scored, Adams to third. Heyward struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Howard grounded out to second. Asche grounded out to shortstop. Ruiz walked. Galvis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Harang pitching for Phillies. Wong popped out to catcher. Reynolds struck out looking. Bourjos singled to center. Bourjos caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Carpenter batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Hernández flied out to right. Revere singled to right. Herrera flied out to left. Utley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. McGowan pitching for Phillies. Carpenter lined out to first. Holliday walked. Adams lined out to center. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Walden pitching for Cardinals. Francoeur flied out to right. Howard grounded out to second. Asche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Gomez pitching for Phillies. Heyward grounded out to second. Molina grounded out to second. Wong flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz struck out looking. Galvis grounded out to second. Sizemore singled to shallow center. Revere walked, Sizemore to second. Herrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 2 - Cardinals 5.	Bourjos' legs help Cardinals beat Phillies 5-2