Phillies - Top 1st. Miller pitching for Braves. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Galvis flied out to center. Asche grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Markakis grounded out to second. Simmons singled to right center. Freeman homered to right (371 feet), Simmons scored. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Gomes popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Miller pitching for Braves. Howard flied out to center. Ruf grounded out to pitcher. Herrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Johnson lined out to shortstop. Peterson struck out looking. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Miller pitching for Braves. Hernández reached on bunt single to catcher. Ruiz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hernández out at second. Billingsley lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Miller flied out to center. Markakis singled to right. Simmons grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Braves. Revere lined out to right. Galvis struck out swinging. Asche fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Freeman singled to right center. Pierzynski singled to right, Freeman to second. Gomes safe at first on error by third baseman Asche, Freeman scored, Pierzynski to second. Johnson homered to right center (433 feet), Pierzynski and Gomes scored. Peterson flied out to left. Maybin singled to center. Miller sacrificed to pitcher, Maybin to second. Markakis struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 5th. Miller pitching for Braves. Howard doubled to deep left. Ruf struck out swinging. Herrera struck out swinging. Hernández walked. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hernández out at second, Howard to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Simmons popped out to shortstop. Freeman reached on infield single to first. Pierzynski walked, Freeman to second. Gomes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pierzynski out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Miller pitching for Braves. Blanco struck out swinging. Revere struck out swinging. Galvis safe at first on error by third baseman Johnson. Asche lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 6th. Araujo pitching for Phillies. Johnson singled to right center. Peterson singled to right, Johnson to third, Peterson to second advancing on throw. Maybin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at home, Peterson to third, Maybin to second advancing on play. Miller struck out swinging. Markakis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Braves. Howard flied out to right. Ruf struck out swinging. Herrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. McGowan pitching for Phillies. Simmons walked. Freeman walked, Simmons to second. Pierzynski flied out to right, Simmons to third, Freeman to second. Gomes walked. Johnson walked, Simmons scored, Freeman to third, Gomes to second. Peterson singled to right, Freeman scored, Gomes to third, Johnson to second. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Sizemore in right field. Revere in center field. Maybin singled to left, Gomes scored, Johnson to third, Peterson to second. Miller flied out to center. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Braves. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Ruiz grounded out to third. Sizemore singled to shallow left center. Revere popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Simmons hit by pitch. Freeman struck out swinging. Pierzynski grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Simmons out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Miller pitching for Braves. Galvis struck out swinging. Asche flied out to center. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 0 - Braves 9.	Miller, Braves spoil Billingsley's return, beat Phillies 9-0