Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Phillies. Inciarte grounded out to second. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrera grounded out to second. Galvis walked. Galvis stole second. Sizemore flied out to left. Howard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Phillies. Peralta flied out to center. Tomás singled to deep left. Owings singled to right, Tomás to second. Gosewisch struck out swinging. Ahmed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Franco flied out to right. Utley flied out to center. Francoeur homered to left (380 feet). Ruiz singled to center. Williams safe at first on error by shortstop Ahmed, Ruiz to second. Herrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Phillies. Bradley struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. Trumbo singled to left. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Trumbo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Galvis walked. Sizemore singled to right, Galvis to second. Howard doubled to deep right, Galvis scored, Sizemore to third. Franco walked. Utley singled to center, Sizemore scored, Howard to third, Franco to second. Ramírez pitching for Diamondbacks. Francoeur grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Howard scored, Utley out at second, Franco to third. Ruiz lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Phillies. Peralta grounded out to first. Tomás fouled out to second. Owings singled to center. Gosewisch safe at first on error by second baseman Utley, Owings to second. Ahmed singled to left, Owings scored, Gosewisch to second. Hill hit for Ramírez. Hill flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Williams safe at first on error by shortstop Ahmed. Herrera bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Williams out at second. Galvis struck out swinging. Sizemore singled to center, Herrera to second. Howard grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Phillies. Inciarte singled to center. Trumbo struck out swinging. Goldschmidt homered to left (354 feet), Inciarte scored. Peralta grounded out to second. Tomás grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Franco singled to center. Utley doubled to right, Franco scored, Utley to third advancing on throw. Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks. Francoeur struck out swinging. Ruiz doubled to deep right, Utley scored. Blanco hit for Williams. Blanco doubled to right, Ruiz scored. Herrera struck out swinging. Galvis struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Owings doubled to deep left center. Gosewisch singled to center, Owings scored. Ahmed flied out to center. Pollock hit for Burgos. Pollock grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gosewisch out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Sizemore doubled to deep right. Howard struck out swinging. Franco flied out to left. Utley intentionally walked. Sizemore to third, Utley to second on passed ball by Gosewisch. Francoeur flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Hernández at second base. Inciarte flied out to right. Trumbo struck out swinging. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruiz fouled out to third. Hernández flied out to center. Herrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Peralta flied out to left. Giles pitching for Phillies. Tomás homered to right (374 feet). Owings struck out swinging. Gosewisch grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Galvis struck out swinging. Sizemore singled to right. Howard singled to left center, Sizemore to second. Franco struck out swinging. Revere hit for Giles. Revere grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Phillies. Revere in left field. Pennington hit for Ahmed. Pennington struck out swinging. Pacheco hit for Ziegler. Pacheco struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Phillies 7.	Phillies top Diamondbacks 7-5 for 4th straight win