Phillies - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Galvis flied out to center. Utley singled to left center. Utley to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa. Ruf flied out to right. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Phillies. Blackmon singled to left. LeMahieu lined out to right. González grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blackmon out at second, González to second on throwing error by third baseman Franco. Tulowitzki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Franco walked. Francoeur struck out swinging. Herrera struck out swinging, Franco stole second. Rupp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Phillies. Paulsen grounded out to first. McKenry walked. Barnes reached on bunt single to third, McKenry to second. Descalso grounded out to first, McKenry to third, Barnes to second. De La Rosa grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Williams grounded out to shortstop. Galvis singled to center. Galvis stole second. Utley reached on infield single to first, Galvis to third. Ruf singled to left, Galvis scored, Utley to third. Howard flied out to center. Franco grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Phillies. Blackmon hit by pitch. LeMahieu singled to right, Blackmon to third. González walked, LeMahieu to second. Tulowitzki singled to center, Blackmon and LeMahieu scored, González to second. Paulsen lined out to right, González to third. McKenry walked, Tulowitzki to second. Barnes singled to right, González scored, Tulowitzki thrown out at home, McKenry to second, McKenry to third advancing on throw. Descalso grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Francoeur grounded out to pitcher. Herrera grounded out to second. Rupp walked. Williams walked, Rupp to second. Galvis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Phillies. De La Rosa safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Galvis. Blackmon lined out to left. LeMahieu lined out to first. González grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Utley tripled to deep center. Ruf hit sacrifice fly to right, Utley scored. Howard homered to left (416 feet). Bergman pitching for Rockies. Franco lined out to center. Francoeur flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Phillies. Tulowitzki lined out to left. Paulsen singled to center. McKenry homered to left (371 feet), Paulsen scored. Barnes doubled to deep right. Descalso grounded out to second, Barnes to third. Rosario hit for Bergman. Rosario popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Herrera grounded out to second. Rupp singled to right. Blanco hit for Williams. Blanco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rupp out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Araujo pitching for Phillies. Blackmon lined out to center. LeMahieu walked. González sacrificed to first, LeMahieu to second. Tulowitzki intentionally walked. Paulsen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Galvis grounded out to third. Logan pitching for Rockies. Utley grounded out to pitcher. Ruf doubled to deep right center. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Araujo pitching for Phillies. McKenry walked. Barnes safe at first on error by shortstop Galvis, McKenry to third. Descalso singled to left center, McKenry scored, Barnes to second. Arenado hit for Logan. Arenado singled to left, Barnes scored, Descalso to second. Blackmon popped out to shortstop. LeMahieu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arenado out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Arenado at third base. Franco lined out to center. Sizemore hit for Francoeur. Sizemore struck out swinging. Herrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Sizemore in right field. Gómez pitching for Phillies. González grounded out to third. Tulowitzki popped out to third. Paulsen singled to center. McKenry flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Axford pitching for Rockies. Revere hit for Rupp. Revere flied out to left. Hernández hit for Gómez. Hernández walked. Galvis grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Rockies 7.	McKenry's homer lifts Rockies to 7-3 win over Phillies