Phillies - Top 1st. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Revere flied out to right. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Franco homered to left center (397 feet). Howard flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Correia pitching for Phillies. Gardner reached on bunt single to pitcher. Headley singled to center, Gardner to third. Rodriguez struck out swinging. McCann hit sacrifice fly to center, Gardner scored. Beltrán doubled to deep left, Headley scored. Jones singled to right, Beltrán thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Brown flied out to center. Utley grounded out to shortstop. Rupp singled to right. Asche singled to right, Rupp to second. Galvis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Correia pitching for Phillies. Gregorius grounded out to second. Young flied out to left. Drew flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Revere singled to center. Revere stole second. Hernández walked. Franco reached on infield single to shortstop, Revere to third, Hernández to second. Howard singled to center, Revere and Hernández scored, Franco to third. Brown grounded into double play, shortstop to first to second to shortstop, Franco scored, Howard out at second. Utley flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Correia pitching for Phillies. Gardner reached on bunt single to third. Headley popped out to second. Rodriguez flied out to left. McCann walked, Gardner to second. Beltrán flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Rupp singled to left. Asche singled to right, Rupp to second. Galvis reached on bunt single to third, Rupp to third, Asche to second. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rupp out at home, Asche to third, Galvis to second. Hernández doubled to deep right, Asche and Galvis scored, Revere to third. Franco singled to right, Revere and Hernández scored. Capuano pitching for Yankees. Howard struck out swinging. Brown grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Correia pitching for Phillies. Jones flied out to center. Gregorius lined out to center. Young singled to left. Drew reached on infield single to shortstop, Young to second. Gardner homered to right center (401 feet), Young and Drew scored. Headley lined out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Capuano pitching for Yankees. Utley hit by pitch. Rupp struck out swinging. Asche struck out swinging. Galvis lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Rodriguez walked. McCann popped out to second. Beltrán doubled to left, Rodriguez to third. Jones fouled out to shortstop. Gregorius struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Capuano pitching for Yankees. Revere flied out to center. Hernández singled to right. Franco homered to left center (429 feet), Hernández scored. Howard grounded out to second. Brown doubled to deep right. Utley grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Young grounded out to third. Drew walked. Gardner walked, Drew to second. Headley struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Rafael Moreno pitching for Yankees. Rupp hit by pitch. Asche struck out swinging. Galvis singled to right, Rupp to second. Revere singled to center, Rupp to third, Galvis to second. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rupp out at home, Galvis to third, Revere to second. Franco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Araujo pitching for Phillies. McCann homered to right (381 feet). Beltrán struck out looking. Jones popped out to shortstop. Gregorius grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Shreve pitching for Yankees. Howard grounded out to second. Brown flied out to center. Utley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Giles pitching for Phillies. Young grounded out to pitcher. Drew grounded out to second. Gardner singled to left. Headley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Pinder pitching for Yankees. Rupp grounded out to shortstop. Herrera grounded out to first. Galvis hit ground rule double to deep right. Revere singled to shallow left, Galvis scored. Hernández flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Papelbon pitching for Phillies. Rodriguez doubled to deep left. McCann flied out to center. Beltrán reached on infield single to second, Rodriguez to third. Jones doubled to deep left center, Rodriguez and Beltrán scored. Gregorius popped out to shortstop. Young popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 11 - Yankees 8.	Franco, Phillies rough up Yankees for 11-8 win