Phillies - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Hernández struck out swinging. Revere reached on infield single to second. Franco flied out to right. Revere stole second. Ruf walked. Francoeur safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Turner, Revere to third, Ruf to second. Galvis reached on infield single to second, Revere scored, Ruf to third, Francoeur to second. Brown struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Pederson struck out looking. Kendrick hit by pitch. Turner singled to center, Kendrick to second. Gonzalez lined into double play, right to first, Turner doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Rupp grounded out to pitcher. Billingsley struck out swinging. Hernández reached on infield single to third. Revere grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Grandal walked. Puig singled to right, Grandal thrown out at third. Ethier singled to right, Puig to second. Rollins grounded out to second, Puig to third, Ethier to second. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Franco walked. Ruf singled to deep right, Franco to third, Ruf to second advancing on throw. Francoeur doubled to deep center, Franco and Ruf scored. Galvis grounded out to pitcher, Francoeur to third. Brown grounded out to second, Francoeur scored. Rupp lined out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Pederson safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Billingsley. Kendrick grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pederson out at second. Turner lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Billingsley grounded out to pitcher. Hernández flied out to right. Revere grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Grandal singled to left. Puig flied out to right. Ethier popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Franco singled to shallow right. Ruf struck out swinging. Francoeur struck out swinging. Galvis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Franco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Rollins grounded out to first. Hernández hit for Anderson. Hernández struck out swinging. Pederson lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Nicasio pitching for Dodgers. Brown singled to center. Brown stole second. Rupp singled to center, Brown to third. Billingsley bunted into fielder's choice to first, Rupp out at second. Hernández walked, Billingsley to second. Revere singled to center, Brown and Billingsley scored, Hernández to second. Franco struck out swinging. Ruf grounded into fielder's choice to third, Revere out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Kendrick grounded out to third. Turner flied out to right. Gonzalez singled to shallow right center. Grandal homered to right center (408 feet), Gonzalez scored. Puig grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Nicasio pitching for Dodgers. Francoeur homered to center (429 feet). Galvis lined out to center. Brown flied out to left. Rupp fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. García pitching for Phillies. Ethier struck out swinging. Rollins grounded out to second. Callaspo hit for Nicasio. Callaspo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Thomas pitching for Dodgers. Asche hit for García. Asche struck out swinging. Hernández grounded out to first. Revere walked. Franco lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Giles pitching for Phillies. Pederson hit by pitch. Kendrick struck out looking. Turner struck out looking. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Thomas pitching for Dodgers. Ruf grounded out to shortstop. Francoeur flied out to right. Galvis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Papelbon pitching for Phillies. Grandal struck out swinging. Puig grounded out to second. Ethier hit by pitch. Ethier to second on fielder's indifference. Rollins lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 7 - Dodgers 2.	Billingsley beats L.A., ends 2-year win drought