Braves - Top 1st. Harang pitching for Phillies. Markakis flied out to left. Maybin flied out to right. Freeman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Braves. Revere reached on infield single to pitcher. Hernández sacrificed to catcher, Revere to second. Franco grounded out to third. Howard walked. Herrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Howard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Harang pitching for Phillies. García lined out to left. Pierzynski fouled out to second. Johnson singled to right. Peterson singled to right, Johnson to third. Simmons lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Braves. Galvis flied out to left. Brown grounded out to shortstop. Ruiz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Harang pitching for Phillies. Miller singled to left. Markakis singled to right, Miller to second. Maybin singled to right, Miller to third, Markakis to second. Freeman struck out swinging. García grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Miller out at home, Markakis to third, Maybin to second. Pierzynski reached on infield single to shortstop, Markakis scored, Maybin to third, García to second. Johnson lined out to right. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Braves. Harang singled to right. Revere grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harang out at second. Hernández singled to left. Hernández stole second. Franco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Harang pitching for Phillies. Peterson lined out to center. Simmons reached on infield single to third. Miller sacrificed to pitcher, Simmons to second. Markakis walked. Maybin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Braves. Howard grounded out to shortstop. Herrera reached on bunt single to third. Galvis singled to right, Herrera to second. Brown singled to left, Herrera to third, Galvis to second. Ruiz singled to center, Herrera and Galvis scored, Brown to second. Brown picked off second. Harang struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Harang pitching for Phillies. Freeman singled to right center. García struck out looking. Pierzynski singled to right, Freeman to second. Johnson flied out to left. Peterson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Braves. Revere struck out swinging. Hernández singled to center. Franco singled to center, Hernández to second. Howard singled to center, Hernández scored, Franco to third. Herrera struck out swinging. Galvis flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Araujo pitching for Phillies. Simmons popped out to second. Miller struck out looking. Markakis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Miller pitching for Braves. Brown homered to right center (372 feet). Ruiz flied out to right. Asche hit for Araujo. Asche grounded out to shortstop. Revere grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Gómez pitching for Phillies. Maybin reached on infield single to third. Freeman grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Maybin out at second. García walked. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Detwiler pitching for Braves. Hernández struck out looking. Franco grounded out to third. Howard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. García pitching for Phillies. Johnson popped out to second. Peterson flied out to left. Simmons flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Detwiler pitching for Braves. Herrera struck out swinging. Galvis reached on infield single to second. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Galvis out at second. Brigham pitching for Braves. Ruiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Giles pitching for Phillies. Pérez hit for Brigham. Pérez singled to center. Markakis singled to right, Pérez to second. Maybin grounded out to catcher, Pérez to third, Markakis to second. Freeman struck out swinging. García struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 1 - Phillies 4.	Brown, Harang lead Phillies past Braves 4-1