Blue Jays - Top 1st. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Tulowitzki singled to left. Donaldson flied out to left. Bautista grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tulowitzki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Hernández lined out to second. Blanco singled to right. Herrera singled to right, Blanco to second, Blanco to third on error by right fielder Bautista. Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to left, Blanco scored, Herrera to second. Ruf singled to center, Herrera scored, Ruf to third on error by catcher Martin. Altherr doubled to left, Ruf scored. Galvis grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Encarnación flied out to right. Martin lined out to right. Pillar fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Rupp popped out to first. Morgan grounded out to second. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Revere grounded out to first. Pennington grounded out to third. Buehrle grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Blanco struck out swinging. Herrera flied out to center. Francoeur homered to left (353 feet). Ruf singled to right. Altherr grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ruf out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Tulowitzki flied out to right. Donaldson flied out to center. Bautista flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Galvis flied out to right. Rupp singled to center. Morgan struck out looking. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rupp out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Encarnación homered to center (422 feet). Martin singled to left. Pillar grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Martin out at second. Revere singled to center. Pennington doubled to deep right, Revere scored. Colabello hit for Buehrle. Colabello struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Schultz pitching for Blue Jays. Blanco homered to right (372 feet). Herrera walked. Francoeur struck out swinging, Herrera stole second. Ruf grounded out to shortstop, Herrera to third. Altherr homered to left (355 feet), Herrera scored. Galvis walked. Rupp grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Tulowitzki fouled out to first. Donaldson struck out looking. Bautista popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Schultz pitching for Blue Jays. Morgan lined out to left. Hernández flied out to left. Blanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Encarnación struck out swinging. Martin flied out to right. Pillar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays. Herrera singled to center. Francoeur struck out swinging. Ruf struck out swinging. Altherr walked, Herrera to second. Galvis fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. García pitching for Phillies. Revere walked. Pennington walked, Revere to second. Smoak hit for Hendriks. Smoak grounded into fielder's choice to second, Revere scored on error by second baseman Hernández, Pennington safe at third on error by second baseman Hernández. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pennington scored, Smoak out at second. Donaldson grounded out to pitcher, Tulowitzki to second. Bautista struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Lowe pitching for Blue Jays. Rupp struck out swinging. Brown hit for García. Brown grounded out to pitcher. Hernández grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Giles pitching for Phillies. Encarnación flied out to right. Martin safe at first on error by third baseman Blanco. Pillar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martin out at second. Revere grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 4 - Phillies 7.	Altherr, Morgan lead Phillies past Blue Jays 7-3