Phillies - Top 1st. Conley pitching for Marlins. Galvis grounded out to third. Altherr struck out swinging. Herrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Gordon flied out to right. Solano struck out swinging. Yelich reached on infield single to shortstop. Bour struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Conley pitching for Marlins. Ruf popped out to second. Francoeur struck out swinging. Sweeney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Ozuna singled to center. Dietrich grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ozuna safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Sweeney. Realmuto grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ozuna scored, Dietrich out at second. Rojas singled to center. Conley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 3rd. Conley pitching for Marlins. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Asche grounded out to catcher. Buchanan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Gordon singled to center. Solano lined into double play, third to first, Gordon doubled off first. Yelich grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Galvis grounded out to third. Altherr struck out looking. Herrera lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Bour homered to right (389 feet). Ozuna lined out to shortstop. Dietrich singled to left. Realmuto singled to left, Dietrich to second. Rojas grounded into double play, third to first, Dietrich out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Ruf singled to left. Francoeur singled to center, Ruf to third. Sweeney walked, Francoeur to second. Ruiz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ruf scored, Sweeney out at second, Francoeur to third. Asche struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Conley grounded out to third. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Solano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. d'Arnaud hit for Buchanan. Conley pitching for Marlins. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. Galvis flied out to center. Altherr flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Loewen pitching for Phillies. Yelich lined out to shortstop. Bour lined out to center. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Herrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Morris pitching for Marlins. Ruf hit by pitch, Herrera to second. Francoeur struck out swinging. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ruf out at second, Herrera to third. Ruiz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Loewen pitching for Phillies. Dietrich lined out to right. Gómez pitching for Phillies. Realmuto lined out to center. Rojas grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Suzuki in left field. Blanco hit for Asche. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. Kratz hit for Gómez. Kratz doubled to center. Galvis grounded out to second, Kratz to third. Kratz scored on wild pitch by Dunn. Altherr doubled to deep left center. Herrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Blanco at third base. García pitching for Phillies. Suzuki grounded out to first. Gordon struck out swinging. Solano safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Blanco. Yelich intentionally walked. Bour grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 9th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Ruf grounded out to shortstop. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Ozuna fouled out to catcher. McGehee hit for Ramos. McGehee singled to right. Gillespie ran for McGehee. Gillespie caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Realmuto singled to center. Rojas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 10th. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Ruiz struck out looking. Blanco walked. Bogusevic hit for Neris. Bogusevic grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blanco out at second. Bogusevic stole second. Galvis singled to left, Bogusevic scored advancing on play. Galvis out stretching at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 10th. Giles pitching for Phillies. Suzuki singled to right. Gordon reached on bunt single to pitcher, Suzuki to second. Solano sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, Suzuki to third, Gordon to second, Suzuki scored, Solano to first on throwing error by catcher Ruiz. Yelich flied out to left. Bour grounded into fielder's choice to first, Solano out at second, Gordon to third. Ozuna struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 11th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Altherr grounded out to third. Herrera struck out swinging. Ruf popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 11th. Williams pitching for Phillies. Telis hit for Ellington. Telis lined out to right. Realmuto flied out to center. Rojas singled to right. Suzuki walked, Rojas to second. Gordon doubled to deep right center, Rojas scored, Suzuki to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Marlins 4.	Gordon's double in the 11th lifts Miami to 4-3 win