Phillies - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Galvis grounded out to second. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. Altherr struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Harang pitching for Phillies. Taylor flied out to right. Rendon walked. Harper grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rendon out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Ruf grounded out to second. Francoeur doubled to deep right center. Kratz popped out to second. Asche lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Harang pitching for Phillies. Escobar lined out to second. Robinson flied out to center. Desmond homered to right center (433 feet). den Dekker homered to center (444 feet). Lobatón flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Rupp lined out to right. Harang grounded out to shortstop. Galvis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Harang pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez singled to left. Taylor struck out looking. Rendon struck out looking. Harper flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Blanco struck out looking. Altherr struck out looking. Ruf grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Harang pitching for Phillies. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Robinson fouled out to third. Desmond reached on infield single to second. den Dekker singled to left center, Desmond to third. Lobatón grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Francoeur singled to left. Kratz singled to left, Francoeur to second. Asche flied out to center, Francoeur to third. Rupp grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kratz out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Harang pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez fouled out to catcher. Taylor grounded out to third. Rendon lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Harang singled to center. Galvis singled to right, Harang to second. Blanco reached on infield single to shortstop, Harang to third, Galvis to second. Altherr walked, Harang scored, Galvis to third, Blanco to second. Ruf walked, Galvis scored, Blanco to third, Altherr to second. Martin pitching for Nationals. Francoeur fouled out to third. Kratz struck out swinging. Grace pitching for Nationals. Asche grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Harang pitching for Phillies. Harper flied out to right. Escobar flied out to right. Robinson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Rupp grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney hit for Harang. Sweeney walked. Galvis singled to center, Sweeney to second. Blanco grounded into double play, pitcher to second to shortstop to first, Galvis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Gómez pitching for Phillies. Desmond reached on infield single to third. den Dekker singled to right, Desmond to third. Lobatón doubled to left, Desmond scored, den Dekker to third. Uggla hit for Fister. Uggla hit sacrifice fly to center, den Dekker scored. Taylor lined out to right. Rendon struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Janssen pitching for Nationals. Altherr hit ground rule double to deep left. Ruf flied out to right. Francoeur homered to left (357 feet), Altherr scored. Kratz flied out to right. Rivero pitching for Nationals. Asche singled to right. Papelbon pitching for Nationals. Rupp flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Ruf at first base. Francoeur in left field. Hinojosa pitching for Phillies. Bogusevic in right field. Harper flied out to left. Escobar lined out to right. Robinson lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Moore in left field. Turner at shortstop. den Dekker in right field. Papelbon pitching for Nationals. Bogusevic struck out swinging. Galvis walked. Blanco homered to center (404 feet), Galvis scored. Altherr safe at first on error by shortstop Turner. Altherr stole second. Ruf walked, Altherr stole third. Ruf batting. Francoeur flied out to right. Herrera hit for Hinojosa. Herrera hit by pitch, Ruf to second. Solis pitching for Nationals. Asche safe at first on error by second baseman Rendon, Altherr scored, Ruf to third, Herrera to second. Rupp singled to center, Ruf and Herrera scored, Asche to second. Bogusevic reached on infield single to shortstop, Asche to third, Rupp to second. Galvis singled to right center, Asche and Rupp scored, Bogusevic to third. Blanco singled to center, Bogusevic scored, Galvis to second. Altherr popped out to second. 8 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Giles pitching for Phillies. Turner struck out swinging. den Dekker doubled to deep right, den Dekker to third on error by right fielder Bogusevic. Lobatón grounded out to first, den Dekker scored. Johnson hit for Solis. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Phillies 12 - Nationals 5.	Nationals' Harper, Papelbon in dugout fight in loss to Phils