Indians - Top 1st. Hughes pitching for Twins. Santana popped out to first. Lindor singled to right. Brantley doubled to right, Lindor to third. Encarnación grounded out to shortstop, Lindor scored. Ramírez safe at second on error by right fielder Kepler, Brantley scored. Chisenhall singled to right, Ramírez scored. Díaz lined out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 1st. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Dozier reached on infield single to second, Dozier to second on throwing error by second baseman Ramírez. Mauer singled to center, Dozier to third. Sanó struck out swinging. Kepler hit sacrifice fly to left, Dozier scored. Grossman doubled to deep right, Mauer scored. Castro grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 2nd. Hughes pitching for Twins. Almonte struck out swinging. Pérez lined out to center. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Polanco grounded out to first. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Buxton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Hughes pitching for Twins. Lindor grounded out to shortstop. Brantley singled to right center. Encarnación struck out swinging. Ramírez homered to right center (396 feet), Brantley scored. Chisenhall grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Dozier grounded out to second. Mauer lined out to left. Sanó grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Hughes pitching for Twins. Díaz lined out to second. Almonte doubled to right. Pérez singled to left, Almonte to third. Santana singled to right, Almonte scored, Pérez to second. Breslow pitching for Twins. Lindor lined out to center, Pérez to third. Brantley grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Kepler reached on infield single to third. Grossman flied out to left. Castro singled to right, Kepler to third. Polanco hit sacrifice fly to center, Kepler scored. Rosario singled to center, Castro to second. Buxton bunt grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Twins. Encarnación hit by pitch. Ramírez singled to center, Encarnación to second. Chisenhall sacrificed to third, Encarnación to third, Ramírez to second. Haley pitching for Twins. Díaz hit sacrifice fly to right, Encarnación scored, Ramírez out at third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Dozier flied out to center. Mauer grounded out to second. Sanó struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Haley pitching for Twins. Almonte walked. Pérez lined out to second. Santana singled to left, Almonte to second. Lindor tripled to deep right center, Almonte and Santana scored. Brantley grounded out to second. Encarnación walked. Ramírez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Kepler grounded out to shortstop. Grossman grounded out to first. Castro singled to center. Polanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Haley pitching for Twins. Chisenhall popped out to third. Díaz struck out looking. Almonte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Otero pitching for Indians. Rosario singled to right. Buxton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rosario safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Otero. Dozier struck out looking. Mauer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Buxton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 8th. Haley pitching for Twins. Pérez flied out to center. Santana popped out to third. Lindor fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Otero pitching for Indians. Sanó homered to right (399 feet). Logan pitching for Indians. Kepler struck out swinging. Grossman struck out looking. Castro singled to center. Polanco reached on infield single to third, Castro to second, Castro to third on throwing error by third baseman Díaz. Santana hit for Rosario. Santana struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 9th. Santana in left field. Tonkin pitching for Twins. Brantley hit by pitch. Encarnación homered to left center (370 feet), Brantley scored. Ramírez popped out to second. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Díaz grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Guyer in left field. Martínez at third base. Goody pitching for Indians. Buxton popped out to second. Escobar hit for Dozier. Escobar walked. Gimenez hit for Mauer. Gimenez popped out to shortstop. Escobar to second on fielder's indifference. Sanó struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 11 - Twins 4.	Ramirez, Tomlin pace Indians past Twins, 11-4