Astros - Top 1st. Berrios pitching for Twins. Springer struck out swinging. Reddick walked. Altuve grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reddick out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Fiers pitching for Astros. Dozier lined out to center. Mauer singled to center. Grossman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mauer out at second. Kepler reached on infield single to second, Grossman to second. Grossman to third, Kepler to second on wild pitch by Fiers. Polanco walked. Rosario walked, Grossman scored, Kepler to third, Polanco to second. Buxton reached on infield single to shortstop, Kepler scored, Polanco to third, Rosario to second. Castro struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Berrios pitching for Twins. Correa struck out swinging. Beltrán lined out to left. McCann grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Fiers pitching for Astros. Adrianza struck out looking. Dozier grounded out to third. Mauer grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Berrios pitching for Twins. González hit by pitch. Gurriel doubled to left, González to third. Bregman hit sacrifice fly to center, González scored, Gurriel to third. Springer struck out swinging. Reddick flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Fiers pitching for Astros. Grossman flied out to left. Kepler grounded out to first. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Berrios pitching for Twins. Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop. Correa walked, Altuve to second. Beltrán walked, Altuve to third, Correa to second. McCann grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Altuve scored, Beltrán out at second, Correa to third. González struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Fiers pitching for Astros. Rosario struck out swinging. Buxton singled to center. Buxton stole second. Castro struck out swinging. Adrianza reached on bunt single to third, Buxton to third. Adrianza stole second. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Berrios pitching for Twins. Gurriel grounded out to third. Bregman singled to left. Springer singled to center, Bregman to second. Reddick walked, Bregman to third, Springer to second. Altuve singled to left, Bregman and Springer scored, Reddick to second. Correa flied out to center. Beltrán struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Fiers pitching for Astros. Mauer grounded out to second. Grossman grounded out to pitcher. Kepler lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Boshers pitching for Twins. McCann struck out swinging. González grounded out to pitcher. Gurriel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Fiers pitching for Astros. Polanco struck out swinging. Rosario grounded out to first. Buxton walked. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Boshers pitching for Twins. Bregman homered to left (390 feet). Springer grounded out to second. Reddick flied out to left. Altuve singled to right center. Altuve to second on wild pitch by Boshers. Correa struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Adrianza flied out to left. Dozier fouled out to third. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Wheeler pitching for Twins. Beltrán flied out to left. McCann walked. González grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McCann out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Grossman grounded out to first. Kepler lined out to center. Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop. Rosario flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Wheeler pitching for Twins. Gurriel grounded out to third. Bregman lined out to center. Springer reached on infield single to first. Reddick walked, Springer to second. Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop, Springer to third, Reddick to second, Springer scored, Reddick to third on throwing error by shortstop Polanco. Correa singled to left, Reddick scored, Altuve to second. Beltrán lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 9th. Feliz pitching for Astros. Buxton flied out to center. Castro doubled to deep right. Adrianza grounded out to third. Dozier grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 7 - Twins 2.	Altuve, Astros top Twins 7-2 behind strong start from Fiers