Mariners - Top 1st. Gibson pitching for Twins. Gamel doubled to deep right. Haniger struck out swinging. Canó singled to deep center, Gamel to third. Cruz grounded out to second, Gamel scored, Canó to second. Seager hit ground rule double to left, Canó scored. Valencia struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Bergman pitching for Mariners. Dozier lined out to center. Mauer struck out swinging. Grossman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Dyson homered to right center (394 feet). Zunino singled to center. Motter singled to center, Zunino to second. Gamel flied out to left, Zunino to third, Motter to second. Haniger lined out to pitcher. Canó grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Bergman pitching for Mariners. Kepler homered to right center (399 feet). Vargas singled to left center. Escobar singled to right, Vargas to second. Castro flied out to center, Vargas to third. Polanco grounded out to pitcher, Vargas scored, Escobar to second. Rosario homered to center (438 feet), Escobar scored. Dozier flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Cruz struck out swinging. Seager grounded out to second. Valencia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Bergman pitching for Mariners. Mauer struck out swinging. Grossman singled to left. Kepler singled to center, Grossman to second. Vargas singled to deep right, Grossman scored, Kepler to third. Escobar singled to center, Kepler scored, Vargas to second. Castro singled to center, Vargas scored, Escobar to third, Castro thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Polanco singled to center, Escobar scored. Lawrence pitching for Mariners. Rosario homered to left (406 feet), Polanco scored. Dozier homered to center (439 feet). Mauer grounded out to second. 7 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Dyson doubled to deep right center. Zunino doubled to deep center, Dyson scored. Motter lined out to pitcher. Gamel doubled to deep left center, Zunino scored. Haniger grounded out to shortstop, Gamel to third. Canó grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Lawrence pitching for Mariners. Grossman grounded out to second. Kepler popped out to second. Vargas singled to left center. Escobar singled to deep right, Vargas to third. Castro singled to right, Vargas scored, Escobar to third. Polanco grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Cruz singled to center. Seager grounded out to first, Cruz to second. Valencia singled to right center, Cruz scored. Dyson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Valencia out at second. Zunino lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Lawrence pitching for Mariners. Rosario singled to center. Dozier grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rosario out at second. Mauer singled to center. Grossman popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Motter grounded out to third. Gamel grounded out to shortstop. Haniger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Lawrence pitching for Mariners. Kepler grounded out to shortstop. Vargas grounded out to first. Escobar singled to right, Escobar out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Canó singled to right center. Duffey pitching for Twins. Cruz singled to left, Canó to second. Seager flied out to center. Valencia struck out looking. Dyson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Lawrence pitching for Mariners. Castro singled to left. Polanco singled to right center, Castro to second. Rosario flied out to center. Dozier doubled to left, Castro scored, Polanco to third. Rzepczynski pitching for Mariners. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Polanco scored on error by third baseman Seager. Grossman singled to center, Dozier to third, Mauer to second. Kepler reached on infield single to first, Dozier scored, Mauer to third, Grossman to second. Vargas singled to right, Mauer scored, Grossman to third, Kepler to second. Escobar singled to right, Grossman scored, Kepler to third, Vargas to second. Castro singled to right, Kepler and Vargas scored, Escobar to third, Castro out stretching at second. Zych pitching for Mariners. Polanco grounded out to first. 7 Runs, 8 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 8th. Adrianza at second base. Gimenez at first base. Pressly pitching for Twins. Zunino flied out to center. Motter grounded out to third. Gamel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Ruiz pitching for Mariners. Rosario homered to right (451 feet). Adrianza walked. Gimenez doubled to deep left, Adrianza to third. Grossman popped out to second. Kepler walked. Vargas struck out looking. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Pressly pitching for Twins. Haniger doubled to left. Canó flied out to center, Haniger to third. Cruz grounded out to second, Haniger scored. Seager grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - Twins 20.	Rosario's 3 HRs among Twins-record 28 hits