Twins - Top 1st. Morton pitching for Astros. Dozier homered to left (375 feet). Granite grounded out to shortstop. Sanó struck out swinging. Kepler walked. Grossman walked, Kepler to second. Vargas struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Berrios pitching for Twins. Springer walked. Altuve flied out to right. Reddick popped out to shortstop. Correa fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Morton pitching for Astros. Polanco struck out swinging. Castro struck out swinging. Buxton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Berrios pitching for Twins. McCann struck out swinging. Beltrán walked. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltrán safe at second on error by shortstop Polanco. González singled to right center, Beltrán scored, Gurriel to second. Bregman doubled to deep left, Gurriel scored, González to third. Springer reached on infield single to second, González scored, Bregman to third. Altuve walked, Springer to second. Reddick hit sacrifice fly to left, Bregman scored, Springer to third. Correa singled to center, Springer scored, Altuve to third. Hughes pitching for Twins. McCann homered to right (375 feet), Altuve and Correa scored. Beltrán doubled to deep left. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 3rd. Morton pitching for Astros. Dozier struck out swinging. Granite doubled to shallow right center. Sanó grounded out to shortstop. Kepler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Hughes pitching for Twins. González homered to center (421 feet). Bregman fouled out to third. Springer walked. Altuve singled to left, Springer to second. Reddick singled to right, Springer scored, Altuve to second. Correa struck out looking. McCann flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Morton pitching for Astros. Grossman walked. Vargas struck out looking. Polanco walked, Grossman to second. Castro struck out swinging. Buxton walked, Grossman to third, Polanco to second. Dozier doubled to deep left, Grossman, Polanco and Buxton scored. Granite fouled out to third. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Pressly pitching for Twins. Beltrán singled to center. Gurriel hit by pitch, Beltrán to second. González singled to center, Beltrán to third, Gurriel to second. Bregman struck out swinging. Springer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, González out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Morton pitching for Astros. Sanó hit by pitch. Kepler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sanó safe at second on error by shortstop Correa. Grossman struck out swinging. Vargas grounded into fielder's choice to first, Sanó to third, Kepler safe at second on error by first baseman Gurriel. Polanco hit sacrifice fly to center, Sanó scored. Castro grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Boshers pitching for Twins. Altuve doubled to left. Reddick grounded out to second, Altuve to third. Correa intentionally walked. McCann struck out looking. Beltrán grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Feliz pitching for Astros. Buxton doubled to left. Dozier popped out to shortstop. Granite popped out to shortstop. Sanó walked. Kepler walked, Buxton to third, Sanó to second. Devenski pitching for Astros. Grossman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Granite in center field. Rosario in left field. Boshers pitching for Twins. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. González grounded out to third. Hildenberger pitching for Twins. Bregman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Vargas singled to right. Polanco lined into double play, pitcher to first, Vargas out at first. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Gimenez at first base. Hildenberger pitching for Twins. Springer grounded out to second. Altuve flied out to center. Reddick singled to right center. Correa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Gregerson pitching for Astros. Rosario struck out swinging. Dozier struck out swinging. Granite walked. Sanó walked, Granite to second. Kepler grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Belisle pitching for Twins. McCann struck out swinging. Beltrán grounded out to shortstop. Gurriel singled to right center. González grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Giles pitching for Astros. Grossman flied out to left. Gimenez grounded out to shortstop. Polanco grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 5 - Astros 10.	McCann, Gonzalez power Astros past Berrios, Twins 10-5