Tigers - Top 1st. Gibson pitching for Twins. Kinsler walked. Presley singled to center, Kinsler to second. Upton struck out swinging. Avila grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Presley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Dozier struck out swinging. Kepler singled to deep right. Sanó grounded out to third, Kepler to second. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Castellanos flied out to left. Martínez struck out swinging. Mahtook singled to left center. Romine grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Grossman grounded out to second. Rosario doubled to right center. Escobar walked. Granite flied out to left. Castro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Iglesias fouled out to right. Kinsler grounded out to second. Presley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Dozier flied out to center. Kepler singled to left center. Sanó singled to center, Kepler to second. Mauer singled to right, Kepler scored, Sanó to second. Grossman doubled to left center, Sanó scored, Mauer to third. Rosario hit sacrifice fly to left, Mauer scored. Escobar intentionally walked. Granite singled to left, Grossman thrown out at home, Escobar to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Upton grounded out to third. Avila grounded out to first. Castellanos grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Castro singled to left center. Dozier singled to left, Castro to second. Kepler walked, Castro to third, Dozier to second. Sanó hit sacrifice fly to center, Castro scored. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kepler out at second, Dozier to third, Dozier scored on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler. Grossman walked, Mauer to second. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Rosario singled to right, Mauer to third, Grossman to second. Escobar flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 5th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Martínez grounded out to second. Mahtook grounded out to second. Romine lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Granite singled to right. Castro flied out to left. Granite stole second. Dozier flied out to right, Granite to third. Kepler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler flied out to right. Presley singled to center. Upton walked, Presley to second. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Sanó struck out swinging. Mauer grounded out to second. Grossman lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Castellanos struck out swinging. Martínez grounded out to first. Mahtook struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Rosario flied out to left. Escobar singled to shallow right. Granite singled to left, Escobar to second. Castro singled to right center, Escobar scored, Granite to second. Dozier lined out to center. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Kepler grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Romine lined out to left. Iglesias singled to right. Kinsler walked, Iglesias to second. Presley hit ground rule double to left, Iglesias scored, Kinsler to third. Rogers pitching for Twins. Upton homered to left (411 feet), Kinsler and Presley scored. McCann hit for Avila. McCann doubled to deep right. Castellanos grounded out to second, McCann to third. Martínez walked. Adduci ran for Martínez. Kintzler pitching for Twins. Mahtook safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Sanó, McCann scored, Adduci to second. Romine grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 8th. McCann catching. Rondón pitching for Tigers. Sanó struck out swinging. Mauer grounded out to second. Grossman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Kintzler pitching for Twins. Iglesias singled to left, Iglesias out stretching at second. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Presley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 5 - Twins 6.	Gibson starts strong, Twins hold on to beat Tigers, 6-5