Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Colon pitching for Twins. Peralta struck out looking. Pollock singled to right. Pollock stole second. Lamb walked. Goldschmidt flied out to center, Pollock to third. Martinez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Dozier walked. Rosario grounded out to first, Dozier to second. Buxton singled to center, Dozier scored. Escobar singled to center, Buxton to second. Buxton to third, Escobar to second on passed ball by Iannetta. Garver walked. Polanco singled to center, Buxton scored, Escobar to third, Garver to second. Kepler doubled to deep center, Escobar and Garver scored, Polanco to third. Gimenez singled to left, Polanco scored, Kepler to third. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Adrianza flied out to right. Dozier walked, Gimenez to second. Rosario homered to right (381 feet), Kepler, Gimenez and Dozier scored. Buxton lined out to center. 9 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Colon pitching for Twins. Iannetta walked. Drury doubled to center, Iannetta to third. Blanco flied out to left, Iannetta out at home. Rosales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Escobar struck out swinging. Garver reached on infield single to third, Garver to second on throwing error by third baseman Lamb. Polanco grounded out to first, Garver to third. Kepler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Colon pitching for Twins. Peralta fouled out to third. Pollock flied out to left. Lamb flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Gimenez doubled to deep left. Adrianza grounded out to first, Gimenez to third. Dozier walked. Rosario flied out to center. Buxton batting. Escobar grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Colon pitching for Twins. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Martinez homered to right center (412 feet). Iannetta struck out looking. Drury homered to left center (415 feet). Blanco reached on infield single to second. Rosales doubled to deep right, Blanco scored. Peralta struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Garver grounded out to third. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Kepler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Colon pitching for Twins. Pollock flied out to right. Lamb homered to right center (391 feet). Goldschmidt lined out to second. Martinez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Gimenez homered to left center (378 feet). Adrianza grounded out to second. Dozier homered to left center (409 feet). Rosario singled to left. Buxton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rosario out at second. Buxton stole second. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop, Buxton to third. Garver struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Colon pitching for Twins. Iannetta popped out to second. Drury grounded out to shortstop. Blanco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Polanco grounded out to first. Kepler popped out to first. Gimenez hit by pitch. Adrianza grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gimenez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Pressly pitching for Twins. Rosales grounded out to shortstop. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Pollock safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Polanco. Lamb grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 7th. Herrmann at first base. Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Rosario struck out looking. Buxton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Pressly pitching for Twins. Herrmann grounded out to shortstop. Martinez struck out swinging. Iannetta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Descalso pitching for Diamondbacks. Escobar popped out to shortstop. Garver grounded out to shortstop. Polanco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Drury doubled to deep left. Blanco struck out swinging. Rosales flied out to center, Drury to third. Peralta singled to right, Drury scored. Pollock lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Twins 12.	Rosario hits slam in 9-run 1st as Twins rout D-backs 12-5