Royals - Top 1st . Salazar pitching for Indians . Escobar flied out to center . Cain reached on infield single to second . Hosmer struck out swinging . Cain caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Morales batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Ventura pitching for Royals . Santana popped out to shortstop . Kipnis singled to center . Lindor singled to center , Kipnis to second . Brantley walked , Kipnis to third , Lindor to second . Napoli grounded out to shortstop , Kipnis scored , Lindor to third , Brantley to second . Gomes walked . Chisenhall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gomes out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Salazar pitching for Indians . Morales grounded out to shortstop . Gordon struck out swinging . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Ventura pitching for Royals . Davis struck out swinging . Ramírez singled to right . Santana walked , Ramírez to second . Kipnis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Salazar pitching for Indians . Infante grounded out to second . Colón grounded out to third . Dyson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Ventura pitching for Royals . Lindor singled to left center . Brantley walked , Lindor to second . Napoli singled to center , Lindor scored , Brantley to second . Gomes grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Napoli out at second , Brantley to third . Chisenhall walked , Gomes to second . Davis lined out to pitcher . Ramírez doubled to deep left center , Brantley , Gomes and Chisenhall scored . Santana struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Escobar flied out to center . Cain grounded out to second . Hosmer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Ventura pitching for Royals . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . Lindor fouled out to left . Brantley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Morales struck out swinging . Gordon walked . Pérez struck out swinging . Infante lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Napoli singled to deep left . Gomes struck out looking . Chisenhall walked , Napoli to second . Davis grounded out to shortstop , Napoli to third , Chisenhall to second . Ramírez doubled to left , Napoli and Chisenhall scored . Santana flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Colón singled to center . Dyson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Colón out at second . Escobar struck out looking . Cain singled to center , Dyson to second . Hosmer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Kipnis lined out to center . Lindor singled to right . Brantley grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Lindor out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Morales singled to center . Gordon struck out swinging . Pérez struck out looking . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morales out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Napoli struck out swinging . Gomes grounded out to third . Chisenhall grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Colón grounded out to second . Dyson flied out to center . Hunter pitching for Indians . Escobar singled to center . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Davis popped out to first . Ramírez walked . Santana grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ramírez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Otero pitching for Indians . Hosmer singled to right . Morales flied out to left . Hosmer to second on wild pitch by Otero . Gordon singled to left center , Hosmer scored . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gordon out at second . Infante reached on infield single to shortstop , Pérez to second . Colón reached on infield single to second , Pérez to third , Infante to second . Dyson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Colón out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 1 - Indians 7 .	Ramirez goes 3 - for-3 , drives in career - high 5 in 7 - 1 win