Astros - Top 1st . Volquez pitching for Royals . Springer tripled to deep right center . González singled to right , Springer scored . Altuve singled to left center , González to second . Correa grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Altuve out at second , González to third . Rasmus singled to deep right , González scored , Correa to third . Gómez singled to left , Correa scored , Rasmus to second . Valbuena walked , Rasmus to third , Gómez to second . Gattis safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar , Rasmus scored , Gómez to third , Valbuena to second . Castro singled to deep right , Gómez scored , Valbuena to third , Gattis to second . Springer homered to left , Valbuena , Gattis and Castro scored ( 399 feet ) . González grounded out to first . Altuve grounded out to pitcher . 9 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Merrifield singled to right . Escobar grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Merrifield out at second . Hosmer singled to right . Cain grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Volquez pitching for Royals . Correa walked . Rasmus singled to right , Correa to third . Gómez walked , Rasmus to second . Gee pitching for Royals . Valbuena struck out swinging . Gattis singled to center , Correa scored , Rasmus to third , Gómez to second . Castro walked , Rasmus scored , Gómez to third , Gattis to second . Springer grounded out to first , Gómez scored , Gattis to third , Castro to second . González flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Worth at third base . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Pérez singled to left , Pérez out stretching at second . Morales grounded out to third . Orlando tripled to deep right center . Eibner walked . Cuthbert doubled to deep left , Orlando scored , Eibner to third . Merrifield walked . Escobar grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Gee pitching for Royals . Altuve flied out to center . Correa singled to right . Rasmus singled to center , Correa to second . Gómez struck out swinging . Worth grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Hosmer grounded out to second . Cain flied out to left . Pérez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Gee pitching for Royals . Gattis grounded out to second . Castro walked . Springer singled to right , Castro to second . González flied out to center . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Springer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Morales lined out to right . Orlando safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Worth . Eibner doubled to deep right , Orlando to third . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop , Orlando scored . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Correa safe at first on error by third baseman Cuthbert . Rasmus struck out swinging . Gómez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Correa out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 5th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Escobar homered to left ( 373 feet ) . Hosmer struck out swinging . Cain flied out to right . Pérez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Worth flied out to center . Gattis lined out to left . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Morales lined out to left . Orlando grounded out to shortstop . Eibner flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Springer grounded out to third . González lined out to shortstop . Altuve safe at first on error by second baseman Merrifield . Kemp ran for Altuve . Correa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 7th . Kemp at second base . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Cuthbert homered to left ( 370 feet ) . Merrifield singled to right . Escobar singled to left , Merrifield to second . Hosmer lined out to third . Feldman pitching for Astros . Cain grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Escobar out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Colón at shortstop . Dyson in center field . Butera catching . Flynn pitching for Royals . Rasmus homered to right ( 415 feet ) . Gómez doubled to deep left . Worth struck out swinging . Gattis grounded out to third , Gómez to third . Castro struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Marisnick in left field . Feldman pitching for Astros . Butera grounded out to third . Morales walked . Orlando popped out to second . Eibner flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Springer walked . González struck out looking . Kemp walked , Springer to second . Correa flied out to center . Marisnick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Feldman pitching for Astros . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop . Merrifield flied out to right . Colón grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 13 - Royals 4 .	Springer hits slam as Astros pound Royals , Volquez 13 - 4