Royals - Top 1st . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Escobar singled to center . Cuthbert lined out to right . Cain walked , Escobar to second . Hosmer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cain out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Volquez pitching for Royals . Profar walked . Mazara singled to center , Profar to third . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Profar scored , Mazara out at second . Desmond stole second . Beltré singled to left , Desmond scored , Beltré thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Odor homered to right ( 430 feet ) . Moreland struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Morales grounded out to second . Pérez grounded out to third . Gordon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Volquez pitching for Royals . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Gallo walked . Chirinos grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gallo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Mondesi lined out to second . Dyson struck out looking . Escobar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Volquez pitching for Royals . Profar grounded out to first . Mazara struck out looking . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Cuthbert fouled out to third . Cain grounded out to third . Hosmer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Volquez pitching for Royals . Beltré singled to center . Odor doubled to left , Beltré to third . Moreland hit by pitch . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beltré out at home , Odor to third , Moreland to second . Gallo struck out swinging . Chirinos grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Morales singled to center . Pérez grounded out to second , Morales to second . Gordon walked . Mondesi flied out to left . Dyson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Volquez pitching for Royals . Profar doubled to right . Mazara doubled to deep right center , Profar scored . Desmond safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cuthbert . Beltré flied out to center . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Desmond out at second , Mazara to third . Moreland singled to right , Mazara scored , Odor to third . Andrus grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 6th . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Escobar flied out to right . Cuthbert flied out to right . Cain hit by pitch . Hosmer homered to center ( 423 feet ) , Cain scored . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Morales singled to right . Pérez singled to left , Morales to second . Gordon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Volquez pitching for Royals . Gallo struck out looking . Chirinos grounded out to shortstop . Profar homered to left center ( 419 feet ) . Mazara grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Álvarez pitching for Rangers . Mondesi singled to center . Mondesi to second on passed ball by Chirinos . Dyson reached on infield single to third , Mondesi to third . Kela pitching for Rangers . Escobar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mondesi scored , Dyson out at second . Cuthbert flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Moylan pitching for Royals . Desmond doubled to center . Desmond to third on wild pitch by Moylan . Beltré grounded out to shortstop . Flynn pitching for Royals . Desmond scored on Flynn 's wild pitch . Odor homered to right ( 358 feet ) . Moreland reached on infield single to second . Andrus grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Moreland out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Rua in left field . Kela pitching for Rangers . Cain grounded out to first . Hosmer grounded out to second . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Gallo fouled out to third . Chirinos struck out swinging . Rua flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Diekman pitching for Rangers . Pérez flied out to right . Gordon grounded out to second . Mondesi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 3 - Rangers 8 .	Rougned Odor homers twice for Rangers in 8 - 3 win over Royals