Royals - Top 1st . Santiago pitching for Twins . Orlando tripled to deep right center . Cuthbert popped out to second . Cain hit sacrifice fly to right , Orlando scored . Hosmer flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Volquez pitching for Royals . Dozier grounded out to third . Grossman flied out to left . Mauer singled to center . Vargas flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Santiago pitching for Twins . Morales flied out to center . Pérez flied out to right . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Volquez pitching for Royals . Kepler grounded out to second . Polanco struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Santiago pitching for Twins . Escobar singled to left . Colón sacrificed to pitcher , Escobar to second . Orlando grounded out to third . Cuthbert struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Volquez pitching for Royals . Centeno grounded out to pitcher . Rosario flied out to left . Dozier homered to left . Grossman lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Santiago pitching for Twins . Cain doubled to deep right . Hosmer grounded out to catcher . Morales grounded out to second , Cain to third . Pérez singled to left , Cain scored , Pérez to second on error by left fielder Grossman . Gordon singled to right , Pérez to third . Escobar tripled to deep center , Pérez and Gordon scored . Colón hit by pitch . Orlando homered to left ( 378 feet ) , Escobar and Colón scored . Cuthbert fouled out to first . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 4th . Volquez pitching for Royals . Mauer walked . Vargas struck out looking . Kepler grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Mauer safe at second on error by first baseman Hosmer . Polanco grounded out to first , Mauer to third , Kepler to second . Escobar singled to right , Mauer and Kepler scored . Centeno lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 5th . Santiago pitching for Twins . Cain reached on infield single to shortstop . Hosmer singled to left , Cain to second . O'Rourke pitching for Twins . Morales singled to left , Cain to third , Hosmer to second . Pérez struck out swinging . Gordon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Morales out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Volquez pitching for Royals . Rosario singled to center . Rosario stole second . Dozier popped out to shortstop . Grossman struck out swinging . Mauer singled to left , Rosario scored . Vargas fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . O'Rourke pitching for Twins . Escobar grounded out to third . Colón safe at first on error by third baseman Polanco . Tonkin pitching for Twins . Orlando walked , Colón to second . Cuthbert grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Colón safe at third on error by third baseman Polanco , Orlando to second . Cain singled to center , Colón and Orlando scored , Cuthbert to second . Rogers pitching for Twins . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher , Cuthbert to third , Cain to second . Morales safe at first on error by left fielder Grossman , Cuthbert and Cain scored . Pérez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 3 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Volquez pitching for Royals . Kepler grounded out to second . Polanco lined out to second . Escobar lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Gordon reached on infield single to second . Escobar flied out to center . Colón struck out swinging . Orlando reached on infield single to shortstop , Gordon to second . Cuthbert grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Young pitching for Royals . Centeno walked . Rosario struck out swinging . Dozier grounded into double play , third to second to first , Centeno out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Chargois pitching for Twins . Cain singled to center . Hosmer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cain out at second . Morales walked . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Young pitching for Royals . Grossman struck out swinging . Mauer struck out swinging . Vargas lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Pressly pitching for Twins . Gordon lined out to right . Escobar singled to center . Colón lined out to center . Orlando singled to center , Escobar to second . Cuthbert struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Butera catching . Young pitching for Royals . Kepler reached on infield single to shortstop . Polanco flied out to center . Escobar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kepler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 11 - Twins 4 .	Orlando , Cain each have 4 hits , 3 RBIs , Royals beat Twins