Athletics - Top 1st . Duffy pitching for Royals . Smolinski popped out to first . Semien struck out swinging . Valencia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Cotton pitching for Athletics . Dyson singled to deep right . Merrifield flied out to center . Dyson stole second . Hosmer grounded out to second , Dyson to third . Morales walked . Pérez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Davis struck out swinging . Healy singled to center . Vogt grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Healy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Cotton pitching for Athletics . Gordon grounded out to second . Cuthbert grounded out to third . Escobar reached on infield single to third . Orlando grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Eibner grounded out to second . Núñez lined out to second . Pinder flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Cotton pitching for Athletics . Dyson popped out to shortstop . Merrifield singled to left . Hosmer grounded out to first , Merrifield to second . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Smolinski safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Merrifield . Semien grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Smolinski out at second . Valencia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 4th . Cotton pitching for Athletics . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . Gordon flied out to center . Cuthbert doubled to deep center . Escobar safe at first on error by shortstop Semien , Cuthbert to third . Escobar stole second . Orlando singled to left center , Cuthbert and Escobar scored . Dyson popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Davis homered to right center ( 445 feet ) . Healy flied out to right . Vogt popped out to second . Eibner grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Cotton pitching for Athletics . Merrifield popped out to second . Hosmer flied out to left . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Núñez struck out swinging . Pinder struck out swinging . Smolinski flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Cotton pitching for Athletics . Pérez singled to left center . Gordon flied out to left . Cuthbert fouled out to third . Pérez to second on wild pitch by Cotton . Escobar singled to right , Pérez scored , Escobar to second advancing on throw . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Orlando struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Semien walked . Valencia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Semien out at second . Davis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Axford pitching for Athletics . Dyson singled to left . Merrifield singled to right , Dyson to third . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Dyson out at home , Merrifield to second . Morales grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hosmer out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Healy homered to center ( 453 feet ) . Vogt flied out to left . Eibner walked . Strahm pitching for Royals . Núñez popped out to third . Pinder reached on infield single to third , Eibner to second . Soria pitching for Royals . Alonso hit for Smolinski . Wendle ran for Pinder . Alonso doubled to deep center , Eibner and Wendle scored . Semien singled to left , Alonso scored . Valencia lined out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Alonso at first base . Valencia in right field . Eibner in center field . Wendle at second base . Dull pitching for Athletics . Pérez grounded out to third . Gordon grounded out to first . Cuthbert grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Moylan pitching for Royals . Davis lined out to right . Healy safe at first on error by pitcher Moylan . Vogt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Healy out at second . Eibner grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 9th . Madson pitching for Athletics . Escobar lined out to second . Orlando singled to right . Dyson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Orlando out at second . Dyson to second on fielder 's indifference . Merrifield walked , Dyson to third . Gore ran for Merrifield . Dyson scored , Gore to second on balk by Madson . Hosmer grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 5 - Royals 4 .	Alonso 's pinch - double scores 2 in 8th , A 's rally past Royals