Brewers - Top 1st. Belisle pitching for Reds. Weeks flied out to center. Hardy grounded out to second. Fielder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Bush pitching for Brewers. Freel singled to right. Hamilton singled to left, Freel to second. Dunn struck out swinging. Griffey Jr hit ground rule double to deep left center, Freel scored, Hamilton to third. Phillips safe at first on error by shortstop Hardy, Hamilton scored. Hatteberg singled to right, Phillips out at third, Griffey Jr to third. Gonzalez fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 2nd. Belisle pitching for Reds. Hall singled to center. Estrada popped out to third. Jenkins struck out swinging. Mench doubled to deep center, Hall scored. Mench to third on wild pitch by Belisle. Counsell intentionally walked. Bush doubled to center, Mench and Counsell scored. Weeks reached on infield single to third, Bush to third. Weeks stole second. Hardy flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Bush pitching for Brewers. Valentin reached on infield single to shortstop. Belisle sacrificed to first, Valentin to second. Freel singled to center, Valentin scored. Hamilton lined into double play, right to first, Freel doubled off first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Belisle pitching for Reds. Fielder struck out looking. Hall singled to center. Estrada doubled to deep center, Hall scored. Jenkins popped out to first. Mench popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Bush pitching for Brewers. Dunn struck out swinging. Griffey Jr flied out to center. Phillips grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Belisle pitching for Reds. Counsell grounded out to second. Bush grounded out to first. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Hatteberg flied out to right. Gonzalez singled to left. Valentin flied out to center. Belisle struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Belisle pitching for Reds. Hardy fouled out to third. Fielder fouled out to third. Hall singled to right center. Estrada grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hall out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Freel doubled to right center. Freel to third on wild pitch by Bush. Hamilton walked. Dunn grounded into fielder's choice to left, Freel scored, Hamilton out at second. Griffey Jr flied out to center. Dunn stole second. Phillips flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Belisle pitching for Reds. Jenkins walked. Mench singled to right, Jenkins to second. Gross hit for Bush. Cormier pitching for Reds. Hart hit for Gross. Counsell sacrificed to pitcher, Jenkins to third, Mench to second. Saarloos pitching for Reds. Hart hit by pitch. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jenkins scored, Hart out at second, Mench to third. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Hardy grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Gonzalez walked. Ross hit for Saarloos. Valentin struck out looking. Stanton pitching for Reds. Ross popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Stanton pitching for Reds. Fielder lined out to right. Hall struck out swinging. Estrada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Shouse pitching for Brewers. Freel singled to left. Hamilton singled to right, Freel to second. Dunn struck out looking. Aquino pitching for Brewers. Griffey Jr struck out looking. Phillips singled to left, Freel scored, Hamilton to second. Hamilton to third, Phillips to second on wild pitch by Aquino. Hatteberg intentionally walked. Gonzalez walked, Hamilton scored, Phillips to third, Hatteberg to second. Valentin singled to center, Phillips and Hatteberg scored, Gonzalez to second, Gonzalez scored, Valentin to second on error by center fielder Hall. Stanton grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 8th. Stanton pitching for Reds. Jenkins flied out to right. Mench safe at first on error by third baseman Freel. Graffanino hit for Aquino. Counsell struck out swinging. Dessens pitching for Brewers. Graffanino lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 8th. Dessens pitching for Brewers. Freel grounded out to pitcher. Hamilton struck out looking. Dunn singled to center. Griffey Jr doubled to deep right center, Dunn scored. Phillips tripled to deep center, Griffey Jr scored. Freel in center field. Hamilton in left field. Coffey pitching for Reds. Castro at third base. Hatteberg grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Coffey pitching for Reds. Weeks popped out to second. Hardy struck out swinging. Fielder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 5 - Reds 11.	Freel jump-starts Reds' bats in rally past Brewers