Cardinals - Top 1st. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Schumaker popped out to third. Duncan singled to center. Pujols flied out to left. Rolen popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Weeks struck out swinging. Hardy doubled to deep left. Fielder struck out swinging. Hall walked. Estrada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Edmonds grounded out to first. Kennedy flied out to right. Molina reached on infield single to second. Eckstein walked, Molina to second. Looper singled to center, Molina scored, Eckstein to second. Schumaker grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Jenkins singled to deep right. Mench grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jenkins out at second. Graffanino singled to center, Mench to second. Sheets grounded out to second, Mench to third, Graffanino to second. Weeks flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Duncan homered to right center. Pujols singled to left. Rolen flied out to right. Edmonds struck out swinging. Kennedy grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Hardy singled to center. Fielder struck out swinging. Hall struck out swinging. Estrada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Molina flied out to center. Eckstein lined out to second. Looper struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Jenkins singled to left. Mench grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jenkins out at second. Graffanino singled to right. Sheets grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. Duncan grounded out to second. Pujols singled to left. Rolen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Weeks flied out to right. Hardy singled to left. Fielder walked, Hardy to second. Hall doubled to deep center, Hardy and Fielder scored. Estrada safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Kennedy, Hall to third. Jenkins singled to right center, Hall scored, Estrada to third. Mench hit sacrifice fly to center, Estrada scored, Jenkins to second. Graffanino grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Edmonds struck out swinging. Kennedy flied out to center. Molina flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Sheets singled to center. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Miles at second base. Weeks doubled to deep left center, Sheets to third. Hardy doubled to deep left, Sheets and Weeks scored. Fielder singled to right, Hardy scored. Hall struck out swinging. Estrada singled to center, Fielder to second. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Jenkins safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols, Fielder to third, Estrada to second. Mench grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fielder scored, Jenkins out at second, Estrada to third. Gross hit for Sheets. Graffanino homered to left, Estrada and Mench scored. Shouse pitching for Brewers. Gross lined out to center. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Shouse pitching for Brewers. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Miles grounded out to third. Schumaker walked. Duncan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Weeks struck out swinging. Hardy popped out to second. Fielder walked. Hall singled to right, Fielder to second. Spurling pitching for Brewers. Gwynn in center field. Estrada grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Spiezio hit for Rolen. Spurling pitching for Brewers. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Spiezio struck out looking. Spiezio at third base. Dove pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi in center field. Edmonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Dove pitching for Cardinals. Jenkins homered to center. Mench grounded out to shortstop. Graffanino grounded out to second. Gwynn flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Spurling pitching for Brewers. Taguchi reached on infield single to shortstop. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Taguchi out at second. Eckstein singled to center. Miles singled to right, Eckstein to second. Schumaker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 2 - Brewers 12.	Brews rally as Cards fall apart