Brewers - Top 1st. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Hart grounded out to third. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Braun popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. Matsui hit ground rule double to deep right center. Holliday flied out to left. Helton singled to right center, Matsui scored. Atkins singled to left, Helton to second. Hawpe homered to right center, Helton and Atkins scored. Tulowitzki singled to center. Torrealba flied out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Fielder homered to right. Mench grounded out to shortstop. Jenkins singled to left. Estrada grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Jenkins out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Fogg grounded out to second. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. Matsui reached on infield single to third. Holliday homered to left, Matsui scored. Helton fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Graffanino grounded out to shortstop. Vargas struck out swinging. Hart flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Atkins lined out to second. Hawpe reached on infield single to first. Tulowitzki popped out to shortstop. Torrealba singled to center, Hawpe to third. Fogg grounded into fielder's choice to third, Torrealba out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Hardy lined out to third. Braun homered to left. Fielder grounded out to first. Mench flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Taveras flied out to center. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. Holliday singled to right. Helton fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Jenkins walked. Estrada grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jenkins out at second. Graffanino reached on bunt single to catcher. Vargas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Graffanino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Atkins singled to right. Hawpe grounded into fielder's choice to second, Atkins out at second. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Hart singled to left. Hart stole second. Hardy flied out to center, Hart to third. Braun grounded out to pitcher. Fielder flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Fogg struck out swinging. Taveras grounded out to second. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Mench grounded out to first. Jenkins doubled to right. Estrada flied out to center. Graffanino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Holliday doubled to deep right center. Helton struck out looking. Atkins flied out to left, Holliday to third. Hawpe intentionally walked. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hawpe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Counsell hit for Vargas. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. Hart grounded out to shortstop. Hardy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Spurling pitching for Brewers. Torrealba grounded out to second. Sullivan hit for Hawkins. Sullivan struck out looking. Taveras flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Sullivan in center field. Braun lined out to second. Fielder safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Tulowitzki. Mench grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fielder safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Tulowitzki. Jenkins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mench out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 2 - Rockies 6.	Hawpe, Holliday power Rockies past Brewers