Brewers - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Hart singled to center. Hardy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hart out at second. Braun grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Matsui singled to left. Tulowitzki flied out to right. Matsui stole second. Holliday popped out to second. Helton walked. Atkins doubled to deep right, Matsui scored, Helton to third. Hawpe lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Fielder struck out swinging. Hall flied out to center. Mench flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Dillon at second base. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Spilborghs homered to left center. Torrealba flied out to center. Francis struck out swinging. Matsui walked. Tulowitzki doubled to deep left, Matsui to third. Holliday tripled to deep left center, Matsui and Tulowitzki scored. Helton doubled to deep left, Holliday scored. Atkins singled to left, Helton scored, Atkins to second advancing on throw. Hawpe homered to center, Atkins scored. Spilborghs grounded out to third. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Dillon tripled to deep right. Miller struck out swinging. Gallardo popped out to shortstop. Hart flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Torrealba singled to center. Francis sacrificed to pitcher, Torrealba to second. Matsui singled to left, Torrealba scored. Tulowitzki hit ground rule double to deep left, Matsui to third. Holliday intentionally walked. Baker hit for Helton. Baker flied out to center. Atkins singled to center, Matsui and Tulowitzki scored, Holliday to third. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Hawpe struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Baker at first base. Francis pitching for Rockies. Hardy lined out to left. Braun singled to left. Fielder homered to left, Braun scored. Hall struck out swinging. Mench grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Spilborghs doubled to deep right center. Torrealba doubled to deep left, Spilborghs scored. Francis safe at first on error by third baseman Braun, Torrealba to third. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Torrealba scored, Francis out at second. Tulowitzki homered to left, Matsui scored. Wise pitching for Brewers. Holliday reached on infield single to third. Baker flied out to left. Atkins doubled to deep right center, Holliday scored. Hawpe walked. Spilborghs struck out looking. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Dillon singled to center. Miller walked, Dillon to second. Jenkins hit for Wise. Jenkins struck out swinging. Hart doubled to deep left, Dillon scored, Miller to third. Hardy struck out swinging. Braun walked. Fielder flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Parra pitching for Brewers. Torrealba flied out to center. Francis grounded out to second. Matsui struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Hall flied out to center. Mench grounded out to pitcher. Dillon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Parra pitching for Brewers. Tulowitzki walked. Carroll hit for Holliday. Carroll singled to left center, Tulowitzki to third. Baker struck out swinging. Atkins hit sacrifice fly to center, Tulowitzki scored. Hawpe struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Carroll at third base. Sullivan in center field. Spilborghs in left field. Herges pitching for Rockies. Miller lined out to left. Parra grounded out to second. Hart struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Shouse pitching for Brewers. Spilborghs singled to center. Torrealba singled to right, Spilborghs to second. Herges struck out swinging. Matsui singled to center, Spilborghs to third, Torrealba to second. Tulowitzki singled to center, Spilborghs scored, Torrealba to third, Matsui to second. Carroll struck out swinging. Baker singled to left, Torrealba scored, Matsui to third, Tulowitzki to second. Sullivan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tulowitzki out at third, Baker to second. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Hardy doubled to deep left. Braun singled to center, Hardy scored. Fielder grounded out to third, Braun to second. Hall lined out to right, Braun to third. Mench flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Hawpe walked. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Torrealba grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hawpe out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Dillon singled to left. Miller grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dillon out at second. Counsell hit for Turnbow. Counsell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 4 - Rockies 19.	Brewers rocked 19-4