Cardinals - Top 1st. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Ryan struck out swinging. Ankiel grounded out to first. Pujols homered to right. Ludwick flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Hardy safe at first on error by third baseman Cairo. Braun doubled to left, Hardy scored. Fielder walked. Hart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Braun out at third, Fielder to second. Jenkins walked, Fielder to third, Hart to second. Hall grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jenkins out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Schumaker grounded out to second. Cairo flied out to left. Stinnett walked. Thompson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stinnett out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Miller reached on infield single to shortstop. Villanueva grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Miller safe at second on throwing error by catcher Stinnett. Weeks struck out swinging. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Villanueva out at second, Miller to third. Braun hit ground rule double to deep left, Miller scored, Hardy to third. Fielder hit by pitch. Hart flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Miles singled to right. Ryan sacrificed to third, Miles to second. Ankiel struck out swinging. Pujols intentionally walked. Ludwick doubled to deep left, Miles and Pujols scored, Ludwick to third advancing on throw. Schumaker grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Jenkins singled to right center. Hall hit by pitch, Jenkins to second. Miller grounded into double play, third to first, Jenkins out at third, Hall to second. Villanueva struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Cairo grounded out to third. Stinnett struck out swinging. Thompson singled to left. Miles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Weeks popped out to shortstop. Hardy singled to center. Braun struck out swinging. Fielder walked, Hardy to second. Hart fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Ryan walked. Ankiel flied out to right. Pujols flied out to left. Ludwick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ryan out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Jenkins grounded out to second. Hall flied out to center. Miller lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Schumaker singled to deep right center. Schumaker caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cairo walked. Stinnett grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cairo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Gwynn hit for Villanueva. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Gwynn grounded out to third. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Hardy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Linebrink pitching for Brewers. Branyan hit for Thompson. Branyan struck out swinging. Miles struck out swinging. Ryan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals. Braun flied out to center. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Fielder flied out to center. Hart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. King pitching for Brewers. Ankiel flied out to center. McClung pitching for Brewers. Pujols hit by pitch. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Ludwick struck out swinging. Schumaker singled to left center, Pujols to second. Cairo walked, Pujols to third, Schumaker to second. Stinnett walked, Pujols scored, Schumaker to third, Cairo to second. Edmonds hit for Flores. Shouse pitching for Brewers. Taguchi hit for Edmonds. Taguchi hit ground rule double to deep center, Schumaker and Cairo scored, Stinnett to third. Miles reached on infield single to third, Stinnett scored, Taguchi to third. Spurling pitching for Brewers. Spiezio hit for Ryan. Spiezio walked, Miles to second. Ankiel fouled out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Barden at shortstop. Taguchi in center field. Jenkins popped out to shortstop. Hall struck out swinging. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Aquino pitching for Brewers. Pujols singled to center. Ludwick struck out looking. Schumaker struck out swinging. Cairo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Dillon hit for Aquino. Dillon struck out swinging. Weeks walked. Hardy flied out to right. Weeks to second on fielder's indifference. Braun singled to center, Weeks scored. Fielder grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Brewers 3.	Pujols, Cards ruin Brewers' big chance