Astros - Top 1st. Minor pitching for Athletics. Springer walked. Straw flied out to center. Brantley grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Springer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. De Jong pitching for Astros. La Stella flied out to center. Kemp singled to center. Laureano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kemp out at second. Olson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Minor pitching for Athletics. Gurriel flied out to right. Tucker grounded out to first. Correa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. De Jong pitching for Astros. Grossman struck out swinging. Davis struck out swinging. Canha flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Minor pitching for Athletics. Díaz reached on infield single to second. Toro struck out swinging. Garneau struck out swinging. Springer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. De Jong pitching for Astros. Machín singled to left center. Heim popped out to shortstop. La Stella singled to deep right center, Machín to third. Kemp hit sacrifice fly to right, Machín scored. Laureano singled to center, La Stella to third. Olson homered to (418 feet), La Stella scored and Laureano scored. Grossman walked. Davis popped out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Minor pitching for Athletics. Straw reached on infield single to shortstop. Brantley singled to left, Straw to second. Gurriel flied out to center, Straw to third. Tucker walked, Brantley to second. Correa hit by pitch, Straw scored, Tucker to second, Brantley to third. Petit pitching for Athletics. Díaz lined out to center. Toro walked, Brantley scored, Correa to second, Tucker to third. Garneau walked, Tucker scored, Toro to second, Correa to third. Springer reached on infield single to shortstop, Correa scored, Garneau to second, Toro to third. Straw flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Canha struck out swinging. Machín hit ground rule double to deep center. Heim grounded out to second, Machín to third. Raley pitching for Astros. La Stella popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. McFarland pitching for Athletics. Brantley doubled to left center. Gurriel lined out to center, Brantley to third. Tucker grounded out to second. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Correa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Pinder hit for Kemp. Raley pitching for Astros. Pinder lined out to right. Laureano popped out to third. Olson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. La Stella at second base. Pinder at third base. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Díaz struck out swinging. Toro struck out swinging. Garneau popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Raley pitching for Astros. Grossman lined out to left. Paredes pitching for Astros. Davis struck out swinging. Canha walked. Machín singled to center, Canha to second. Heim walked, Machín to second, Canha to third. La Stella flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Springer safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Machín. Straw reached on infield single to first, Springer to second. Brantley walked, Straw to second, Springer to third. Gurriel hit sacrifice fly to center, Springer scored. Tucker grounded into fielder's choice to second, Brantley out at second, Straw to third. Correa popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Pressly pitching for Astros. Pinder grounded out to shortstop. Laureano singled to shallow left. Olson struck out swinging. Grossman popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 5 - Athletics 4.	Gurriel hits go-ahead sacrifice fly, Astros end 6-game skid