Athletics - Top 1st. Urquidy pitching for Astros. Semien popped out to shortstop. La Stella homered to center (415 feet). Pinder doubled to deep left center. Davis struck out swinging. Olson fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Luzardo pitching for Athletics. Springer flied out to center. Altuve homered to center (440 feet). Brantley singled to right center. Bregman singled to center, Brantley to third. Correa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Brantley scored, Bregman out at second. Tucker popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Urquidy pitching for Astros. Canha homered to center (394 feet). Piscotty flied out to right. Laureano walked. Murphy struck out looking. Semien flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Luzardo pitching for Athletics. Gurriel lined out to left. Díaz struck out swinging. Maldonado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Urquidy pitching for Astros. La Stella grounded out to first. Pinder struck out swinging. Davis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Luzardo pitching for Athletics. Springer struck out swinging. Altuve singled to deep center. Brantley grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Altuve out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Urquidy pitching for Astros. Olson homered to right (427 feet). Canha flied out to left. Piscotty popped out to second. Laureano flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Luzardo pitching for Athletics. Bregman flied out to left. Correa walked. Tucker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Correa out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Urquidy pitching for Astros. Murphy flied out to right. Semien homered to center (419 feet). Taylor pitching for Astros. La Stella walked. Pinder singled to shallow center, La Stella to second. Davis flied out to center. Olson walked, Pinder to second, La Stella to third. Canha flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Luzardo pitching for Athletics. Gurriel walked. Díaz homered to left (394 feet), Gurriel scored. Maldonado bunt lined out to third. Petit pitching for Athletics. Springer hit by pitch. Altuve reached on infield single to third, Springer to second. Brantley singled to center, Springer scored, Brantley to second, Altuve thrown out at third. Bregman doubled to deep left center, Brantley scored. Correa intentionally walked. Diekman pitching for Athletics. Tucker singled to shallow center, Bregman scored, Tucker to second, Correa to third. Gurriel grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Grossman hit for Piscotty. James pitching for Astros. Grossman walked. Laureano grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Grossman out at second. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Canha in right field. Grossman in left field. Diekman pitching for Athletics. Díaz flied out to right. Maldonado struck out swinging. Springer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. James pitching for Astros. Semien singled to left. La Stella singled to right center, Semien to third. Pinder homered to right (360 feet), Semien scored and La Stella scored. Raley pitching for Astros. Davis popped out to second. Olson flied out to center. Canha struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Altuve struck out swinging. Brantley struck out swinging. Bregman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Raley pitching for Astros. Grossman walked. Laureano doubled to right, Grossman to third. Murphy hit sacrifice fly to right, Grossman scored, Laureano to third. Semien walked. La Stella hit by pitch, Semien to second. Orf ran for La Stella. Pinder hit sacrifice fly to right, Laureano scored, Semien to third. Davis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Orf at second base. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Correa singled to left center. Tucker reached first base on catcher's interference, Tucker to first on error by catcher Murphy, Correa to second on error. Gurriel popped out to first. Díaz grounded out to catcher, Tucker to second, Correa to third. Reddick hit for Maldonado. Reddick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 9th. Garneau catching. Scrubb pitching for Astros. Olson struck out looking. Canha singled to right. Grossman struck out swinging. Laureano popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Springer struck out swinging. Altuve popped out to first. Brantley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 9 - Astros 7.	Pinder's HR helps rally A's past Astros 9-7, trail ALDS 2-1