Giants - Top 1st. Ross pitching for Padres. Panik lined out to third. Belt reached on bunt single to shortstop. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Belt out at second. Posey lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Blach pitching for Giants. Cordero struck out swinging. Pirela grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Ross pitching for Padres. Longoria struck out swinging. Crawford singled to left center. Pence struck out swinging. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Blach pitching for Giants. Renfroe flied out to right. Villanueva walked. Galvis struck out looking. Hedges struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Ross pitching for Padres. Blach grounded out to shortstop. Panik hit by pitch. Belt walked, Panik to second. McCutchen lined out to shortstop. Posey grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Blach pitching for Giants. Asuaje grounded out to first. Ross grounded out to pitcher. Cordero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Ross pitching for Padres. Longoria struck out swinging. Crawford singled to right. Pence struck out swinging. Crawford caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Blach pitching for Giants. Pirela grounded out to first. Hosmer grounded out to second. Renfroe lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Ross pitching for Padres. Blanco struck out swinging. Blach flied out to right. Panik singled to right. Belt singled to right center, Panik to third. McCutchen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Blach pitching for Giants. Villanueva reached on infield single to third. Galvis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Villanueva out at second. Hedges singled to right, Galvis to second. Asuaje grounded into fielder's choice to first, Galvis to third, Hedges safe at second on error by first baseman Belt. Ross singled to right, Galvis scored, Hedges to third, Asuaje to second. Cordero grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hedges out at home, Asuaje to third, Ross to second. Pirela singled to right, Asuaje scored, Ross to third, Cordero to second. Hosmer grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 6th. Ross pitching for Padres. Posey grounded out to shortstop. Longoria flied out to left. Crawford singled to right. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Blach pitching for Giants. Renfroe doubled to deep right center. Villanueva doubled to right, Renfroe scored. Galvis singled to center, Villanueva scored. Johnson pitching for Giants. Hedges flied out to center. Asuaje struck out looking. Ross struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Ross pitching for Padres. Blanco reached on infield single to shortstop. Sandoval hit for Johnson. Sandoval grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blanco safe at second on error by shortstop Galvis. Stammen pitching for Padres. Panik singled to left, Blanco scored, Sandoval to second. Belt struck out looking. McCutchen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Panik out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 7th. Dyson pitching for Giants. Cordero homered to center (395 feet). Pirela grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer grounded out to second. Renfroe struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Posey grounded out to shortstop. Longoria struck out looking. Crawford lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Dyson pitching for Giants. Villanueva hit by pitch. Galvis flied out to left. Hedges safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria, Villanueva to second. Asuaje flied out to center, Villanueva to third. Spangenberg hit for Stammen. Spangenberg grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 9th. Szczur in right field. Makita pitching for Padres. Pence struck out swinging. Blanco singled to shallow left. Tomlinson hit for Dyson. Tomlinson reached on infield single to shortstop, Blanco to second. Hand pitching for Padres. Panik grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Tomlinson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 1 - Padres 5.	Ross hits, pitches Padres to 5-1 win over Giants