Marlins - Top 1st. Ross pitching for Padres. Dietrich struck out looking. Realmuto lined out to center. Bour reached on infield single to second. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Straily pitching for Marlins. Jankowski singled to left. Spangenberg singled to center, Jankowski to second. Hosmer singled to center, Jankowski scored, Spangenberg to second, Spangenberg scored, Hosmer to second on error by center fielder Brinson. Pirela grounded out to second, Hosmer to third. Lopez singled to right, Hosmer scored. Reyes struck out swinging. Galvis grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 2nd. Ross pitching for Padres. Riddle grounded out to second. Shuck grounded out to second. Brinson reached on infield single to shortstop. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Straily pitching for Marlins. Margot singled to left. Ross sacrificed to catcher, Margot to second. Jankowski bunt grounded out to catcher, Margot to third. Spangenberg grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Ross pitching for Padres. Straily lined out to right. Dietrich grounded out to first. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Straily pitching for Marlins. Hosmer grounded out to pitcher. Pirela struck out looking. Lopez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Ross pitching for Padres. Bour doubled to right. Anderson singled to right, Bour to third. Riddle grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bour scored, Anderson out at second. Shuck grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Straily pitching for Marlins. Reyes lined out to shortstop. Galvis grounded out to pitcher. Margot grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Ross pitching for Padres. Brinson flied out to right. Rivera walked. Straily bunted into double play, catcher to shortstop to second, Rivera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Straily pitching for Marlins. Ross lined out to center. Jankowski grounded out to pitcher. Spangenberg struck out bunting foul. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Ross pitching for Padres. Dietrich singled to left. Realmuto tripled to left, Dietrich scored. Bour struck out swinging. Stammen pitching for Padres. Anderson singled to left, Realmuto scored. Riddle struck out looking. Shuck doubled to right, Anderson scored, Shuck to third advancing on throw. Brinson grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Straily pitching for Marlins. Hosmer doubled to deep left center. Pirela grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hosmer out at third. Lopez struck out swinging. Reyes homered to left center (442 feet), Pirela scored. Maybin in right field. Conley pitching for Marlins. Galvis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Jankowski in right field. Szczur in left field. Cimber pitching for Padres. Rivera grounded out to pitcher. Maybin grounded out to second. Dietrich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Margot grounded out to shortstop. Szczur struck out swinging. Jankowski struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Hand pitching for Padres. Realmuto struck out swinging. Bour struck out swinging. Anderson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Guerrero pitching for Marlins. Spangenberg singled to left. Hosmer singled to left, Spangenberg to second. Pirela walked, Spangenberg to third, Hosmer to second. Lopez walked, Spangenberg scored, Hosmer to third, Pirela to second. Villanueva hit for Hand. Rojas at third base. García pitching for Marlins. Villanueva singled to center, Hosmer and Pirela scored, Lopez to second. Galvis safe at first on error by center fielder Brinson, Lopez scored, Villanueva to second. Margot grounded into double play, third to second to first, Galvis out at second, Villanueva to third. Szczur struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Makita pitching for Padres. Riddle inside-the-park home run to deep center (266 feet). Rojas singled to right. Yates pitching for Padres. Brinson struck out looking. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rojas out at second. Rivera to second on fielder's indifference. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Padres 9.	Reyes' home run leads Padres past Marlins, 9-5