Athletics - Top 1st. Lucchesi pitching for Padres. Semien doubled to right. Pinder struck out looking. Lowrie grounded out to third. Canha struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Montas pitching for Athletics. Jankowski lined out to center. Spangenberg lined out to left. Hosmer doubled to left. Renfroe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Lucchesi pitching for Padres. Olson hit by pitch. Piscotty walked, Olson to second. Barreto homered to center (424 feet), Olson and Piscotty scored. Phegley homered to left (384 feet). Montas struck out swinging. Semien walked. Pinder lined out to center. Erlin pitching for Padres. Lowrie lined out to right. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Montas pitching for Athletics. Galvis walked. Villanueva grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Galvis out at second. Margot lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Erlin pitching for Padres. Canha homered to center (421 feet). Olson homered to right (406 feet). Piscotty grounded out to shortstop. Barreto reached on infield single to pitcher, Barreto to second on throwing error by second baseman Spangenberg.Barreto to third on throwing error by pitcher Erlin. Phegley hit sacrifice fly to right, Barreto scored. Montas struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Montas pitching for Athletics. Ellis singled to right. Erlin struck out looking. Jankowski walked, Ellis to second. Spangenberg singled to right center, Ellis scored, Jankowski to third. Hosmer lined out to second. Spangenberg caught stealing second, catcher to second. Renfroe batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Semien flied out to center. Pinder singled to center. Lowrie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pinder out at second. Canha flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Renfroe grounded out to second. Galvis struck out swinging. Villanueva reached on infield single to shortstop. Margot singled to center, Villanueva to second. Ellis lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Olson struck out swinging. Piscotty popped out to first. Barreto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Erlin struck out swinging. Jankowski struck out swinging. Spangenberg struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Phegley flied out to right. Montas struck out swinging. Semien grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Hosmer grounded out to second. Renfroe popped out to second. Galvis popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Spangenberg at third base. Villanueva at shortstop. Pirela at second base. Hughes pitching for Padres. Pinder singled to left center. Lowrie singled to center, Pinder to third. Canha struck out swinging. Olson singled to right, Pinder scored, Lowrie to second. Piscotty singled to shallow left, Lowrie to third, Olson to second. Barreto struck out looking. Phegley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Olson out at third, Piscotty to second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Villanueva struck out swinging. Margot walked. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Margot out at second. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Pirela struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Smolinski hit for Hendriks. Hughes pitching for Padres. Smolinski reached on infield single to third. Semien grounded into fielder's choice to third, Smolinski out at second. Pinder struck out swinging. Lowrie homered to right (383 feet), Semien scored. Canha flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Hatcher pitching for Athletics. Jankowski singled to right. Spangenberg struck out swinging. Hosmer struck out swinging. Renfroe walked, Jankowski to second. Reyes hit for Hughes. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Renfroe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Lopez at third base. Spangenberg pitching for Padres. Olson walked. Piscotty walked, Olson to second. Barreto popped out to second. Phegley fouled out to left. Fowler hit for Hatcher. Fowler singled to left center, Olson scored, Piscotty to second. Semien doubled to left, Piscotty scored, Fowler to third. Pinder fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Pinder at third base. Canha in left field. Fowler in center field. Lucas pitching for Athletics. Villanueva homered to left center (381 feet). Margot reached on infield single to shortstop. Ellis struck out swinging. Pirela grounded into fielder's choice to third, Margot out at second. Jankowski doubled to center, Pirela scored. Spangenberg safe at first on error by shortstop Semien, Jankowski advanced to third on Semien error, Jankowski scored on throwing error by shortstop Semien. Hosmer struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Final score: Athletics 12 - Padres 4.	Barreto's 3-run homer leads Oakland's barrage in 12-4 win