Padres - Top 1st. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Margot grounded out to third. Myers struck out swinging. Renfroe doubled to left. Villanueva struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Lucchesi pitching for Padres. Choo grounded out to second. Andrus struck out swinging. Mazara flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Pirela grounded out to second. Ellis walked. Galvis singled to left, Ellis thrown out at third. Hedges struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Lucchesi pitching for Padres. Beltré walked. Odor lined out to shortstop. Profar flied out to center. Chirinos struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Spangenberg grounded out to first. Margot flied out to right. Myers grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Lucchesi pitching for Padres. Guzman struck out swinging. DeShields grounded out to first. Choo singled to left. Andrus lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Renfroe reached on infield single to third. Villanueva singled to left, Renfroe to second. Pirela grounded into double play, to third, Renfroe out at third, Villanueva to second. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Lucchesi pitching for Padres. Mazara grounded out to third. Beltré walked. Odor struck out swinging. Beltré to second on wild pitch by Lucchesi. Profar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Galvis reached on infield single to third. Hedges reached on infield single to third, Galvis to second. Spangenberg grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hedges out at second, Galvis to third. Margot homered to left center (424 feet), Galvis and Spangenberg scored. Myers struck out swinging. Renfroe singled to center. Renfroe stole second. Villanueva struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Stock pitching for Padres. Chirinos hit by pitch. Guzman singled to right, Chirinos to second. DeShields struck out looking. Choo singled to right center, Chirinos thrown out at home, Guzman to second, Guzman to third advancing on throw. Andrus singled to right, Guzman scored, Choo to second. Stammen pitching for Padres. Mazara flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Pirela homered to left (384 feet). Barnette pitching for Rangers. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Galvis popped out to second. Hedges struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Odor singled to right. Profar singled to right center, Odor to second. Chirinos singled to left, Odor scored, Profar to third. Guzman hit sacrifice fly to deep right, Profar scored, Chirinos to third, Guzman to second on error by right fielder Renfroe. Cimber pitching for Padres. DeShields singled to right, Chirinos scored, Guzman to third. Gallo ran for Guzman. Choo reached on infield single to second, Gallo scored, DeShields to third. Andrus hit sacrifice fly to right, DeShields scored, Choo to second. Erlin pitching for Padres. Mazara struck out looking. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 7th. Gallo at first base. Leclerc pitching for Rangers. Spangenberg struck out swinging. Margot flied out to center. Myers grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Beltré struck out swinging. Odor reached on bunt single to pitcher. Odor stole second. Profar walked. Chirinos doubled to deep left, Odor scored, Profar to third. Gallo popped out to shortstop. DeShields grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Martin pitching for Rangers. Renfroe popped out to second. Villanueva flied out to center. Pirela grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Choo struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Mazara reached on infield single to third. Tocci ran for Mazara. Beltré flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Choo in right field. Tocci in left field. Kela pitching for Rangers. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Galvis struck out swinging. Jankowski hit for Hedges. Jankowski singled to right center, Jankowski to second on error by center fielder DeShields. Spangenberg reached on infield single to pitcher, Jankowski to third. Margot lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 4 - Rangers 7.	Choo reaches in 38th game in row as Rangers beat Padres 7-4