Padres - Top 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Margot walked. Myers homered to left (358 feet), Margot scored. Renfroe struck out swinging. Hosmer struck out swinging. Villanueva struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Ross pitching for Padres. Jay doubled to right center. Goldschmidt walked. Lamb walked, Jay to third, Goldschmidt to second. Peralta reached on infield single to second, Jay scored, Goldschmidt to third, Lamb to second. Souza Jr. flied out to center. Descalso doubled to deep left, Goldschmidt and Lamb scored, Peralta to third. Ahmed hit sacrifice fly to right, Peralta scored, Descalso to third. Avila singled to deep right center, Descalso scored, Avila to second on error by right fielder Renfroe. Ray struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Pirela singled to left. Galvis flied out to center. Ellis walked, Pirela to second. Ross grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ellis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Ross pitching for Padres. Jay grounded out to first. Goldschmidt singled to center. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to second, Goldschmidt out at second. Peralta doubled to right, Lamb scored. Souza Jr. homered to center (450 feet), Peralta scored. Descalso struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Margot grounded out to second. Myers homered to center (443 feet). Renfroe flied out to center. Hosmer grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Makita pitching for Padres. Ahmed homered to left (379 feet). Avila hit by pitch. Ray bunted into fielder's choice to third, Avila out at second. Jay singled to left, Ray to second. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ray scored on error by second baseman Pirela, Jay safe at third on error by second baseman Pirela. Lamb flied out to center. Peralta singled to shallow left center, Jay scored, Goldschmidt to second. Souza Jr. struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Villanueva struck out swinging. Pirela homered to right center (404 feet). Galvis walked. Ellis struck out swinging. Makita struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Makita pitching for Padres. Descalso doubled to right. Ahmed walked. Avila walked, Descalso to third, Ahmed to second. Ray struck out swinging. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Descalso scored, Avila out at second, Ahmed to third. Goldschmidt homered to right (399 feet), Ahmed and Jay scored. Lamb struck out looking. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Margot struck out looking. Myers walked. Avila at first base. Murphy catching. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Renfroe singled to center, Myers to second. Spangenberg hit for Hosmer. Spangenberg grounded into fielder's choice to third, Myers out at third, Renfroe to second. Villanueva grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Spangenberg at second base. Pirela at first base. Hughes pitching for Padres. Peralta singled to left center. Souza Jr. struck out looking. Descalso struck out swinging. Ahmed grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Pirela fouled out to third. Galvis grounded out to first. Ellis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Hughes pitching for Padres. Avila homered to right center (402 feet). Murphy flied out to center. Jay flied out to left. Mathis hit for Delgado. Mathis flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Owings in right field. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Asuaje hit for Hughes. Asuaje struck out swinging. Margot struck out looking. Myers homered to right (381 feet). Renfroe grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Spangenberg at third base. Villanueva at first base. Pirela in left field. Asuaje at second base. Yates pitching for Padres. Lamb walked. Peralta reached on infield single to pitcher, Lamb to second. Owings struck out swinging. Descalso singled to right center, Lamb to third, Peralta to second. Ahmed walked, Lamb scored, Peralta to third, Descalso to second. Erlin pitching for Padres. Avila singled to center, Peralta scored, Descalso to third, Ahmed to second. Murphy walked, Descalso scored, Ahmed to third, Avila to second. Jay grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Ahmed out at home. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Spangenberg struck out swinging. Villanueva singled to right. Pirela grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Villanueva out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Marte hit for De La Rosa. Erlin pitching for Padres. Marte homered to right (363 feet). Lamb struck out looking. Peralta grounded out to second. Owings struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Galvis grounded out to third. Ellis grounded out to pitcher. Asuaje grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 5 - Diamondbacks 20.	D-backs set franchise runs mark with 20-5 rout