Padres - Top 1st. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Jankowski walked. Asuaje doubled to deep right, Jankowski scored. Myers singled to deep left, Asuaje scored. Hosmer lined out to left. Myers stole second. Villanueva grounded out to third, Myers to third. Myers scored on Arrieta's wild pitch. Margot walked. Margot stole second, Margot safe at third on throwing error by catcher Alfaro. Galvis singled to center, Margot scored. Hedges grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Richard pitching for Padres. Hernández singled to center. Hoskins walked, Hernández to second. Herrera grounded out to second, Hernández to third, Hoskins to second. Santana grounded out to shortstop, Hernández scored, Hoskins to third. Franco struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Richard struck out looking. Jankowski grounded out to second. Asuaje flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Richard pitching for Padres. Altherr struck out swinging. Kingery singled to left center. Alfaro walked, Kingery to second. Arrieta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Alfaro out at second, Kingery to third. Hernández walked, Arrieta to second. Hoskins walked, Kingery scored, Arrieta to third, Hernández to second. Herrera singled to center, Arrieta and Hernández scored, Hoskins to third. Santana homered to center (421 feet), Hoskins and Herrera scored. Franco popped out to first. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Myers singled to center. Hosmer lined into double play, second to first, Myers doubled off first. Villanueva flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Richard pitching for Padres. Altherr flied out to right. Kingery lined out to third. Alfaro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Margot walked. Margot stole second. Galvis singled to right, Margot scored. Hedges singled to right, Galvis to second. Lopez hit for Richard. Lopez struck out swinging. Williams in right field. Davis pitching for Phillies. Renfroe hit for Jankowski. Renfroe walked, Galvis to third, Hedges to second. Asuaje grounded into fielder's choice to first, Galvis out at home, Hedges to third, Renfroe to second. Myers struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Renfroe in right field. Erlin pitching for Padres. Williams struck out swinging. Hernández grounded out to third. Hoskins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Davis pitching for Phillies. Hosmer flied out to left. Villanueva struck out looking. Margot singled to deep left. Galvis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Herrera reached on infield single to second. Santana grounded out to third, Herrera to second. Franco popped out to shortstop. Plouffe hit for Davis. Plouffe reached on infield single to second, Herrera tagged out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Arano pitching for Phillies. Hedges flied out to left. Reyes hit for Erlin. Reyes singled to center. Renfroe flied out to left. Asuaje walked, Reyes to second. Myers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Maton pitching for Padres. Kingery struck out swinging. Alfaro flied out to center. Williams grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Hunter pitching for Phillies. Hosmer grounded out to second. Villanueva struck out swinging. Margot struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Maton pitching for Padres. Hernández struck out swinging. Hoskins popped out to shortstop. Herrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Neshek pitching for Phillies. Galvis doubled to deep center. Hedges struck out swinging. Pirela hit for Maton. Pirela popped out to third. Renfroe grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Stock pitching for Padres. Santana struck out looking. Franco singled to center. Knapp hit for Neshek. Knapp singled to right, Franco to third. Franco scored on Stock's wild pitch, Knapp safe at second on throwing error by catcher Hedges. Kingery singled to center, Knapp scored. Kingery caught stealing second, catcher to second. Alfaro singled to right. Williams singled to left, Alfaro to second. Hernández doubled to center, Alfaro and Williams scored. Myers in center field. Ellis in left field. Brewer pitching for Padres. Hoskins flied out to center. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 9th. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Asuaje fouled out to third. Myers grounded out to third. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 5 - Phillies 11.	Santana leads Phillies to comeback win over Padres