Phillies - Top 1st. Lucchesi pitching for Padres. Hernández reached on infield single to second. Hoskins struck out swinging. Hernández to second on wild pitch by Lucchesi. Williams flied out to center, Hernández to third. Santana struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Jankowski singled to shallow right center. Jankowski stole second. Hosmer singled to left, Jankowski to third. Renfroe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jankowski scored, Hosmer out at second. Reyes grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Lucchesi pitching for Padres. Cabrera walked. Franco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. Quinn grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Hedges singled to center. Galvis flied out to right. Villanueva singled to left, Hedges to second. Spangenberg walked, Hedges to third, Villanueva to second. Hedges out at home on runner's fielder's choice, Villanueva to third, Spangenberg to second on runner's fielder's choice. Lucchesi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Lucchesi pitching for Padres. Alfaro grounded out to pitcher. Arrieta struck out swinging. Hernández walked. Hoskins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Jankowski singled to left. Jankowski stole second. Hosmer reached on infield single to pitcher. Renfroe lined out to third. Reyes popped out to second. Hedges walked, Jankowski to third, Hosmer to second. Galvis homered to center (406 feet), Jankowski, Hosmer and Hedges scored. Villanueva struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Lucchesi pitching for Padres. Williams struck out looking. Santana lined out to center. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Spangenberg struck out swinging. Lucchesi reached on infield single to shortstop. Jankowski grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lucchesi out at second. Hosmer grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Lucchesi pitching for Padres. Franco singled to deep left, Franco out stretching at second. Quinn grounded out to pitcher. Alfaro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Renfroe struck out swinging. Reyes flied out to right. Hedges grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Jankowski in right field. Margot in center field. Kingery hit for Arrieta. Lucchesi pitching for Padres. Kingery struck out swinging. Hernández grounded out to second. Hoskins walked. Williams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. García pitching for Phillies. Galvis struck out swinging. Villanueva struck out swinging. Spangenberg walked. Pirela hit for Lucchesi. Pirela struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Castillo pitching for Padres. Santana struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to second. Franco singled to right. Quinn fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Jankowski walked. Jankowski stole second. Hosmer fouled out to third. Jankowski stole third. Renfroe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jankowski scored, Renfroe to second on throwing error by third baseman Franco. Margot grounded out to third. Hedges grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 8th. Castillo pitching for Padres. Alfaro struck out swinging. Knapp hit for Morgan. Knapp walked. Hernández walked, Knapp to second. Maton pitching for Padres. Hoskins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hernández out at second, Knapp to third, Knapp scored on throwing error by second baseman Spangenberg. Williams doubled to deep right, Hoskins scored, Williams to third on error by right fielder Jankowski. Santana doubled to center, Williams scored. Cabrera struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Knapp catching. Davis pitching for Phillies. Galvis singled to right. Galvis stole second. Villanueva walked. Spangenberg sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Galvis to third, Villanueva to second, Spangenberg to first, Galvis scored, Villanueva to third, Spangenberg to second on throwing error by pitcher Davis. Ellis hit for Maton. Ellis hit sacrifice fly to center, Villanueva scored. Loup pitching for Phillies. Spangenberg stole third. Jankowski walked. Hosmer grounded out to first, Spangenberg scored, Jankowski to second. Renfroe lined out to third. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 9th. Makita pitching for Padres. Franco struck out swinging. Quinn lined out to center. Bour hit for Loup. Bour singled to right center. Knapp lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Padres 9.	Galvis, Jankowski lead Padres past Phillies 9-3