Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Rockies . Calhoun homered to left ( 384 feet ) . Marte doubled to left . Marte flied out to right , Marte to third . Peralta struck out swinging . Walker doubled to left , Marte scored . Escobar lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Hampson flied out to center . Story homered to left ( 433 feet ) . Blackmon singled to left . Arenado doubled to deep left , Blackmon to third . Murphy struck out swinging . Kemp walked . Dahl struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Vogt flied out to center . Jay grounded out to first . Ahmed singled to center . Ahmed to second on wild pitch by Gray . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Owings flied out to left . Wolters struck out swinging . Hampson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Marte singled to center . Marte singled to shallow right , Marte to third . Peralta singled to center , Marte scored , Marte to second . Walker singled to center , Marte scored , Peralta to second . Escobar grounded out to shortstop , Walker to second , Peralta to third . Vogt grounded out to first , Peralta scored , Walker to third . Jay grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Story walked . Blackmon singled to center , Story to third . Arenado hit sacrifice fly to shortstop , Story scored . Murphy struck out looking . Blackmon to second on wild pitch by Ray . Kemp singled to center , Blackmon scored . Dahl struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Ahmed singled to deep center . Calhoun hit by pitch , Ahmed to second . Marte singled to center , Calhoun to second , Ahmed to third . Marte grounded out to shortstop , Ahmed scored , Marte to second , Calhoun to third . Peralta singled to center , Calhoun scored on error and Marte scored on fielding error by center fielder Dahl . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Walker lined out to right . Escobar struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Owings grounded out to second . Wolters struck out looking . Hampson reached on bunt single to first . Story walked , Hampson to second . Hampson stole third . Blackmon singled to center , Hampson scored , Story to second . Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado singled to center , Story scored , Blackmon to second . Murphy singled to right , Blackmon scored , Arenado to third . Kemp flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Vogt walked . Jay lined out to center . Ahmed struck out swinging . Vogt to second on wild pitch by Hoffman . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Al . Young pitching for Diamondbacks . Dahl grounded out to second . Owings homered to left ( 418 feet ) . Wolters struck out looking . Hampson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Bard pitching for Rockies . Marte grounded out to second . Marte struck out looking . Peralta reached on infield single to catcher , Peralta safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Bard . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Young pitching for Diamondbacks . Story flied out to center . Blackmon flied out to center . Arenado singled to left . Murphy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Almonte pitching for Rockies . Escobar singled to center . Vogt struck out swinging . Jay reached on infield single to third , Escobar to second . Ahmed reached on infield single to shortstop , Escobar scored , Jay to third . Ahmed stole second . Calhoun doubled to deep left , Ahmed scored and Jay scored . Marte flied out to center . Marte grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Rondón pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp grounded out to third . Dahl lined out to center . Owings grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Harvey pitching for Rockies . Peralta doubled to deep left . Walker grounded out to shortstop , Peralta to third . Escobar struck out swinging . Vogt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Tapia hit for Wolters . Guerra pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia grounded out to second . Hampson grounded out to shortstop . Story grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Butera catching . Pazos pitching for Rockies . Jay struck out swinging . Ahmed walked . Ahmed stole second . Calhoun grounded out to first , Ahmed to third . Marte singled to center , Ahmed scored . Marte lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to left center . Arenado singled to left , Blackmon to second . Murphy singled to right center , Arenado to second , Blackmon to third . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp grounded into double play , third to first , Blackmon scored , Murphy to second , Arenado out at third . Dahl struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 12 - Rockies 8 .	Diamondbacks get 18 hits in 12 - 8 win over Rockies