Athletics - Top 1st . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Semien grounded out to second . Kemp grounded out to first . Chapman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Calhoun lined out to right . Marte flied out to left . Marte walked . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Olson struck out swinging . Canha lined out to left . Grossman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Walker reached on infield single to shortstop . Escobar doubled to left , Walker to third . Kelly struck out swinging . Cron struck out swinging . Ahmed walked . Calhoun grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Piscotty struck out swinging . Machin grounded out to third . Allen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Marte popped out to shortstop . Marte grounded out to second . Peralta homered to right ( 418 feet ) . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Semien walked . Kemp lined out to center . Chapman grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Semien out at second . Olson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Escobar grounded out to second . Kelly grounded out to shortstop . Cron hit by pitch . Ahmed bunt grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Canha struck out swinging . Grossman grounded out to shortstop . Piscotty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Calhoun walked . Marte grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Calhoun out at second . Marte flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Machin lined out to left . Allen singled to right . Semien reached on infield single to catcher , Allen to second . Kemp struck out swinging . Chapman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Peralta doubled to deep center . Walker flied out to center , Peralta to third . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Peralta scored . Escobar stole second , Escobar safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Bassitt . Kelly singled to center , Escobar scored . Petit pitching for Athletics . Cron struck out swinging . Ahmed singled to shallow left , Kelly to second . Calhoun flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 7th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Olson struck out swinging . Canha lined out to left . Grossman homered to right center ( 400 feet ) . Piscotty grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . McFarland pitching for Athletics . Marte popped out to shortstop . Marte singled to right . Marte stole second . Peralta grounded out to second , Marte to third . Wendelken pitching for Athletics . Walker flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Rondón pitching for Diamondbacks . Machin reached on infield single to second . Allen doubled to right , Machin to third . Barreto ran for Allen . Semien popped out to first . Kemp walked . Chapman hit sacrifice fly to right , Machin scored , Barreto to third . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Barreto scored on error , Olson safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Ahmed , Kemp safe at second on error . Canha flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Murphy catching . Soria pitching for Athletics . Escobar grounded out to second . Kelly flied out to left . Cron popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Grossman reached on infield single to third . Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks . Piscotty grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Grossman out at second . Machin lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Soria pitching for Athletics . Ahmed doubled to deep left . Diekman pitching for Athletics . Calhoun struck out swinging . Marte reached on infield single to shortstop , Ahmed to third . Marte walked , Marte to second . Peralta singled to right , Ahmed scored , Marte to second , Marte to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 3 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Peralta 's 9th - inning single lifts D - backs past Athletics 4 - 3