Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Bundy pitching for Angels . Rojas lined out to left . VanMeter grounded out to shortstop . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Fletcher flied out to right . Walsh singled to right center . Trout walked , Walsh to second . Rendon flied out to center , Walsh to third . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Bundy pitching for Angels . Calhoun singled to deep right . Escobar walked , Calhoun to second . Peralta reached on infield single to second , Calhoun scored , Peralta to second , Escobar to third . Ahmed singled to left , Escobar scored and Peralta scored . Ahmed stole second . Vogt singled to right , Ahmed scored . Varsho walked , Vogt to second . Rojas struck out swinging . VanMeter flied out to right , Vogt to third . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Upton walked . Stassi homered to left center ( 444 feet ) , Upton scored . Adell struck out swinging . Simmons struck out swinging . Fletcher singled to right center . Walsh struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Bundy pitching for Angels . Calhoun grounded out to second . Escobar popped out to second . Peralta reached on infield single to second . Ahmed reached on infield single to first , Peralta to third . Milner pitching for Angels . Vogt walked , Ahmed to second . Varsho singled to shallow right , Ahmed scored on throwing error by second baseman Fletcher and Peralta scored , Vogt to second . Rojas lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Trout flied out to right . Rendon lined out to right . Pujols popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Sandoval pitching for Angels . VanMeter struck out swinging . Walker struck out swinging . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Stassi popped out to second . Adell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Peralta grounded out to pitcher . Ahmed grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Simmons singled to right . Fletcher grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Simmons out at second . Walsh homered to left center ( 407 feet ) . Trout struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Vogt lined out to left . Varsho flied out to right . Rojas reached on infield single to first . VanMeter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Rendon lined out to right . Pujols lined out to second . Upton homered to left ( 397 feet ) . Stassi doubled to left . Adell grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Walker doubled to left . Calhoun homered to center ( 406 feet ) , Walker scored . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . Peralta homered to right ( 400 feet ) . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Vogt grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Simmons singled to right . Fletcher struck out looking . Walsh walked , Simmons to second . Trout doubled to deep center , Simmons scored , Walsh to third . Rendon grounded out to shortstop , Walsh scored . Pujols lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Varsho grounded out to first . Rojas grounded out to shortstop . VanMeter popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Guerra pitching for Diamondbacks . Upton reached on infield single to first . Stassi singled to right , Upton to second . Upton to third on wild pitch by Guerra . Adell struck out swinging . Simmons grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stassi out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Walker flied out to center . Calhoun lined out to right . Escobar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks . Fletcher lined out to center . Walsh grounded out to shortstop . Trout safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Escobar . Rendon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Trout out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Angels 6 .	Calhoun , Peralta power Diamondbacks past Angels again , 9 - 6