Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Astros . Rojas struck out swinging . VanMeter struck out swinging . Walker singled to deep center . Calhoun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Springer safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Ahmed . Altuve walked , Springer to second . Brantley singled to deep center , Altuve to second , Springer to third . Bregman struck out looking . Springer scored on Gallen wild pitch , Brantley to second on wild pitch by Gallen , Altuve to third on wild pitch by Gallen . Tucker struck out swinging . Gurriel struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Astros . Peralta struck out swinging . Ahmed grounded out to third . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Correa grounded out to pitcher . Reddick popped out to shortstop . Maldonado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Astros . Varsho struck out swinging . Kelly singled to center . Rojas grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Kelly out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Springer safe at first on fielding error by third baseman VanMeter . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Springer out at second . Brantley singled to left , Altuve to second . Bregman flied out to center . Tucker doubled to left , Altuve scored , Brantley to third . Gurriel struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Astros . VanMeter singled to center . Walker reached on infield single to first , VanMeter to second . Calhoun homered to right ( 382 feet ) , VanMeter scored and Walker scored . Peralta struck out swinging . Ahmed lined out to left . Smith popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Correa singled to left center . Reddick grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Correa out at second . Maldonado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Astros . Varsho struck out looking . Kelly struck out swinging . Rojas singled to shallow right center . VanMeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Springer homered to left ( 415 feet ) . Altuve lined out to right . Brantley grounded out to first . Bregman grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Garcia pitching for Astros . Walker flied out to right . Calhoun flied out to right . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Tucker reached on infield single to first . Gurriel popped out to shortstop . Tucker stole second . Correa struck out looking . Reddick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Garcia pitching for Astros . Ahmed reached on infield single to pitcher . Smith tripled to deep center , Ahmed scored . Smith scored on Garcia wild pitch . Varsho doubled to deep right . Kelly struck out swinging . Taylor pitching for Astros . Rojas grounded out to first , Varsho to third . VanMeter grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Rondón pitching for Diamondbacks . Maldonado popped out to first . Springer lined out to center . Altuve doubled to right center . Brantley grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Taylor pitching for Astros . Walker grounded out to third . Calhoun homered to right ( 370 feet ) . Scrubb pitching for Astros . Peralta grounded out to second . Ahmed singled to left . Smith struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Guerra pitching for Diamondbacks . Bregman grounded out to second . Tucker flied out to right . Gurriel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Scrubb pitching for Astros . Varsho struck out looking . Kelly lined out to center . Rojas grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks . Correa struck out looking . Reddick lined out to center . Maldonado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Astros 3 .	Calhoun homers twice in Arizona ’s 6 - 3 win over Houston