Rangers - Top 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Kinsler singled to center. Andrus struck out swinging. Hamilton singled to right, Kinsler to third. Beltre grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hamilton out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Aviles singled to left. Pedroia homered to left (391 feet), Aviles scored. Gonzalez singled to right. Ortiz popped out to third. Youkilis struck out looking. Sweeney doubled to deep center, Gonzalez to third. Ross grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Young struck out swinging. Cruz doubled to deep center. Napoli homered to left (410 feet), Cruz scored. Torrealba walked. Gentry singled to center, Torrealba to second. Kinsler walked, Torrealba to third, Gentry to second. Andrus reached on infield single to pitcher, Torrealba scored, Gentry to third, Kinsler to second. Hamilton hit into fielder's choice to left, Gentry scored, Kinsler out at third, Andrus to second. Beltre reached on infield single to second, Andrus to third, Hamilton to second. Young grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. Repko struck out looking. Aviles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Cruz singled to center. Napoli walked, Cruz to second. Torrealba walked, Cruz to third, Napoli to second. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Gentry grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cruz scored, Napoli out at third, Torrealba to second. Kinsler walked, Torrealba to third, Gentry to second. Andrus hit sacrifice fly to right, Torrealba scored. Hamilton singled to right, Gentry scored, Kinsler to third. Beltre flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez flied out to right. Ortiz singled to center. Youkilis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Young struck out swinging. Cruz grounded out to third. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Sweeney fouled out to third. Ross reached on infield single to shortstop. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. Repko singled to left, Ross to third, Repko out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Torrealba struck out swinging. Gentry singled to center. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gentry out at second. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Aviles flied out to left. Pedroia fouled out to third. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Hamilton grounded out to second. Beltre popped out to first. Young homered to right (392 feet). Cruz flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Ortiz grounded out to second. Youkilis struck out swinging. Sweeney doubled to left. Ross lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Albers pitching for Red Sox. Napoli flied out to left. Torrealba flied out to right. Gentry fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Saltalamacchia popped out to first. Repko struck out swinging. Aviles struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Melancon pitching for Red Sox. Kinsler doubled to left. Andrus walked. Hamilton homered to right (469 feet), Kinsler and Andrus scored. Beltre homered to center (407 feet). Murphy hit for Young. Murphy walked. Cruz homered to center (409 feet), Murphy scored. Thomas pitching for Red Sox. Napoli singled to left. Torrealba struck out looking. Napoli to second on wild pitch by Thomas. Gentry reached on infield single to shortstop, Napoli to third. Gonzalez hit for Kinsler. Gonzalez grounded out to third, Napoli scored, Gentry to second. Andrus doubled to deep center, Gentry scored. Snyder hit for Hamilton. Snyder walked. Beltre flied out to right. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Gonzalez at second base. Snyder in left field. Uehara pitching for Rangers. Spears hit for Pedroia. Spears struck out swinging. Gonzalez homered to right (419 feet). Ortiz grounded out to second. Youkilis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Spears at second base. Padilla pitching for Red Sox. Murphy singled to left. Cruz struck out swinging. Napoli homered to right (364 feet), Murphy scored. Torrealba singled to left. Gentry grounded into fielder's choice to second, Torrealba out at second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Sweeney singled to right. Ross struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia lined out to second. Repko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 18 - Red Sox 3.	Rangers pummel Red Sox