Blue Jays - Top 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Escobar singled to center. Rasmus grounded into fielder's choice to first, Escobar out at second. Bautista flied out to left. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler doubled to deep right center. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kinsler to third. Hamilton grounded out to second, Kinsler scored, Andrus to second. Andrus to third on passed ball by Arencibia. Beltre hit sacrifice fly to left, Andrus scored. Young flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Arencibia grounded out to second. Thames flied out to center. Lawrie reached on infield single to shortstop. Cooper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Murphy reached on infield single to pitcher. Cruz struck out swinging. Torrealba grounded into fielder's choice to third, Murphy safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Lawrie. Moreland singled to left center, Murphy to third, Torrealba to second. Kinsler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moreland out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Vizquel singled to right center. Escobar singled to right center, Vizquel to third. Rasmus struck out looking. Bautista struck out swinging. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton singled to left. Beltre singled to left, Hamilton to second. Young lined out to right. Murphy walked, Hamilton to third, Beltre to second. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Arencibia struck out swinging. Thames grounded out to second. Lawrie grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Torrealba flied out to center. Moreland singled to right. Kinsler grounded into double play, third to second to first, Moreland out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Cooper singled to left center. Vizquel popped out to second. Escobar struck out looking. Rasmus homered to right (380 feet), Cooper scored. Bautista singled to left. Encarnacion popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Andrus grounded out to third. Hamilton grounded out to first. Beltre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Arencibia grounded out to first. Thames doubled to deep center. Lawrie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thames to third. Cooper singled to center, Thames scored, Lawrie to third. Vizquel reached on bunt single to first, Lawrie scored, Cooper to second. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cooper out at third, Vizquel to second. Rasmus flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Young grounded out to pitcher. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. Cruz homered to left center (430 feet). Torrealba homered to left center (414 feet). Moreland homered to left center (415 feet). Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Bautista doubled to deep center. Encarnacion flied out to right. Arencibia singled to center, Bautista scored. Thames grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arencibia out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Andrus walked. Hamilton struck out swinging. Beltre singled to center, Andrus to third. Young flied out to right. Gentry hit for Murphy. Gentry flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Hamilton in left field. Gentry in center field. Adams pitching for Rangers. Lawrie struck out swinging. Cooper flied out to left. Vizquel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Cordero pitching for Blue Jays. Cruz flied out to right. Torrealba struck out swinging. Moreland grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Rangers. Escobar flied out to center. Rasmus struck out swinging. Bautista flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler hit by pitch. Andrus sacrificed to catcher, Kinsler to second. Hamilton intentionally walked. Beltre flied out to left, Kinsler to third, Hamilton to second on throwing error by left fielder Thames. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 10th. Uehara pitching for Rangers. Encarnacion fouled out to first. Arencibia struck out swinging. Thames flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 10th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Gentry hit by pitch. Cruz struck out looking, Gentry stole second. Torrealba flied out to center, Gentry to third. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Napoli hit for Moreland. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 11th. Napoli at first base. Uehara pitching for Rangers. Lawrie popped out to second. Cooper grounded out to second. Vizquel popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 11th. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler singled to left. Andrus sacrificed to first, Kinsler to second. Kinsler to third on wild pitch by Oliver. Hamilton grounded out to first. Beltre grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 12th. Ross pitching for Rangers. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. Rasmus walked. Bautista struck out swinging. Rasmus stole second. Encarnacion reached on infield single to shortstop, Rasmus to third. Arencibia grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 12th. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Young singled to right. Gentry popped out to second. Cruz flied out to right. Torrealba walked, Young to second. Napoli flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 13th. Davis hit for Thames. Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Rangers. Davis grounded out to third. Lawrie singled to left. Gomes hit for Cooper. Gomes struck out looking. Lawrie to second on passed ball by Torrealba. Vizquel singled to center, Lawrie scored, Vizquel to second advancing on throw. Tateyama pitching for Rangers. Escobar safe at first on error by right fielder Cruz, Vizquel scored. Rasmus grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 13th. Davis in left field. Gomes at first base. Igarashi pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler walked. Andrus doubled to deep center, Kinsler scored. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Hamilton homered to center (424 feet), Andrus scored. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 7 - Rangers 8.	Hamilton blasts walk-off  shot in 13th