Brewers - Top 1st. Lester pitching for Nationals. Wong grounded out to first. Adames struck out swinging. García flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Turner grounded out to shortstop. Soto grounded out to first. Zimmerman doubled to left. Schwarber walked. Castro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Lester pitching for Nationals. Cain singled to shallow right center. Piña flied out to left. Cain caught stealing second, catcher to second. Urías singled to left center. Hiura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Harrison singled to right center. Gomes lined out to center. Mercer lined out to shortstop. Lester grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Lester pitching for Nationals. Bradley Jr. grounded out to pitcher. Anderson struck out swinging. Wong reached on bunt single to first. Adames safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Castro, Wong to second. García popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Turner walked. Soto struck out swinging. Turner stole second. Zimmerman doubled to deep right, Turner scored. Schwarber struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Lester pitching for Nationals. Cain doubled to left. Piña flied out to left. Urías singled to left, Cain scored. Urías stole second. Hiura fouled out to shortstop. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. Gomes singled to shallow center. Mercer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gomes safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Urías. Bell hit for Lester. Bell walked, Mercer to second, Gomes to third. Boxberger pitching for Brewers. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gomes scored, Bell to second, Mercer safe at third on fielding error by shortstop Adames, Bell out at third. Turner stole second. Soto intentionally walked. Zimmerman flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Suero pitching for Nationals. Yelich hit for Boxberger. Yelich singled to center, Yelich safe at second on fielding error by center fielder Harrison. Wong doubled to deep right, Yelich scored. Adames reached on infield single to pitcher, Wong out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Hudson pitching for Nationals. García grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Adames out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Suter pitching for Brewers. Bradley Jr. in right field. Yelich in left field. Schwarber flied out to left. Castro reached on infield single to first. Harrison struck out swinging. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Hudson pitching for Nationals. Cain walked. Narváez hit for Piña. Narváez struck out swinging. Urías doubled to deep left, Cain scored. Shaw hit for Hiura. Shaw walked. Urías to third on wild pitch by Hudson. Bradley Jr. hit sacrifice fly to center, Urías scored, Shaw to second. Clay pitching for Nationals. Yelich walked. Wong singled to shallow left, Shaw scored, Yelich to second. Adames doubled to left, Yelich scored, Wong to third. Vogelbach hit for Suter. Vogelbach struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Brewers. Narváez catching. Shaw at first base. Stevenson hit for Mercer. Stevenson reached on infield single to catcher. Hernández hit for Clay. Hernández reached on infield single to second, Stevenson to second. Turner flied out to right. Soto struck out swinging. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Harrison at second base. Stevenson in center field. Espino pitching for Nationals. Cain singled to shallow right center. Narváez lined out to center. Urías walked, Cain to second. Shaw grounded into fielder's choice to first, Urías out at second, Cain to third. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Yardley pitching for Brewers. Schwarber singled to left. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schwarber out at second. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castro out at second. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harrison out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 6 - Nationals 2.	Brewers sweep Nationals in day-night doubleheader