Brewers - Top 1st. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Urías fouled out to catcher. Vogelbach grounded out to pitcher. Yelich walked. García grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Yelich out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Woodruff pitching for Brewers. Tapia grounded out to third. Daza singled to right. Blackmon struck out looking. Story reached on infield single to shortstop, Daza to second. McMahon walked, Story to second, Daza to third. Cron homered to right (401 feet), Daza scored, Story scored and McMahon scored. Hampson homered to left (381 feet). Díaz grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Narváez walked. Adames grounded into double play, third to second to first, Narváez out at second. Peterson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Woodruff pitching for Brewers. Márquez lined out to right. Tapia struck out swinging. Daza flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Bradley Jr. walked. Woodruff grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bradley Jr. out at second. Urías grounded into fielder's choice to third, Woodruff out at second. Vogelbach grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Woodruff pitching for Brewers. Blackmon lined out to third. Story popped out to second. McMahon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Yelich reached on infield single to third. García lined out to second. Narváez grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Yelich out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Woodruff pitching for Brewers. Cron struck out swinging. Hampson walked. Hampson to second on passed ball by Narváez. Díaz grounded out to third. Márquez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Urías, Hampson safe at third on error. Tapia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Márquez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 5th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Adames flied out to second. Peterson flied out to left. Bradley Jr. struck out, Bradley Jr. to first on wild pitch by Márquez. Bradley Jr. to second on wild pitch by Márquez. Woodruff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Woodruff pitching for Brewers. Daza struck out swinging. Blackmon safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Adames. Story singled to left, Blackmon to second. McMahon grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Story safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Woodruff, Blackmon to third. Cron grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McMahon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Urías safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Story. Vogelbach struck out swinging. Yelich safe at first on fielding error by third baseman McMahon, Urías to second. García grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Yelich out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Yardley pitching for Brewers. Hampson singled to shallow left. Díaz grounded out to shortstop, Hampson to second. Márquez grounded out to second, Hampson to third. Tapia singled to right, Hampson scored on error, Tapia safe at second on fielding error by right fielder García. Daza singled to shallow left, Tapia scored. Milner pitching for Brewers. Fisher in right field. Blackmon lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 7th. Bowden pitching for Rockies. Narváez walked. Adames struck out looking. Reyes hit for Peterson. Reyes walked, Narváez to second. Bradley Jr. walked, Reyes to second, Narváez to third. Fisher flied out to left. Almonte pitching for Rockies. Urías doubled to deep left center, Bradley Jr. scored, Narváez scored and Reyes scored. Vogelbach grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Urías at second base. Reyes at third base. Milner pitching for Brewers. Story lined out to left. McMahon struck out looking. Strickland pitching for Brewers. Robertson at first base. Cron doubled to deep left. Hampson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Kinley pitching for Rockies. Yelich reached on infield single to pitcher. Robertson flied out to right. Narváez walked, Yelich to second. Adames struck out swinging. Reyes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Strickland pitching for Brewers. Díaz flied out to left. Rodgers hit for Kinley. Rodgers struck out looking. Tapia walked. Tapia stole second. Daza flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Bard pitching for Rockies. Bradley Jr. grounded out to second. Fisher grounded out to first. Urías singled to shallow center. Piña hit for Strickland. Urías to second on fielder's indifference. Piña fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 3 - Rockies 7.	Cron's grand slam sends Rockies over Brewers 7-3