Marlins - Top 1st . Maddux pitching for Braves . Pierre doubled to deep right . Fox singled to left , Pierre scored . Rodriguez flied out to deep right , Fox to second . Lee safe at first on error by third baseman Castilla . Lowell grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Fox to third , Lee safe at second on throwing error by Maddux . Encarnacion singled to center , Fox and Lee scored , Lowell to third . Hollandsworth struck out swinging , Encarnacion stole second . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Beckett lined out to first . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Furcal grounded out to second . Fick walked . Sheffield lined out to left . Jones struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Maddux pitching for Braves . Pierre lined out to shortstop . Fox lined out to shortstop . Rodriguez homered to left . Lee singled to right . Lowell homered to left , Lee scored . Encarnacion singled to left . Encarnacion stole second . Hollandsworth intentionally walked . Gonzalez homered to center , Encarnacion and Hollandsworth scored . Beckett struck out looking . 6 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Jones singled to left . Castilla struck out swinging . Giles flied out to right center . Hodges pitching for Braves . Derosa at third base . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Hodges pitching for Braves . Pierre walked . Fox struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to left , Pierre to second . Lee singled to center , Pierre scored , Rodriguez to second . Lowell flied out to right . Encarnacion singled to left , Rodriguez to third , Lee to second . Lee to third , Encarnacion to second on wild pitch by Hodges . Hollandsworth struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Derosa reached on infield single to shortstop . Furcal singled to center , Derosa to second . Fick walked , Derosa to third , Furcal to second . Sheffield singled to left , Derosa scored , Furcal to third , Fick to second . Jones flied out to left . Bragg hit for Hodges . Jones struck out swinging . Bragg in center field . Dawley pitching for Braves . Bragg struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Dawley pitching for Braves . Gonzalez struck out looking . Beckett grounded out to shortstop . Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop . Fox struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Giles grounded out to shortstop . Blanco singled to left . Derosa grounded out to pitcher , Blanco to second . Furcal struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Dawley pitching for Braves . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Lee doubled to center . Lowell flied out to right . Encarnacion flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Fick flied out to left center . Sheffield walked . Jones struck out swinging . Franco in right field . Dawley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Dawley pitching for Braves . Hollandsworth doubled to deep right . Gonzalez tripled to deep center , Hollandsworth scored . Beckett singled to right center , Gonzalez scored . Pierre doubled to right , Beckett to third . Fox hit by pitch . Rodriguez singled to right center , Beckett and Pierre scored , Fox to second , Fox to third advancing on play . Bong pitching for Braves . Lee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fox scored , Rodriguez out at second . Lowell lined out to left . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Bragg struck out swinging . Giles singled to right . Blanco flied out to right . Derosa popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Keun Bong pitching for Braves . Encarnacion grounded out to second . Hollandsworth reached on infield single to shortstop . Williams hit for Beckett . Gonzalez popped out to second . Williams in right field . Castro catching . Banks at first base . Mordecai at third base . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Williams flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . Fick grounded out to pitcher . Franco reached on infield single to second . King pitching for Braves . Jones flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . King pitching for Braves . Pierre grounded out to second . Fox singled to center . Castro singled to right , Fox to second . Spooneybarger pitching for Marlins . Franco hit for King . Banks grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castro out at second , Fox to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Spooneybarger pitching for Marlins . Franco grounded out to shortstop . Bragg grounded out to first . Gryboski pitching for Braves . Giles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Redman hit for Spooneybarger . King pitching for Braves . Mordecai flied out to right . Redmond struck out swinging . Hollandsworth doubled to right . Gonzalez singled to left , Hollandsworth scored . Looper pitching for Marlins . Williams struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Looper pitching for Marlins . Blanco singled to right . Derosa struck out swinging . Furcal fouled out to third . Fick grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 17 - Braves 1 .	Maddux rocked : Marlins tee off on Braves ' ace