Braves - Top 1st . Seo pitching for Mets . Furcal flied out to shallow left . Giles flied out to left . Sheffield grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Hampton pitching for Braves . McEwing singled to left . Gonzalez safe at first on error by first baseman Fick , McEwing to second . Wigginton singled to left , McEwing thrown out at home , Gonzalez to second . Burnitz struck out swinging . Phillips reached on infield single to shortstop , Gonzalez to third , Wigginton to second . Shinjo grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gonzalez out at home , Wigginton to third , Phillips to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Seo pitching for Mets . Jones grounded out to second . Jones doubled to left . Fick singled to right , Jones scored . Castilla singled to center , Fick to second . Blanco flied out to center . Hampton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castilla out at second , Fick to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Clark reached on infield single to second . Sanchez grounded out to second , Clark to second . Seo grounded out to first , Clark to third . McEwing flied out to deep left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Seo pitching for Mets . Furcal grounded out to first . Giles lined out to second . Sheffield grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Gonzalez singled to center . Wigginton safe at first on error by third baseman Castilla , Gonzalez to second . Gonzalez to third , Wigginton to second on wild pitch by Hampton . Burnitz walked . Phillips grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Gonzalez out at home , Wigginton to third , Burnitz to second . Shinjo doubled to left , Wigginton and Burnitz scored . Clark lined out to first . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Seo pitching for Mets . Jones flied out to center . Jones singled to left center . Fick flied out to center . Castilla grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Sanchez singled to center . Seo sacrificed to pitcher , Sanchez to second . McEwing flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Seo pitching for Mets . Blanco flied out to left . Hampton flied out to right center . Furcal doubled to right center . Giles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Wigginton walked . Burnitz grounded out to first , Wigginton to second . Phillips walked . Shinjo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Phillips out at second , Wigginton to third . Clark walked , Shinjo to second , Wigginton scored on wild pitch by Hampton . Clark batting . Sanchez singled to right center , Shinjo scored , Clark to third . Seo grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Seo pitching for Mets . Sheffield flied out to deep center . Jones flied out to left . Jones walked . Fick grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Hampton pitching for Braves . McEwing grounded out to first . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . Wigginton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Seo pitching for Mets . Castilla grounded out to shortstop . Bragg hit for Hampton . Blanco flied out to left . Bong pitching for Braves . Bragg flied out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Keun Bong pitching for Braves . Burnitz doubled to left . Phillips singled to right , Burnitz to third . Shinjo struck out swinging . Clark grounded into double play , second to first , Phillips out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Seo pitching for Mets . Furcal flied out to right . Giles flied out to center . Gryboski pitching for Braves . Sheffield grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Gryboski pitching for Braves . Sanchez grounded out to second . Seo struck out swinging . McEwing grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Seo pitching for Mets . Jones doubled to left . Benitez pitching for Mets . Derosa ran for Jones . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop , Derosa to third . Fick singled to shallow left , Derosa scored , Jones to second . Castilla lined out to left . Franco hit for Gryboski . Blanco flied out to left . Franco struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 2 - Mets 4 .	Former Mets pitcher ca n't help Braves at Shea