Braves - Top 1st . Leiter pitching for Mets . Furcal grounded out to third . Giles walked . Giles stole second . Giles to third on wild pitch by Leiter . Sheffield singled to left , Giles scored . Franco grounded out to third , Sheffield to second . Derosa singled to right , Sheffield scored . Castilla grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Derosa out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Ramirez pitching for Braves . McEwing bunt grounded out to pitcher . Sanchez grounded out to second . Wigginton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Leiter pitching for Mets . Blanco flied out to shallow center . Bragg doubled to deep center . Ramirez flied out to left . Furcal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Floyd walked . Burnitz singled to right , Floyd to third . Phillips walked , Burnitz to second . Shinjo lined out to third , Floyd scored , Burnitz to third on error by shortstop Furcal . Wilson doubled to left , Burnitz scored , Phillips to third . Phillips out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice , Wilson to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Leiter struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Leiter pitching for Mets . Giles flied out to shallow center . Sheffield walked . Franco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sheffield out at second . Derosa walked , Franco to second . Castilla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Ramirez pitching for Braves . McEwing popped out to shallow left center . Sanchez singled to right . Wigginton walked , Sanchez to second . Floyd grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Wigginton out at second , Sanchez to third . Burnitz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Leiter pitching for Mets . Blanco struck out swinging . Bragg reached on infield single to first . Ramirez sacrificed to pitcher , Bragg to second . Furcal singled to right , Bragg scored , Furcal to second on error by right fielder Burnitz . Giles lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Phillips singled to shallow left . Shinjo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Phillips out at second . Wilson singled to right , Shinjo to third . Leiter grounded out to pitcher , Wilson to second . McEwing grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Leiter pitching for Mets . Sheffield reached on infield single to third . Sheffield caught stealing second , catcher to second . Franco flied out to deep right . Derosa homered to left . Castilla grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Sanchez walked . Wigginton grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Sanchez out at second . Floyd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Leiter pitching for Mets . Blanco walked . Bragg lined out to right . Ramirez struck out swinging . Furcal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Burnitz hit ground rule double to deep right . Phillips doubled to right , Burnitz scored . Gryboski pitching for Braves . Scutaro ran for Phillips . Cedeno hit for Shinjo . Cedeno grounded out to second , Scutaro to third . Clark hit for Leiter . Wilson singled to left , Scutaro scored . King pitching for Braves . Clark flied out to left center . McEwing singled to center , Wilson to second . Sanchez singled to left , Wilson scored , McEwing to second , McEwing to third advancing on throw . Holmes pitching for Braves . Sanchez stole second . Wigginton singled to center , McEwing and Sanchez scored . Floyd singled to left , Wigginton to third . Burnitz homered to right , Wigginton and Floyd scored . Cedeno in right field . Clark at first base . Weathers pitching for Mets . Burnitz in center field . Scutaro flied out to shallow right . 8 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Weathers pitching for Mets . Giles walked . Sheffield walked , Giles to second . Franco grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sheffield out at second , Giles to third . Hodges pitching for Braves . Derosa flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Hodges pitching for Braves . Cedeno flied out to center . Wilson struck out swinging . Clark walked . McEwing struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Weathers pitching for Mets . Castilla struck out swinging . Blanco lined out to left . Bong pitching for Braves . Bragg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Keun Bong pitching for Braves . Sanchez lined out to first . Wigginton walked . Floyd lined out to left . Gonzalez in left field . Lloyd pitching for Mets . Franco hit for Bong . Burnitz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Lloyd pitching for Mets . Franco grounded out to third . Furcal grounded out to second . Giles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 4 - Mets 10 .	Mets use eight - run sixth to bury Braves