Braves - Top 1st . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Furcal singled to right , Furcal to second on error by right fielder Banks . Giles grounded out to second , Furcal to third . Sheffield grounded out to second , Furcal scored . Jones struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Hampton pitching for Braves . Pierre grounded out to second . Castillo singled to right . Rodriguez singled to right , Castillo to second . Lowell walked , Castillo to third , Rodriguez to second . Lee walked , Castillo scored , Rodriguez to third , Lowell to second . Banks struck out swinging . Gonzalez popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Jones walked . Fick grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Cabrera homered to center . Beckett grounded out to shortstop . Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop . Castillo singled to left , Pierre to second . Rodriguez singled to center , Pierre scored , Castillo to second . Lowell doubled to left , Castillo scored , Rodriguez to third . Lee intentionally walked . Banks grounded out to third , Rodriguez scored , Lowell to third , Lee to second . Gonzalez singled to center , Lowell and Lee scored . Cabrera flied out to right . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Castilla struck out swinging . Hampton walked . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hampton out at second . Giles struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Beckett struck out looking . Pierre flied out to left . Castillo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Sheffield grounded out to third . Jones flied out to left . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Rodriguez hit ground rule double to deep right center . Lowell doubled to left , Rodriguez scored . Lee flied out to deep center , Lowell to third . Banks hit sacrifice fly to right , Lowell scored . Gonzalez safe at first on error by third baseman Castilla . Cabrera flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 5th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Fick grounded out to first . Lopez doubled to deep right center . Castilla grounded out to pitcher , Lopez to third . Bong hit for Hampton . Bong pitching for Braves . Bong struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Keun Bong pitching for Braves . Beckett grounded out to pitcher . Pierre singled to center . Castillo singled to left , Pierre to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pierre out at third , Castillo to second . Lowell singled to left , Castillo scored , Rodriguez to second . Lee tripled to left center , Rodriguez and Lowell scored . Banks walked . Mordecai at third base . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Furcal grounded out to second . Franco hit for Sheffield . Giles struck out swinging . Derosa hit for Jones . Franco singled to right . Franco in right field . Derosa in left field . Bragg in center field . Derosa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Franco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Castro hit for Beckett . Keun Bong pitching for Braves . Cabrera doubled to left center . Castro singled to right , Cabrera to third . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera scored , Castro out at second . Castillo singled to left , Pierre to second . Rodriguez singled to left , Pierre scored , Castillo to second . Mordecai struck out looking . Castillo to third , Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Bong . Castro catching . Hollandsworth in left field . Tejera pitching for Marlins . Mordecai at second base . Fox at shortstop . Cabrera at third base . Lee struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Tejera pitching for Marlins . Bragg struck out swinging . Fick flied out to right . Hodges pitching for Braves . Lopez flied out to deep center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Hodges pitching for Braves . Banks doubled to deep left . Fox doubled to right , Banks scored . Cabrera doubled to left center , Fox scored . Castro homered to left , Cabrera scored . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Hollandsworth reached on infield single to first . Redmond hit for Tejera . Redmond struck out swinging . Bump pitching for Marlins . Mordecai struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Franco hit for Hodges . Bump pitching for Marlins . Castilla grounded out to first . Franco grounded out to first . Hernandez pitching for Braves . Furcal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Braves . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Banks singled to center . Fox grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Banks out at second . Cabrera homered to left center , Fox scored . Almanza pitching for Marlins . Castro grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Almanza pitching for Marlins . Giles struck out swinging . Franco struck out swinging . Derosa singled to shallow center . Bragg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 1 - Marlins 20 .	Marlins rough up Braves ' Hampton in another rout