Padres - Top 1st . Maddux pitching for Braves . Vazquez singled to shallow left . Kotsay doubled to deep right , Vazquez to third . Loretta grounded out to shortstop , Vazquez scored , Kotsay to third . Nevin reached on infield single to shortstop , Kotsay scored . Klesko singled to right , Nevin to third . White singled to right , Nevin scored , Klesko to second . Burroughs singled to shallow right , Klesko to third , White to second . Bennett struck out swinging . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Burroughs out at second . 3 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Eaton pitching for Padres . Furcal singled to left . Giles flied out to right . Sheffield struck out swinging . Furcal stole second . Jones flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Maddux pitching for Braves . Vazquez walked . Kotsay flied out to shallow center . Loretta singled to shallow center , Vazquez to third . Nevin singled to center , Vazquez scored , Loretta to second . Klesko grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Nevin out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Eaton pitching for Padres . Jones struck out swinging . Fick fouled out to third . Castilla flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Maddux pitching for Braves . White doubled to deep left . Burroughs flied out to left . Bennett singled to shallow right , White scored . Eaton sacrificed to pitcher , Bennett to second . Vazquez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Eaton pitching for Padres . Blanco lined out to left . Maddux flied out to right . Furcal singled to center . Giles singled to left , Furcal to second . Sheffield popped out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Maddux pitching for Braves . Kotsay flied out to right . Loretta grounded out to shortstop . Nevin singled to shallow left . Klesko singled to left , Nevin to second , Nevin to third , Klesko to second on error by left fielder Jones . White grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 4th . Eaton pitching for Padres . Jones homered to right center . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Fick struck out swinging . Castilla struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Maddux pitching for Braves . Burroughs grounded out to second . Bennett singled to left . Eaton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bennett out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Franco hit for Maddux . Eaton pitching for Padres . Blanco flied out to shallow center . Franco struck out swinging . Marquis pitching for Braves . Furcal lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Marquis pitching for Braves . Vazquez singled to left . Kotsay doubled to right , Vazquez scored . Loretta grounded out to third . Nevin struck out swinging . Klesko intentionally walked . White grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Klesko out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Eaton pitching for Padres . Giles walked . Sheffield doubled to left , Giles scored . Jones tripled to right , Sheffield scored . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Jones struck out swinging . Fick grounded out to first , Jones scored . Castilla struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Marquis pitching for Braves . Burroughs hit by pitch . Bennett grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Burroughs out at second . Linebrink hit ground rule double to deep left center . Bong pitching for Braves . Merloni at third base . Vazquez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Bragg hit for Bong . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Blanco flied out to center . Bragg struck out swinging . Cunnane pitching for Braves . Furcal grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Kotsay grounded out to third . Loretta singled to left . Nevin flied out to right . Klesko walked , Loretta to second . White singled to left , Loretta scored , Klesko to second . Witasick pitching for Padres . Matthews Jr in right field . Merloni popped out to shallow left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Witasick pitching for Padres . Giles walked . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Giles out at second . Jones doubled to right center , Sheffield to third . Jones grounded out to pitcher . Hernandez pitching for Braves . Fick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Braves . Bennett popped out to shallow right . Matthews Jr homered to right center . Vazquez safe at first on error by shortstop Furcal . Vazquez stole second . Kotsay walked . Hansen hit for Witasick . Loretta singled to left , Vazquez scored , Kotsay to third , Loretta to second advancing on throw . Hansen singled to center , Kotsay scored , Loretta to third . Klesko fouled out to third . White singled to center , Loretta scored , Hansen to second . Merloni doubled to left , Hansen scored , White to third . Bennett singled to right , White scored , Merloni to third . Gryboski pitching for Braves . Matthews Jr walked , Bennett to second , Merloni scored on passed ball . Matthews Jr batting . Hansen at first base . Wright pitching for Padres . Derosa hit for Castilla . Vazquez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matthews Jr out at second . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 9th . Wright pitching for Padres . Derosa grounded out to shortstop . Blanco grounded out to third . Franco grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 14 - Braves 4 .	Padres rip Maddux , Braves for 24 hits in rout