Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Hampton pitching for Braves . Counsell walked . Cintron sacrificed to pitcher , Counsell to second . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Counsell to third . Hillenbrand flied out to shallow center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Derosa singled to left . Giles doubled to deep right , Derosa scored . Sheffield hit by pitch . Jones struck out swinging . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sheffield out at second , Giles to third . Fick singled to left , Giles scored , Jones to second . Lopez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Finley flied out to left . Mondesi grounded out to pitcher . Spivey singled to left . Barajas flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Castilla flied out to right . Hampton walked . Derosa grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hampton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Batista grounded out to first . Counsell grounded out to pitcher . Cintron lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles walked . Sheffield flied out to deep center . Jones singled to left , Giles to second . Jones struck out swinging . Giles to third , Jones to second on wild pitch by Batista . Fick doubled to right , Giles and Jones scored . Lopez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Gonzalez homered to right center . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Finley singled to right center . Mondesi singled to left , Finley to second . Spivey lined into double play , shortstop to second , Finley doubled off second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Castilla singled to left . Hampton sacrificed to pitcher , Castilla to second . Derosa grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Castilla safe at third on error by pitcher Batista . Giles grounded into double play , third to second to first , Derosa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Barajas grounded out to third . Batista struck out swinging . Counsell walked . Cintron grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Counsell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Sheffield homered to right . Jones grounded out to first . Jones grounded out to pitcher . Fick flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Finley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Lopez struck out swinging . Castilla struck out swinging . Hampton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Mondesi grounded out to third . Spivey flied out to right . Barajas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Derosa popped out to shortstop . Giles homered to left center . Sheffield safe at first on error by third baseman Counsell . Jones flied out to center . McCracken hit for Villarreal . Jones flied out to shallow left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Hampton pitching for Braves . McCracken struck out swinging . Counsell grounded out to second . Myers pitching for Diamondbacks . Cintron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Fick fouled out to third . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Lopez walked . Castilla flied out to deep left center . Franco hit for Hampton . King pitching for Braves . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . King pitching for Braves . Gonzalez flied out to center . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Finley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Braves 6 .	Braves ' win is eighth in row for Hampton