Rockies - Top 1st. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Fowler singled to center. Spilborghs flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Fowler scored on throwing error by second baseman Walker. Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to center, Gonzalez scored. Lopez grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Tabata singled to center. Walker singled to right, Tabata to third. Walker to second on wild pitch by Rogers. McCutchen grounded out to third, Tabata scored. Overbay grounded out to shortstop, Walker to third. Alvarez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Helton grounded out to shortstop. Wigginton doubled to deep right. Iannetta grounded out to pitcher, Wigginton to third. Rogers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Doumit struck out looking. Jones walked. Cedeno flied out to center. Maholm struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Fowler popped out to first. Spilborghs grounded out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Tabata struck out swinging. Walker struck out looking. McCutchen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Tulowitzki homered to left (390 feet). Lopez singled to right. Lopez picked off first. Helton grounded out to first. Wigginton grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Overbay flied out to center. Alvarez grounded out to second. Doumit flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Iannetta flied out to right. Rogers grounded out to third. Fowler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Cedeno struck out swinging. Maholm popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Spilborghs doubled to right center. Gonzalez singled to right, Spilborghs scored. Tulowitzki doubled to deep left center, Gonzalez scored, Tulowitzki out stretching at third. Lopez flied out to center. Helton singled to center. Resop pitching for Pirates. Wigginton flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Tabata lined out to right. Walker grounded out to first. McCutchen lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Resop pitching for Pirates. Iannetta struck out swinging. Rogers singled to right. Fowler singled to right, Rogers to second. Spilborghs singled to center, Rogers scored, Fowler to third. Olson pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center, Fowler scored. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Spilborghs out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Overbay grounded out to second. Alvarez struck out swinging. Doumit flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Olson pitching for Pirates. Lopez flied out to center. Helton walked. Wigginton safe at first on error by third baseman Alvarez, Helton to second. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wigginton out at second, Helton to third. Rogers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Jones struck out swinging. Cedeno singled to left. Pearce hit for Olson. Pearce reached on infield single to shortstop, Cedeno to second. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Tabata grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pearce out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Crotta pitching for Pirates. Fowler lined out to left. Spilborghs grounded out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Paulino pitching for Rockies. Walker walked. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Walker out at second. Overbay grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCutchen out at second. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 7 - Pirates 1.	Rockies starter Rogers keeps Pirates' bats quiet