Rockies - Top 1st. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Fowler flied out to left. Herrera walked. Giambi flied out to center. Herrera stole second. Tulowitzki walked. Smith singled to center, Herrera scored, Tulowitzki to second. Lopez homered to left (371 feet), Tulowitzki and Smith scored. Wigginton singled to center. Iannetta hit by pitch, Wigginton to second. Chacin struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Tabata grounded out to third. Walker lined out to first. McCutchen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Fowler lined out to left. Herrera flied out to right. Giambi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Overbay grounded out to pitcher. Alvarez reached on infield single to second. Doumit singled to right, Alvarez to second. Jones walked, Alvarez to third, Doumit to second. Cedeno hit sacrifice fly to center, Alvarez scored, Doumit to third. McDonald struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Tulowitzki doubled to deep center. Smith grounded out to first, Tulowitzki to third. Lopez struck out swinging. Wigginton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Tabata hit by pitch. Walker singled to center, Tabata to second. McCutchen singled to left, Tabata scored, Walker to second, Walker to third, McCutchen to second on error by left fielder Wigginton. Overbay doubled to deep center, Walker and McCutchen scored. Alvarez walked. Doumit grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Alvarez out at second, Overbay to third. Jones grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 4th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. Chacin grounded out to third. Fowler singled to right. Fowler caught stealing second, catcher to second. Herrera batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Cedeno struck out swinging. McDonald reached on infield single to shortstop. Tabata singled to left, McDonald to second. Walker grounded out to first, McDonald scored, Tabata to third. McCutchen popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 5th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Herrera walked. Giambi popped out to third. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Herrera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Overbay grounded out to second. Alvarez grounded out to second. Doumit grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Smith grounded out to first. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Wigginton lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Jones grounded out to second. Cedeno grounded out to second. McDonald struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. Stewart hit for Chacin. Stewart struck out looking. Fowler singled to left. Crotta pitching for Pirates. Fowler stole second. Herrera walked. Giambi singled to right, Fowler scored, Herrera to third. Tulowitzki walked, Giambi to second. Rogers ran for Giambi. Smith walked, Herrera scored, Rogers to third, Tulowitzki to second. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Lopez popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Paulino pitching for Rockies. Wigginton at first base. Spilborghs in left field. Tabata walked. Walker fouled out to third. McCutchen struck out looking, Tabata stole second. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Overbay struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Wigginton grounded out to second. Iannetta walked. Spilborghs grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Iannetta out at second. Spilborghs picked off first. Fowler batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Alvarez struck out swinging. Doumit popped out to shortstop. Diaz hit for Jones. Lindstrom pitching for Rockies. Diaz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Bowker in right field. Fowler struck out swinging. Herrera reached on bunt single to pitcher. Gonzalez hit for Lindstrom. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Herrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Street pitching for Rockies. Pearce hit for Cedeno. Pearce struck out looking. Bowker struck out swinging. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 6 - Pirates 5.	Rockies tip Pirates on Smith's game-winning BB