Pirates - Top 1st. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. McCutchen singled to right. Paul grounded out to second, McCutchen to second. Jones walked. Walker struck out swinging. McCutchen stole third, Jones to second on wild pitch by Jimenez. Overbay struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Fowler flied out to center. Amezaga grounded out to second. Helton singled to center. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Doumit walked. Alvarez singled to center, Doumit to third. Cedeno reached on bunt single to pitcher, Doumit scored, Alvarez to second. Morton bunt popped out foul to catcher. McCutchen struck out swinging. Paul tripled to deep right center, Alvarez and Cedeno scored. Jones doubled to deep center, Paul scored. Walker flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez walked. Smith grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. Lopez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Overbay struck out swinging. Doumit walked. Doumit to second on wild pitch by Jimenez. Alvarez grounded out to second, Doumit to third. Cedeno intentionally walked. Morton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Iannetta grounded out to third. Jimenez struck out swinging. Fowler singled to center. Amezaga walked, Fowler to second. Helton singled to left, Fowler scored, Amezaga to second. Tulowitzki flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Paul singled to right. Paul stole second. Paul to third on wild pitch by Jimenez. Jones struck out swinging. Walker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez doubled to deep right center. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gonzalez out at third, Smith to second. Lopez flied out to left. Iannetta walked. Spilborghs hit for Jimenez. Spilborghs singled to center, Smith scored, Iannetta to second. Fowler walked, Iannetta to third, Spilborghs to second. Amezaga lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Overbay singled to right. Doumit lined out to second. Alvarez singled to right, Overbay to second. Cedeno walked, Overbay to third, Alvarez to second. Morton hit sacrifice fly to right, Overbay scored, Alvarez to third. McCutchen singled to shallow left, Alvarez scored, Cedeno to second. Paul walked, Cedeno to third, McCutchen to second. Jones singled to center, Cedeno and McCutchen scored, Paul to third. Walker struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Helton grounded out to first. Tulowitzki singled to left. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tulowitzki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Morales pitching for Rockies. Overbay popped out to shortstop. Doumit popped out to shortstop. Alvarez walked. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to third, Alvarez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Smith singled to center. Lopez flied out to center. Iannetta walked, Smith to second. Herrera hit for Morales. Crotta pitching for Pirates. Herrera walked, Smith to third, Iannetta to second. Fowler doubled to right, Smith and Iannetta scored, Herrera to third. Beimel pitching for Pirates. Wood at shortstop. Amezaga struck out swinging. Helton flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Lindstrom pitching for Rockies. Wood flied out to right. McCutchen struck out swinging. Paul struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Pirates. Tulowitzki walked. Gonzalez flied out to center. Smith popped out to shortstop. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Jones struck out swinging. Walker flied out to center. Overbay singled to center. Doumit grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Overbay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Veras pitching for Pirates. Iannetta struck out swinging. Morales hit for Reynolds. Morales flied out to center. Fowler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Paulino pitching for Rockies. Alvarez struck out swinging. Diaz hit for Veras. Diaz grounded out to third. Wood singled to right center. McCutchen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Amezaga singled to center. Helton fouled out to third. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Amezaga out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 8 - Rockies 4.	Jimenez struggles again, Rockies fall to Pirates