Pirates - Top 1st. Gee pitching for Mets. Tabata flied out to right. Jones struck out swinging. McCutchen lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Harris popped out to shortstop. Turner grounded out to catcher. Beltran struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Gee pitching for Mets. Walker singled to center. Overbay grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Walker out at second. Snyder homered to left (385 feet), Overbay scored. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop. Wood struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Murphy singled to center. Pagan reached on infield single to shortstop, Murphy to second. Thole grounded out to second, Murphy to third, Pagan to second. Pridie struck out swinging, Pridie safe at first on passed ball by Snyder, Murphy scored, Pagan to third on passed ball. Tejada reached on infield single to third, Pagan scored, Pridie to second. Pridie to third, Tejada to second on passed ball by Snyder. Gee struck out swinging. Harris grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Gee pitching for Mets. Morton struck out swinging. Tabata struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Turner singled to right. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to third, Turner out at second. Murphy grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Beltran out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Gee pitching for Mets. McCutchen struck out swinging. Walker grounded out to pitcher. Overbay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Pagan singled to right. Thole grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Pagan out at second. Pridie singled to shallow left. Tejada singled to shallow right center, Pridie to third. Gee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Gee pitching for Mets. Snyder grounded out to shortstop. Cedeno singled to left. Wood flied out to right. Morton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Harris bunt grounded out to pitcher. Turner hit by pitch. Beltran singled to right, Turner to second. Murphy singled to left, Turner to third, Beltran to second. Pagan reached on infield single to shortstop, Turner scored, Beltran to third, Murphy to second. Thole fouled out to third. Pridie flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Gee pitching for Mets. Tabata grounded out to first. Jones lined out to center. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Tejada singled to shallow right. Gee sacrificed to first, Tejada to second. Harris struck out swinging. Tejada to third on wild pitch by Morton. Turner grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Gee pitching for Mets. Walker lined out to third. Overbay singled to right. Overbay to second on wild pitch by Gee. Snyder reached on infield single to shortstop, Overbay to third. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to third, Overbay scored, Snyder out at second. Cedeno caught stealing second, catcher to second. Wood batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Beltran walked. Murphy singled to shallow right, Beltran to second. Pagan flied out to center, Beltran to third. Thole doubled to right center, Beltran and Murphy scored. Moskos pitching for Pirates. Pridie flied out to left. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Isringhausen pitching for Mets. Wood struck out swinging. Paul hit for Moskos. Paul lined out to center. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Ascanio pitching for Pirates. Evans hit for Isringhausen. Evans walked. Harris fouled out to third. Turner doubled to deep center, Evans scored. Beltran reached on infield single to second, Turner to third. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Turner scored, Beltran out at second. Pagan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Murphy out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Mets. Jones struck out swinging. McCutchen walked. Walker flied out to center. McCutchen to second on fielder's indifference. Overbay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 3 - Mets 7.	Thole, Gee push short-handed Mets over Pirates