Orioles - Top 1st. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Hardy flied out to right. Markakis popped out to third. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Tabata singled to center. Harrison singled to right, Tabata to second. Jones doubled to deep center, Tabata and Harrison scored. McCutchen sacrificed to pitcher, Jones to third. Walker hit sacrifice fly to right, Jones scored. Paul struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Lee struck out swinging. Wieters lined out to first. Scott walked. Reynolds singled to center, Scott to second. Andino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Cedeno singled to left. McKenry lined out to third. McDonald sacrificed to first, Cedeno to second. Tabata doubled to center, Cedeno scored. Harrison flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Guthrie doubled to right. Hardy popped out to shortstop. Markakis grounded out to third. Jones walked. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Jones grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen walked. Walker singled to center, McCutchen to third. Paul hit sacrifice fly to right, McCutchen scored. Cedeno singled to right, Walker to third. McKenry grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Wieters walked. Scott grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wieters out at second. Reynolds singled to left, Scott to third. Andino struck out swinging. Guthrie grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. McDonald struck out looking. Tabata grounded out to second. Harrison grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Hardy homered to left (361 feet). Markakis singled to right. Jones homered to center (410 feet), Markakis scored. Lee flied out to right. Wieters singled to center. Scott grounded out to second, Wieters to second. Reynolds walked. Resop pitching for Pirates. Andino struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Jones flied out to center. McCutchen singled to center. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McCutchen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Resop pitching for Pirates. Guthrie struck out swinging. Hardy singled to left. Markakis flied out to right. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hardy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Paul flied out to left. Cedeno walked. McKenry singled to center, Cedeno to second. Overbay hit for Resop. Overbay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McKenry out at second, Cedeno to third. Tabata grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Overbay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Wieters flied out to left. Scott struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Harrison reached on infield single to second. Jones flied out to right. McCutchen walked, Harrison to second. Walker safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds, Harrison to third, McCutchen to second. Paul singled to left, Harrison scored, McCutchen to third, Walker to second. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Pie in left field. Cedeno grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Paul out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 8th. Wood at third base. Veras pitching for Pirates. Reynolds lined out to first. Andino grounded out to second. Pie flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. McKenry doubled to left. Diaz hit for Veras. Diaz singled to right, McKenry to third. Tabata grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, McKenry scored, Diaz out at second. Wood singled to left, Tabata to second. Jones flied out to right, Tabata to third. McCutchen walked, Wood to second. Walker doubled to left, Tabata and Wood scored, McCutchen to third. Rapada pitching for Orioles. Paul struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Wood pitching for Pirates. Hardy popped out to first. Markakis lined out to left. Jones walked. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 3 - Pirates 9.	Pirates pounce on O's, snap 4-game losing skid