Red Sox - Top 1st. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Ellsbury lined out to center. Pedroia singled to left. Pedroia stole second. Gonzalez reached on infield single to second, Pedroia to third. Youkilis lined out to third. Drew struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Tabata reached on bunt single to third. Jones ran for Tabata. D'Arnaud flied out to left. McCutchen struck out swinging. Walker lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Jones in right field. Diaz in left field. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Saltalamacchia walked. Reddick flied out to center. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Saltalamacchia out at second. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. McDonald in right field. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. Overbay grounded out to second. Cedeno singled to center. Fryer flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Ellsbury flied out to right. Pedroia lined out to third. Gonzalez singled to left center. Youkilis singled to center, Gonzalez to second. McDonald struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. McDonald struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. D'Arnaud safe at second on error by left fielder Reddick. McCutchen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 4th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Saltalamacchia doubled to center. Reddick flied out to center, Saltalamacchia scored on throwing error by center fielder McCutchen. Scutaro popped out to second. Miller struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Walker hit by pitch. Diaz safe at first on error by shortstop Scutaro, Walker to third. Overbay flied out to center. Cedeno hit sacrifice fly to center, Walker scored. Fryer grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 5th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Ellsbury popped out to shortstop. Pedroia popped out to first. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. McDonald walked. Jones singled to right, McDonald to second. D'Arnaud reached on bunt single to third, McDonald to third, Jones to second. McCutchen singled to left, McDonald scored, Jones tagged out at third, D'Arnaud to second. Walker struck out looking. Diaz flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Youkilis walked. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Youkilis safe at third on throwing error by pitcher McDonald. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Reddick hit sacrifice fly to left, Youkilis scored. McDonald caught stealing second, catcher to second. Scutaro batting. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Overbay flied out to center. Cedeno flied out to right. Fryer walked. Wood hit for McDonald. Wood flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Wood pitching for Pirates. Scutaro walked. Ortiz hit for Miller. Moskos pitching for Pirates. Ortiz walked, Scutaro to second. Ellsbury sacrificed to first, Scutaro to third, Ortiz to second, Ellsbury safe at first on error by pitcher Moskos. Resop pitching for Pirates. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop, Scutaro scored, Ortiz to third, Ellsbury to second. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Youkilis hit sacrifice fly to right, Ortiz scored, Ellsbury to third, Gonzalez to second. McDonald popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Jones grounded out to second. D'Arnaud flied out to center. McCutchen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop. Reddick popped out to shortstop. Scutaro flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Walker grounded out to shortstop. Diaz struck out swinging. Overbay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Cameron hit for Bard. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. Ellsbury reached on infield single to shortstop. Pedroia struck out swinging, Ellsbury stole second. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Youkilis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellsbury safe at third on error by third baseman D'Arnaud, Gonzalez to second. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Cedeno walked. Fryer struck out swinging. Paul hit for McCutchen. Paul flied out to right. Jones flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 4 - Pirates 2.	Red Sox end 4-game skid