Cardinals - Top 1st. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Schumaker walked. Furcal lined into double play, shortstop to first, Schumaker doubled off first. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Paul homered to center (404 feet). Harrison grounded out to third. McCutchen grounded out to second. Ludwick grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Holliday doubled to deep center. Berkman struck out looking. Freese struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Walker grounded out to first. Jones grounded out to second. Doumit singled to right. Cedeno doubled to deep right, Doumit thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Theriot singled to center. Westbrook sacrificed to pitcher, Theriot to second. Schumaker flied out to left. Furcal doubled to deep right center, Theriot scored. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. McDonald grounded out to third. Paul reached on infield single to shortstop. Harrison singled to center, Paul to second. McCutchen struck out swinging. Ludwick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Holliday doubled to left. Berkman hit by pitch. Freese grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Berkman out at second, Holliday to third. Molina flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Walker singled to left. Jones singled to right, Walker to third, Jones to second advancing on throw. Doumit homered to right (394 feet), Walker and Jones scored. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop. McDonald struck out looking. Paul grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Theriot popped out to shortstop. Westbrook grounded out to third. Schumaker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Harrison grounded out to pitcher. McCutchen lined out to second. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Furcal grounded out to second. Pujols singled to left. Holliday struck out swinging. Berkman walked, Pujols to second. Freese singled to center, Pujols scored, Berkman to second. Grilli pitching for Pirates. Molina popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Walker walked. Jones popped out to catcher. Doumit singled to right, Walker to third. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Walker scored, Doumit to second. Diaz hit for Grilli. Diaz grounded out to shortstop, Doumit to third, Cedeno to second. Rhodes pitching for Cardinals. Paul grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Theriot singled to left center. Patterson hit for Rhodes. Patterson grounded into double play, second to first, Theriot out at second. Schumaker singled to right. Furcal walked, Schumaker to second. Veras pitching for Pirates. Pujols struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Harrison struck out swinging. McCutchen struck out swinging. Ludwick walked. Walker doubled to deep right, Ludwick scored. Jones grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Wood at third base. Veras pitching for Pirates. Holliday flied out to left. Berkman popped out to shortstop. Freese struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Doumit singled to right center. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Doumit out at second. Alvarez hit for Veras. Alvarez struck out swinging. Paul flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Descalso hit for Molina. Descalso struck out swinging. Theriot reached on infield single to shortstop, Theriot to second on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno. Jay hit for Boggs. Jay lined out to third. Schumaker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 2 - Pirates 6.	Doumit's big night carries Pirates past Cards