Cardinals - Top 1st. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Furcal singled to right. Jay singled to left center, Furcal to second, Furcal to third on error by left fielder Presley. Jay caught stealing second, catcher to second. Pujols hit sacrifice fly to center, Furcal scored. Holliday grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Presley singled to center. Walker doubled to right, Presley to third. McCutchen hit sacrifice fly to right, Presley scored, Walker to third. Lee hit sacrifice fly to right, Walker scored. Doumit singled to center. Jones singled to left center, Doumit to second. Alvarez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Berkman grounded out to second. Freese grounded out to first. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno grounded out to third. Lincoln grounded out to third. Presley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Schumaker singled to left. Lohse singled to center, Schumaker to third. Furcal singled to right, Schumaker scored, Lohse to second. Jay grounded out to second, Lohse to third, Furcal to second. Pujols intentionally walked. Holliday grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pujols out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Walker singled to center. McCutchen grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Walker out at second. Lee grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Berkman walked. Freese grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Berkman out at second. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Doumit grounded out to second. Jones singled to right. Alvarez grounded out to pitcher, Jones to second. Cedeno intentionally walked. Lincoln struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Schumaker grounded out to first. Lohse struck out looking. Furcal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Presley singled to center. Walker doubled to deep right, Presley scored. McCutchen flied out to center. Lee grounded out to third. Doumit grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Jay singled to right. Pujols homered to center (420 feet), Jay scored. Holliday flied out to center. Berkman singled to right. Leroux pitching for Pirates. Berkman caught stealing second, catcher to second to first to shortstop. Freese grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Jones lined out to second. Alvarez grounded out to second. Cedeno struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Leroux pitching for Pirates. Molina walked. Schumaker reached on infield single to shortstop, Molina to second. Punto hit for Lohse. Punto flied out to left. Furcal grounded out to second, Molina to third, Schumaker to second. Watson pitching for Pirates. Ciriaco at shortstop. Craig hit for Jay. Craig flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at third base. Schumaker in center field. Punto at second base. Ciriaco struck out swinging. Presley grounded out to pitcher. Walker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Grilli pitching for Pirates. Pujols popped out to first. Holliday struck out swinging. Berkman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Robinson in center field. Dotel pitching for Cardinals. Schumaker in right field. McCutchen struck out swinging. Lee walked. D'Arnaud ran for Lee. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Doumit doubled to right, D'Arnaud scored. Ludwick hit for Jones. Paul ran for Doumit. Ludwick intentionally walked. Harrison hit for Alvarez. Harrison struck out swinging. Jaramillo hit for Grilli. Jaramillo walked, Paul to third, Ludwick to second. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Ciriaco doubled to right, Paul and Ludwick scored, Jaramillo to third. Presley popped out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. D'Arnaud at shortstop. Paul in right field. Wood at first base. Harrison at third base. Jaramillo catching. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Descalso singled to right. Molina grounded out to shortstop, Descalso to second. Schumaker singled to center, Descalso to third. Chambers ran for Schumaker. Descalso scored, Chambers to second on wild pitch by Hanrahan. Punto walked. Furcal grounded out to first, Chambers to third, Punto to second. Patterson hit for Robinson. Patterson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Pirates 6.	Cards' playoff hopes take hit \n\n