Marlins - Top 1st . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Dietrich singled to right . Rojas walked , Dietrich to second . Castro singled to left , Dietrich scored , Rojas to second . Bour singled to left , Rojas to third , Castro to second . Realmuto safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Gregorius , Rojas and Castro scored , Bour to second . Anderson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Realmuto out at second , Bour to third . Telis grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Marlins . Gardner walked . Judge walked , Gardner to second . Stanton grounded into double play , second to first , Judge out at second , Gardner to third . Gregorius walked . Sánchez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Maybin safe at second on error by first baseman Austin . Shuck grounded out to first , Maybin to third . Dietrich singled to center , Maybin scored . Rojas grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dietrich out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Marlins . Hicks flied out to center . Walker popped out to second . Austin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Castro struck out swinging . Bour grounded out to first . Realmuto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Marlins . Andújar grounded out to third . Gardner walked . Judge walked , Gardner to second . Stanton popped out to second . Gregorius grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gardner out at third , Judge to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Anderson struck out swinging . Telis doubled to shallow left . Telis to third on passed ball by Sánchez . Maybin struck out looking . Shuck grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for Marlins . Sánchez flied out to center . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Dietrich grounded out to shortstop . Rojas grounded out to third . Castro reached on infield single to third . Bour walked , Castro to second . Realmuto homered to right ( 378 feet ) , Castro and Bour scored . Anderson hit by pitch . Telis struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for Marlins . Austin grounded out to shortstop . Andújar doubled to deep left center . Andújar to third on passed ball by Realmuto . Gardner struck out looking . Judge lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Maybin grounded out to catcher . Shuck struck out swinging . Dietrich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Guerrero pitching for Marlins . Stanton struck out swinging . Gregorius walked . Sánchez singled to center , Gregorius to second . Hicks walked , Gregorius to third , Sánchez to second . Walker struck out swinging . Austin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Rojas singled to shallow right . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rojas out at second . Bour grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Steckenrider pitching for Marlins . Andújar grounded out to second . Gardner grounded out to shortstop . Judge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Realmuto singled to left . Realmuto to second on wild pitch by Cessa . Anderson walked . Telis singled to deep right , Realmuto scored , Anderson to third . Green pitching for Yankees . Maybin hit sacrifice fly to right , Anderson scored . Shuck struck out swinging . Dietrich lined out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Brinson in center field . Rojas at first base . Rivera at shortstop . Maybin in left field . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Stanton struck out swinging . Gregorius doubled to deep right . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop , Gregorius to third . Hicks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Rojas struck out looking . Castro struck out looking . Bour struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Ziegler pitching for Marlins . Walker grounded out to first . Austin struck out looking . Andújar homered to left ( 395 feet ) . Gardner struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 9 - Yankees 1 .	Realmuto shines in return , Marlins rout listless Yankees 9 - 1