Giants - Top 1st . Chen pitching for Marlins . Hernández singled to right . Posey singled to center , Hernández to second . McCutchen popped out to shortstop . Longoria lined out to left . Crawford flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Castro struck out swinging . Anderson safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria . Realmuto lined out to right . Maybin fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 2nd . Chen pitching for Marlins . Hundley struck out swinging . Williamson lined out to left . Hanson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Bour grounded out to first . Brinson popped out to second . Rojas lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Chen pitching for Marlins . Bumgarner struck out swinging . Hernández walked . Posey flied out to left , Hernández to second . McCutchen reached on infield single to third , Hernández to third . Longoria singled to center , Hernández scored , McCutchen to second . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Longoria out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Rivera struck out looking . Chen struck out swinging . Castro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Chen pitching for Marlins . Hundley struck out swinging . Williamson struck out swinging . Hanson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Anderson homered to right center ( 412 feet ) . Realmuto doubled to deep left . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . Bour grounded out to first , Realmuto to third . Brinson tripled to deep center , Realmuto scored . Rojas flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Chen pitching for Marlins . Bumgarner flied out to center . Hernández walked . Posey reached on infield single to shortstop , Hernández to second . McCutchen doubled to left , Hernández scored , Posey to third . Longoria intentionally walked . Posey scored , McCutchen to third , Longoria to second on balk by Chen . Crawford intentionally walked . Ziegler pitching for Marlins . Hundley walked , McCutchen scored , Longoria to third , Crawford to second . Williamson struck out swinging . Hanson flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Shuck hit for Ziegler . Shuck popped out to second . Castro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Rucinski pitching for Marlins . Bumgarner grounded out to third . Hernández struck out swinging . Posey grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Anderson doubled to deep left center . Realmuto reached on infield single to first , Anderson to third . Maybin hit sacrifice fly to right , Anderson scored . Bour walked , Realmuto to second . Brinson singled to left , Realmuto scored , Bour to second . Moronta pitching for Giants . Rojas lined into double play , second to first , Brinson doubled off first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Rucinski pitching for Marlins . McCutchen hit by pitch . Longoria singled to right , McCutchen to third . Conley pitching for Marlins . Crawford hit sacrifice fly to left , McCutchen scored . Hundley struck out swinging . Williamson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Moronta pitching for Giants . Rivera walked . Riddle hit for Conley . Riddle struck out swinging , Rivera stole second . Dyson pitching for Giants . Castro grounded out to third . Anderson doubled to right , Rivera scored . Realmuto homered to center ( 412 feet ) , Anderson scored . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Rojas at first base . Riddle at shortstop . Steckenrider pitching for Marlins . Hanson popped out to shortstop . Sandoval hit for Dyson . Sandoval struck out looking . Hernández singled to center . Posey flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Dietrich hit for Steckenrider . Dietrich flied out to left . Brinson fouled out to catcher . Rojas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . Longoria grounded out to first . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 5 - Marlins 7 .	Bumgarner shaky , ejected in Giants ' 7 - 5 loss to Marlins