Marlins - Top 1st . Hellickson pitching for Nationals . Dietrich singled to right . Anderson grounded out to shortstop , Dietrich to second . Realmuto flied out to center , Dietrich to third . Bour walked . Prado safe at first on error by third baseman Rendon , Dietrich scored , Bour to second . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Prado out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Turner grounded out to third . Soto grounded out to first . Rendon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Hellickson pitching for Nationals . Rojas grounded out to shortstop . Rivera reached on infield single to second . López bunt popped out foul to third . Dietrich singled to left , Rivera to second . Anderson hit by pitch , Rivera to third , Dietrich to second . Realmuto singled to center , Rivera and Dietrich scored , Anderson to second . Bour singled to right , Anderson scored , Realmuto to third . Prado homered to left ( 374 feet ) , Realmuto and Bour scored . Maybin struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Harper flied out to left . Adams singled to left . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Adams out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Hellickson pitching for Nationals . Rojas singled to center . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rojas out at second . López struck out swinging . Dietrich grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Taylor grounded out to second . Severino lined out to left . Hellickson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Hellickson pitching for Nationals . Anderson grounded out to third . Realmuto singled to center . Bour homered to center ( 403 feet ) , Realmuto scored . Prado flied out to left . Maybin lined out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Turner homered to center ( 394 feet ) . Soto lined out to center . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . Harper grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Rodríguez pitching for Nationals . Rojas grounded out to second . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . López struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Adams singled to shallow center . Murphy walked , Adams to second . Taylor singled to center , Adams to third , Murphy to second . Severino struck out swinging . Eaton hit for Rodríguez . Eaton walked , Adams scored , Murphy to third , Taylor to second . Turner grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Murphy scored , Eaton out at second , Taylor to third . Soto doubled to deep center , Taylor and Turner scored . Rendon struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Kelley pitching for Nationals . Dietrich struck out swinging . Anderson doubled to right center . Realmuto hit by pitch . Bour struck out swinging . Prado popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Harper walked . Adams doubled to right , Harper to third . Murphy hit sacrifice fly to left , Harper scored , Adams to third . Taylor walked . Reynolds hit for Severino . Reynolds walked , Taylor to second . Difo hit for Kelley . Difo struck out swinging . Turner homered to left ( 388 feet ) , Adams , Taylor and Reynolds scored . Soto walked . Rucinski pitching for Marlins . Rendon lined out to center . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Kieboom catching . Kintzler pitching for Nationals . Maybin struck out swinging . Rojas grounded out to shortstop . Rivera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Rojas at shortstop . Castro at second base . Peters pitching for Marlins . Harper struck out swinging . Adams singled to right . Murphy lined out to right . Taylor singled to left , Adams to second . Kieboom singled to right center , Adams scored , Taylor to second . Goodwin hit for Kintzler . Goodwin walked , Taylor to third , Kieboom to second . Turner singled to left , Taylor and Kieboom scored , Goodwin to second . Soto singled to left center , Goodwin scored , Turner to second . Rendon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Soto out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Nationals . Castro doubled to deep right . Dietrich walked . Herrera pitching for Nationals . Anderson homered to center ( 410 feet ) , Castro and Dietrich scored . Realmuto grounded out to third . Bour struck out swinging . Prado struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Peters pitching for Marlins . Harper walked . Adams grounded into double play , shortstop to first to third to shortstop , Harper out at second . Murphy lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Doolittle pitching for Nationals . Maybin reached on infield single to shortstop . Rojas struck out swinging . Holaday hit for Peters . Holaday flied out to center . Castro singled to center , Maybin to second . Dietrich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 12 - Nationals 14 .	Down 9 , Nats rally for 14 - 12 win over Marlins