Indians - Top 1st . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Hernández popped out to third . Ramírez walked . Lindor reached on infield single to first , Ramírez to third . Ramírez scored on throwing error by catcher Molina , Lindor stole third . Santana walked . Reyes homered to right center ( 428 feet ) , Lindor scored and Santana scored . Naquin grounded out to first . Luplow walked . Pérez walked , Luplow to second . Woodford pitching for Cardinals . DeShields struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . McKenzie pitching for Indians . Wong lined out to center . DeJong singled to center . Goldschmidt lined out to center . Miller singled to center , DeJong to second . Carpenter flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Woodford pitching for Cardinals . Hernández reached on infield single to third . Ramírez singled to right , Hernández to third . Lindor grounded into double play , first to catcher to center , Ramírez out at second , Hernández out at home . Lindor to second on wild pitch by Woodford . Santana homered to right ( 389 feet ) , Lindor scored . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . McKenzie pitching for Indians . Molina flied out to center . O'Neill walked . Fowler homered to right ( 380 feet ) , O'Neill scored . Carlson struck out swinging . Wong grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Woodford pitching for Cardinals . Naquin struck out swinging . Luplow grounded out to pitcher . Pérez singled to center . DeShields reached on infield single to catcher , Pérez to second . Hernández flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . McKenzie pitching for Indians . DeJong popped out to shortstop . Goldschmidt walked . Miller popped out to shortstop . Carpenter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Woodford pitching for Cardinals . Ramírez struck out swinging . Lindor flied out to left . Santana grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . McKenzie pitching for Indians . Molina walked . O'Neill struck out swinging . Fowler grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Molina out at second . Carlson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Fernandez pitching for Cardinals . Reyes doubled to left . Naquin homered to right ( 365 feet ) , Reyes scored . Luplow fouled out to catcher . Pérez singled to deep center , Pérez out stretching at second . DeShields singled to right . Hernández struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Hill pitching for Indians . Wong grounded out to first . DeJong singled to left . Goldschmidt continues to at bat after dropped foul ball by first baseman Santana . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , DeJong out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Knizner catching . Carpenter at first base . Schrock at third base . Fernandez pitching for Cardinals . Ramírez walked . Lindor doubled to deep right , Ramírez to third . Santana walked . Reyes singled to center , Lindor scored and Ramírez scored , Santana to second . Bader in center field . Carlson in right field . Sánchez pitching for Cardinals . Naquin struck out swinging . Luplow fouled out to first . Pérez singled to center , Santana scored , Reyes to second . DeShields doubled to left , Reyes scored , Pérez to third . Hernández lined out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Freeman at second base . Chang at shortstop . Plutko pitching for Indians . Miller walked . Carpenter lined out to second . Schrock popped out to shortstop . O'Neill popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Sanchez pitching for Cardinals . Ramírez doubled to left . Ramírez to third on balk . Chang grounded out to third , Ramírez scored . Santana walked . León hit for Reyes . León singled to center , Santana to second . Naquin hit by pitch , León to second , Santana to third . Luplow hit sacrifice fly to center , Santana scored . Pérez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . León as designated hitter . Plutko pitching for Indians . Bader grounded out to shortstop . Carlson struck out swinging . Wong flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . DeShields lined out to center . Freeman singled to shallow left . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Freeman out at second . Chang singled to left , Ramírez to second . Santana singled to shallow right center , Chang to second , Ramírez to third . León grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Plutko pitching for Indians . DeJong singled to center . Knizner grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , DeJong out at second . Miller doubled to deep right . Carpenter walked . Schrock flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Miller at third base . Max Schrock pitching for Cardinals . Naquin flied out to center . Luplow fouled out to catcher . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Plutko pitching for Indians . O'Neill struck out swinging . Bader walked . Carlson popped out to third . Wong flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 14 - Cardinals 2 .	Reyes HR , 5 RBIs , Indians get 20 hits , rout Cardinals 14 - 2