Astros - Top 1st. Urena pitching for Tigers. Straw flied out to center. Brantley grounded out to second. Gurriel flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Astros. Baddoo singled to right center. Schoop flied out to right. Baddoo caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Grossman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Urena pitching for Tigers. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop. Correa walked. Tucker fouled out to third. Toro walked, Correa to second. García safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Castro, Toro to second, Correa to third. Maldonado singled to left, Correa scored and Toro scored, García to second. Straw grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Maldonado out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Astros. Candelario grounded out to first. Mazara struck out looking. Cameron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Urena pitching for Tigers. Brantley singled to left. Gurriel singled to center, Brantley to third. Alvarez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Brantley scored, Gurriel out at second. Correa singled to left, Alvarez to second. Tucker reached on infield single to second, Correa to second, Alvarez to third. Toro hit by pitch, Alvarez scored, Tucker to second, Correa to third. García lined out to first. Maldonado struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Garcia pitching for Astros. Castro walked. Castro to second on wild pitch by Garcia. Haase struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to first, Castro to third. Baddoo doubled to deep right, Castro scored. Schoop fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Urena pitching for Tigers. Straw singled to left. Brantley flied out to right. Straw stole second. Gurriel doubled to left, Straw scored. Alvarez grounded out to second, Gurriel to third. Correa singled to left, Gurriel scored. Alexander pitching for Tigers. Tucker singled to left, Correa to second. Toro safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Castro, Tucker to second, Correa to third. García grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tucker out at third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Garcia pitching for Astros. Grossman flied out to left. Candelario singled to left. Mazara singled to shallow left, Candelario to second. Cameron walked, Mazara to second, Candelario to third. Castro grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Alexander pitching for Tigers. Maldonado singled to center. Straw singled to right, Maldonado to second. Brantley struck out looking. Gurriel reached on infield single to third, Straw to second, Maldonado to third. Alvarez struck out looking. Correa singled to right, Maldonado scored and Straw scored, Gurriel to third. Tucker grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Garcia pitching for Astros. Haase struck out swinging. Castro lined out to center. Baddoo doubled to deep right center. Schoop flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Toro struck out swinging. García hit by pitch. Maldonado walked, García to second. Straw singled to center, Maldonado to second, García to third. Brantley grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Straw out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Garcia pitching for Astros. Grossman doubled to deep right. Candelario flied out to left. Mazara flied out to left. Cameron doubled to left, Grossman scored. Cameron to third on wild pitch by Garcia. Castro struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Jiménez pitching for Tigers. Gurriel flied out to center. Alvarez singled to right. Correa grounded into double play, third to second to first, Alvarez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Taylor pitching for Astros. Haase singled to center. Castro flied out to center. Baddoo lined out to left. Schoop grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Garcia pitching for Tigers. Tucker struck out swinging. Toro struck out looking. García grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Stanek pitching for Astros. Grossman flied out to left. Candelario struck out swinging. Mazara flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Garcia pitching for Tigers. Maldonado struck out swinging. Straw reached on infield single to third. Brantley doubled to right, Straw to third. McCormick ran for Brantley. Gurriel walked. Alvarez homered to left center (417 feet), Straw scored, McCormick scored and Gurriel scored. Paredes at shortstop. Harold Castro pitching for Tigers. Correa walked. Tucker fouled out to catcher. Toro walked, Correa to second. García grounded into fielder's choice to first, Toro out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. McCormick in left field. Jones at first base. Garza Jr. pitching for Astros. Cameron singled to right. Castro struck out swinging. Haase singled to right center, Cameron to third. Castro singled to center, Cameron scored, Haase to second. Baddoo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castro out at second, Haase to third. Schoop struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 12 - Tigers 3.	Correa leads Astros to 11th straight win, 12-3 over Tigers