Royals - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Astros. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. Lopez singled to center. Perez singled to left, Lopez to second. Benintendi grounded into fielder's choice to second, Perez out at second, Lopez to third. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Lynch pitching for Royals. Altuve flied out to second. Brantley grounded out to second. Gurriel singled to right. Alvarez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Astros. Dozier grounded out to first. O'Hearn doubled to left. Taylor struck out looking. Rivera hit ground rule double to right, O'Hearn scored. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Lynch pitching for Royals. Correa struck out looking. Díaz struck out swinging. Meyers lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Astros. Lopez grounded out to third. Perez homered to left (369 feet). Benintendi flied out to left. Santana grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Lynch pitching for Royals. Jones singled to left. Maldonado walked, Jones to second. Altuve struck out swinging. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Maldonado out at second, Jones to third. Gurriel doubled to left, Jones scored, Brantley to third. Alvarez lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Astros. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. O'Hearn flied out to right. Taylor flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Lynch pitching for Royals. Correa singled to center. Díaz flied into double play, center to second, Correa thrown out at second. Meyers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Astros. Rivera grounded out to first. Merrifield singled to center. Lopez grounded out to third, Merrifield to second. Perez walked. Benintendi grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Lynch pitching for Royals. Jones struck out swinging. Maldonado walked. Altuve doubled to left, Maldonado to third. Brantley grounded out to second. Gurriel walked. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Astros. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Dozier flied out to center. O'Hearn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Lynch pitching for Royals. Correa safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rivera. Díaz singled to center, Correa to second. Tapia pitching for Royals. Meyers struck out swinging. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Díaz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 7th. García pitching for Astros. Taylor walked. Rivera singled to center, Taylor to second. Merrifield doubled to left, Taylor scored, Rivera to third. Lopez struck out swinging. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rivera scored on throwing error by pitcher García, Perez out at second, Merrifield safe at third on error. Taylor pitching for Astros. Benintendi lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 7th. Tapia pitching for Royals. Maldonado flied out to right. Altuve walked. Lovelady pitching for Royals. Brantley fouled out to catcher. Gurriel singled to center, Altuve to second. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Taylor pitching for Astros. Santana singled to center. Santana to second on wild pitch by Taylor. Dozier fouled out to first. Alberto hit for O'Hearn. Maton pitching for Astros. Alberto singled to left center, Alberto to second, Santana thrown out at home. Taylor walked. Rivera singled to center, Alberto scored, Taylor to second. Merrifield tripled to deep center, Taylor scored and Rivera scored. Lopez grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Alberto as designated hitter. Zimmer pitching for Royals. Correa grounded out to second. Díaz walked. Meyers grounded into fielder's choice to third, Díaz out at second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Meyers out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Raley pitching for Astros. Perez walked. Benintendi singled to center, Perez to second. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to third, Benintendi out at second, Perez to third. Dyson ran for Santana. Dozier struck out looking. Alberto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Dyson in right field. Dozier at first base. Santana pitching for Royals. Maldonado struck out swinging. Altuve grounded out to third. Brantley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 7 - Astros 1.	Merrifield has 3 RBIs, Perez homers as KC downs Astros 7-1