Astros - Top 1st. Cease pitching for White Sox. Altuve flied out to right. Brantley grounded out to second. Bregman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Astros. Anderson singled to right. Robert lined out to center. Abreu flied out to center. Grandal walked, Anderson to second. Jiménez singled to center, Anderson scored, Grandal to second. Moncada lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Cease pitching for White Sox. Alvarez walked. Correa walked, Alvarez to second. Tucker doubled to deep right center, Correa scored and Alvarez scored. Gurriel flied out to right, Tucker to third. Meyers singled to left, Tucker scored. Meyers stole second. Maldonado struck out looking. Altuve walked. Kopech pitching for White Sox. Brantley flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Astros. Sheets struck out swinging. García struck out swinging. Hernandez walked. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Kopech pitching for White Sox. Bregman reached on infield single to pitcher. Alvarez struck out looking. Correa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bregman out at second. Tucker homered to left (363 feet), Correa scored. Gurriel struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Garcia pitching for Astros. Robert walked. Abreu struck out swinging. Grandal homered to left (359 feet), Robert scored. Jiménez grounded out to shortstop. Moncada singled to right. Sheets singled to right center, Moncada to second. García pitching for Astros. García homered to center (436 feet), Moncada scored and Sheets scored. Hernandez struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Kopech pitching for White Sox. Meyers struck out swinging. Maldonado struck out looking. Altuve walked. Brantley singled to left center, Altuve to second. Bregman singled to center, Altuve scored, Brantley to second. Alvarez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Garcia pitching for Astros. Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop. Robert singled to right, Anderson to third. Abreu singled to shallow center, Anderson scored, Robert to third. Greinke pitching for Astros. Grandal grounded into fielder's choice to first, Robert scored on error, Abreu to second, Abreu safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Gurriel. Jiménez reached on infield single to third, Abreu scored, Grandal to second. Moncada struck out swinging. Sheets singled to right, Jiménez to second, Grandal to third. García grounded into fielder's choice to first, Sheets to second, Jiménez to third, Grandal out at home. Hernandez grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 5th. Tepera pitching for White Sox. Correa lined out to right. Tucker grounded out to first. Gurriel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Javier pitching for Astros. Anderson struck out swinging. Robert struck out swinging. Abreu hit by pitch. Grandal walked, Abreu to second. Jiménez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Tepera pitching for White Sox. Meyers flied out to left. Maldonado struck out swinging. Altuve struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Javier pitching for Astros. Moncada flied out to left. Sheets struck out swinging. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Bummer pitching for White Sox. Brantley struck out swinging. Bregman struck out swinging. Alvarez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Javier pitching for Astros. Hernandez walked. Anderson struck out swinging. Robert flied out to right. Stanek pitching for Astros. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hernandez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Bummer pitching for White Sox. Correa struck out swinging. Tucker grounded out to second. Kimbrel pitching for White Sox. Gurriel grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Stanek pitching for Astros. Grandal struck out swinging. Jiménez struck out looking. Raley pitching for Astros. Moncada singled to center. Vaughn hit for Sheets. Vaughn doubled to left, Moncada scored. García doubled to left, Vaughn scored. Hernandez reached on infield single to shortstop, García to third. Anderson singled to shallow center, García scored, Hernandez to second. Robert flied out to right. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Engel in right field. Vaughn as designated hitter. García in left field. Díaz hit for Meyers. Hendriks pitching for White Sox. Díaz lined out to center. Castro hit for Maldonado. Castro struck out swinging. Altuve struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 6 - White Sox 12.	Game 4 of Astros-White Sox ALDS ppd because of forecast