Royals - Top 1st. Laffey pitching for Indians. Crisp doubled to deep left. Crisp stole third. Aviles struck out swinging. DeJesus struck out swinging. Butler walked. Teahen singled to left center, Crisp scored, Butler to second. Jacobs flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Ponson pitching for Royals. Sizemore walked. DeRosa struck out looking. Martinez singled to right, Sizemore to second. Hafner walked, Sizemore to third, Martinez to second. Sizemore scored, Martinez to third, Hafner to second on passed ball by Olivo. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martinez out at home, Hafner to third. Choo walked. Garko flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Laffey pitching for Indians. Callaspo grounded out to third. Olivo grounded out to pitcher. Bloomquist singled to left. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bloomquist out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Ponson pitching for Royals. Francisco popped out to shortstop. Cabrera struck out swinging. Sizemore grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Laffey pitching for Indians. Aviles safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Peralta. DeJesus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Aviles out at second. Butler fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Ponson pitching for Royals. DeRosa singled to right. Martinez singled to right, DeRosa to second. Hafner singled to left center, DeRosa to third, Martinez to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, DeRosa scored, Hafner out at second, Martinez to third. Choo lined into double play, to first, Peralta doubled off first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Laffey pitching for Indians. Teahen hit by pitch. Jacobs singled to center, Teahen to second. Callaspo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jacobs out at second, Teahen to third. Olivo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Ponson pitching for Royals. Garko flied out to left. Francisco singled to left. Cabrera singled to left, Francisco to second. Sizemore homered to right, Francisco and Cabrera scored. DeRosa walked. Martinez singled to right, DeRosa to second. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Hafner hit by pitch, DeRosa to third, Martinez to second. DeRosa scored, Martinez to third, Hafner to second on wild pitch by Tejeda. Peralta struck out swinging. Choo struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Laffey pitching for Indians. Bloomquist walked. Crisp grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bloomquist out at second. Aviles struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Garko walked. Garko to second on balk by Tejeda. Francisco struck out looking. Cabrera walked. Ramirez pitching for Royals. Sizemore flied out to center, Garko to third. DeRosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Laffey pitching for Indians. DeJesus grounded out to second. Butler singled to left. Teahen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Butler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Ramirez pitching for Royals. Martinez flied out to right. Hafner struck out looking. Peralta walked. Choo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Laffey pitching for Indians. Jacobs singled to right. Callaspo doubled to left, Jacobs to third. Olivo popped out to second. Bloomquist walked. Crisp grounded into double play, third to first, Callaspo out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Farnsworth pitching for Royals. Garko flied out to center. Francisco walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Francisco out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Indians. Pena hit for Aviles. Pena doubled to deep left. DeJesus singled to left, Pena scored. Butler walked, DeJesus to second. Kobayashi pitching for Indians. Teahen singled to center, DeJesus scored, Butler to second. Jacobs singled to deep right, Butler scored, Teahen to third. Lewis pitching for Indians. Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to left, Teahen scored. Olivo grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Jacobs out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Pena at shortstop. Cruz pitching for Royals. Sizemore grounded out to second. DeRosa walked. Martinez homered to right, DeRosa scored. Hafner lined out to shortstop. Peralta popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Wood pitching for Indians. Bloomquist flied out to right. Crisp reached on infield single to third. Maier hit for Pena. Maier struck out looking. DeJesus homered to right, Crisp scored. Butler struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 7 - Indians 8.	Tribe turns DPs in 6 straight innings vs. KC