Blue Jays - Top 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Scutaro homered to center. Hill flied out to center. Rios singled to center. Wells grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rios out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Burres pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp tripled to deep right. Bloomquist grounded out to second, Crisp scored. Teahen grounded out to pitcher. Guillen grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Lind singled to center. Millar singled to center, Lind to second. Bautista grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Millar out at second, Lind to third. Chavez singled to center, Lind scored. Snider flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Burres pitching for Blue Jays. Butler walked. Jacobs struck out swinging. Callaspo doubled to center, Butler to third. Buck tripled to deep left center, Butler and Callaspo scored. Aviles struck out swinging. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Davies pitching for Royals. Scutaro singled to center. Hill grounded into double play, third to second to first, Scutaro out at second. Rios popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Burres pitching for Blue Jays. Bloomquist singled to left. Teahen safe at first on error by first baseman Millar, Bloomquist to second. Guillen singled to left, Bloomquist scored, Teahen to third. Bullington pitching for Blue Jays. Butler doubled to right center, Teahen scored, Guillen to third. Jacobs fouled out to third. Callaspo intentionally walked. Buck hit sacrifice fly to center, Guillen scored. Aviles flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Davies pitching for Royals. Wells walked. Lind grounded out to first. Millar grounded into double play, second to first, Wells out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Bullington pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp walked. Bloomquist sacrificed to catcher, Crisp to second. Teahen flied out to left. Guillen lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Davies pitching for Royals. Bautista flied out to left. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Snider grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Bullington pitching for Blue Jays. Butler singled to right. Jacobs popped out to second. Callaspo walked, Butler to second. Buck tripled to deep right center, Butler and Callaspo scored. Aviles flied out to right. Crisp flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Davies pitching for Royals. Scutaro grounded out to second. Hill walked. Rios doubled to deep left, Hill to third. Wells grounded out to first, Hill scored, Rios to third. Lind walked. Mahay pitching for Royals. Millar flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Bloomquist grounded out to second. Teahen struck out swinging. Guillen popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Mahay pitching for Royals. Bautista walked. Chavez singled to center, Bautista to third. Snider singled to center, Bautista scored, Chavez to second. Wright pitching for Royals. Scutaro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Snider out at second, Chavez to third. Hill walked. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hill out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Butler lined out to second. Jacobs struck out swinging. Callaspo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Maier in right field. Wright pitching for Royals. Wells singled to center. Lind homered to right center, Wells scored. Millar walked. Bautista struck out looking. Chavez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Millar out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Buck doubled to deep left. Aviles sacrificed to pitcher, Buck to third. Crisp flied out to right. Bloomquist intentionally walked. Bloomquist to second on fielder's indifference. Teahen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Cruz pitching for Royals. Snider popped out to second. Scutaro fouled out to first. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Royals 8.	Royals turn 6 double plays in defeat of Jays