Mariners - Top 1st. Ponson pitching for Royals. Suzuki popped out to second. Chavez grounded out to second. Lopez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Silva pitching for Mariners. DeJesus doubled to left. Bloomquist singled to center, DeJesus to third. Teahen grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, DeJesus scored, Bloomquist out at second. Guillen hit by pitch. Butler doubled to deep right, Guillen to third. Jacobs singled to center, Guillen and Butler scored. Callaspo grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Ponson pitching for Royals. Branyan flied out to left. Beltre flied out to right. Griffey Jr doubled to deep right. Johjima grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Olivo grounded out to shortstop. Maier grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus walked. Bloomquist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Ponson pitching for Royals. Gutierrez flied out to right. Betancourt grounded out to third. Suzuki singled to center. Chavez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Teahen homered to right. Guillen singled to left. Butler singled to left, Guillen to second. Jacobs singled to left center, Guillen to third, Butler to second. Callaspo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guillen scored, Jacobs out at second, Butler to third. Butler scored on Silva's balk. Olivo flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Ponson pitching for Royals. Lopez grounded out to third. Branyan flied out to left. Beltre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Olson pitching for Mariners. Maier singled to center. DeJesus singled to right center, Maier to second. Bloomquist singled to right, Maier out at home, Bloomquist to second, DeJesus to second, DeJesus to third advancing on throw. Teahen singled to center, DeJesus and Bloomquist scored. Guillen flied out to center. Butler singled to left, Teahen to second. Jacobs walked, Teahen to third, Butler to second. Callaspo flied out to right. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Ponson pitching for Royals. Griffey Jr walked. Johjima flied out to right. Gutierrez reached on infield single to catcher, Griffey Jr to second. Betancourt singled to left, Griffey Jr to third, Gutierrez to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Griffey Jr out at home, Gutierrez to third, Betancourt to second. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Olson pitching for Mariners. Olivo struck out swinging. Maier walked. DeJesus flied out to right. Bloomquist grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Ponson pitching for Royals. Lopez singled to left center. Branyan doubled to right center, Lopez to third. Beltre hit sacrifice fly to center, Lopez scored, Branyan to third. Griffey Jr flied out to center, Branyan thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Olson pitching for Mariners. Teahen reached on infield single to shortstop. Guillen struck out swinging. Butler walked, Teahen to second. Jacobs grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Butler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Ponson pitching for Royals. Johjima grounded out to pitcher. Gutierrez grounded out to third. Betancourt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Olson pitching for Mariners. Callaspo lined out to center. Olivo singled to center. Maier singled to right, Olivo to second. DeJesus flied out to left, Olivo to third. Bloomquist grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Bloomquist in right field. Hernandez at shortstop. Ponson pitching for Royals. Suzuki singled to center. Chavez flied out to center. Lopez doubled to deep left, Suzuki to third. Ramirez pitching for Royals. Branyan struck out swinging. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Olson pitching for Mariners. Teahen safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez. Hernandez flied out to center. Butler fouled out to first. Jacobs doubled to deep right, Teahen scored. Callaspo grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Farnsworth pitching for Royals. Buck catching. Griffey Jr safe at first on error by pitcher Farnsworth. Johjima flied out to right. Gutierrez reached on infield single to third, Griffey Jr to second. Betancourt popped out to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 1 - Royals 9.	Teahen, Ponson power Royals past Mariners \n\n