Mariners - Top 1st. Bannister pitching for Royals. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Suzuki stole second. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki to third. Branyan struck out swinging. Beltre lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Crisp struck out looking. DeJesus doubled to deep left center. Teahen grounded out to first, DeJesus to third. Guillen lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Griffey Jr singled to center. Balentien grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Griffey Jr out at second. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Butler singled to center. Jacobs grounded into double play, second to first, Butler out at second. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Cedeno struck out swinging. Suzuki doubled to deep right. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Lopez fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Olivo struck out swinging. Aviles lined out to center. Crisp doubled to left. Crisp stole third. DeJesus safe at first on error by shortstop Cedeno, Crisp scored. Teahen grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 4th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Branyan grounded out to shortstop. Beltre singled to right. Griffey Jr grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Beltre out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Butler lined out to second. Jacobs flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Balentien flied out to right. Johnson struck out swinging. Cedeno struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Bloomquist singled to center. Olivo sacrificed to pitcher, Bloomquist to second. Aviles singled to center, Bloomquist scored. Crisp grounded out to third, Aviles to second. DeJesus struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Suzuki walked. Gutierrez safe at first on error by shortstop Aviles, Suzuki to second. Lopez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gutierrez out at second, Suzuki to third. Branyan popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 6th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Teahen grounded out to first. Guillen flied out to right. Butler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Mahay pitching for Royals. Beltre hit by pitch. Griffey Jr grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Beltre out at second. Balentien doubled to deep center. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Jacobs struck out swinging. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Olivo reached on infield single to third. Aviles grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Cruz pitching for Royals. Cedeno struck out swinging. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Gutierrez lined out to center. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. White pitching for Mariners. Crisp hit by pitch. DeJesus sacrificed to catcher, Crisp to second. Teahen intentionally walked. Guillen hit by pitch, Crisp to third, Teahen to second. Maier ran for Guillen. Butler singled to left, Crisp scored, Teahen thrown out at home, Maier to second, Maier to third advancing on throw. Butler picked off first. Jacobs batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Maier in right field. Soria pitching for Royals. Branyan struck out swinging. Beltre flied out to center. Griffey Jr singled to deep right. Balentien walked, Griffey Jr to second. Sweeney hit for Johnson. Sweeney singled to center, Griffey Jr scored, Balentien to third. Chavez ran for Sweeney. Betancourt hit for Cedeno. Betancourt walked, Chavez to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 1 - Royals 3.	Red-hot Royals dump M's for 6th straight win