Indians - Top 1st. Meche pitching for Royals. Cabrera doubled to right. Sizemore struck out swinging. Martinez lined into double play, pitcher to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Crisp walked. Callaspo walked, Crisp to second. Butler grounded into double play, second to first, Callaspo out at second, Crisp to third. Jacobs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Meche pitching for Royals. Choo grounded out to shortstop. Peralta singled to center. Garko flied out to center. DeRosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Guillen struck out swinging. Teahen grounded out to second. DeJesus walked. Buck grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeJesus out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Meche pitching for Royals. Francisco grounded out to third. Carroll grounded out to third. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Aviles flied out to left. Crisp singled to left. Callaspo singled to left center, Crisp to third. Butler singled to left, Crisp scored, Callaspo to second. Jacobs grounded into fielder's choice to second, Butler out at second, Callaspo to third. Guillen doubled to deep right center, Callaspo and Jacobs scored. Teahen grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Meche pitching for Royals. Sizemore grounded out to second. Martinez doubled to deep left. Choo singled to center, Martinez scored, Choo to second advancing on throw. Peralta singled to center, Choo scored. Garko grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. DeJesus flied out to left. Buck grounded out to first. Aviles singled to center. Aviles to second on wild pitch by Carmona. Crisp reached on infield single to shortstop, Aviles to third. Aviles scored, Crisp to second on wild pitch by Carmona. Callaspo grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Meche pitching for Royals. DeRosa singled to left center. Francisco flied out to center. Carroll grounded out to shortstop, DeRosa to second. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Butler grounded out to second. Jacobs grounded out to second. Guillen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Meche pitching for Royals. Sizemore flied out to right. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Choo walked. Peralta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Teahen grounded out to second. DeJesus walked. Buck sacrificed to pitcher, DeJesus to second. Aviles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Wright pitching for Royals. Garko grounded out to shortstop. DeRosa singled to right. Francisco singled to left, DeRosa to second. Carroll hit by pitch, DeRosa to third, Francisco to second. Cabrera walked, DeRosa scored, Francisco to third, Carroll to second. Ponson pitching for Royals. Sizemore grounded into fielder's choice to second, Francisco scored, Cabrera out at second, Carroll to third. Martinez lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Laffey pitching for Indians. Crisp bunt grounded out to third. Callaspo grounded out to pitcher. Butler walked. Jacobs lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Ponson pitching for Royals. Choo singled to left. Peralta sacrificed to first, Choo to second. Garko grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Choo out at third, Garko to second. LaPorta ran for Garko. DeRosa doubled to deep right, LaPorta scored. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Francisco singled to center, DeRosa scored. Carroll popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Martinez at first base. Shoppach catching. Laffey pitching for Indians. Guillen singled to right. Teahen grounded out to pitcher, Guillen to second. DeJesus singled to left, Guillen scored. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Buck walked, DeJesus to second. Aviles struck out swinging. Crisp struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Cabrera flied out to left. Sizemore grounded out to first. Martinez singled to right. Choo walked, Martinez to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Choo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Wood pitching for Indians. Callaspo walked. Bloomquist ran for Callaspo. Butler flied out to right. Bloomquist stole second. Jacobs walked. Maier ran for Jacobs. Guillen walked, Bloomquist to third, Maier to second. Teahen struck out looking. DeJesus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 6 - Royals 5.	DeRosa's three hits help Indians get by Royals