Mariners - Top 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Suzuki homered to right. Branyan struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to third. Griffey Jr struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. DeJesus hit by pitch. Bloomquist walked, DeJesus to second. Butler doubled to deep right, DeJesus scored, Bloomquist to third. Teahen struck out swinging. Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to center, Bloomquist scored, Butler to third. Pena grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Beltre popped out to second. Gutierrez doubled to deep right. Johjima grounded out to third. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Olivo singled to left. Gordon reached on bunt single to third, Olivo to third, Olivo scored, Gordon to second on throwing error by third baseman Beltre. Betancourt grounded out to third. DeJesus flied out to center, Gordon to third. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Saunders singled to left. Suzuki singled to left, Saunders to second. Branyan struck out swinging. Saunders to third, Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Hochevar. Lopez doubled to deep left center, Saunders and Suzuki scored. Griffey Jr singled to right, Lopez scored. Beltre struck out swinging. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Butler singled to left. Teahen struck out looking. Callaspo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Butler out at second. Pena grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. Wilson doubled to left. Saunders popped out to second. Suzuki safe at first on error by first baseman Butler, Wilson to third. Branyan hit by pitch, Suzuki to second. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 4th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Olivo grounded out to third. Gordon singled to right. Betancourt tripled to deep center, Gordon scored. DeJesus hit sacrifice fly to second, Betancourt scored. Bloomquist struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Griffey Jr walked. Beltre struck out swinging. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Johjima walked, Griffey Jr to second. Wilson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Kelley pitching for Mariners. Butler walked. Teahen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Butler out at second. Callaspo flied out to left. Pena lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Bale pitching for Royals. Saunders reached on bunt single to first. Suzuki walked, Saunders to second. Branyan doubled to right, Saunders scored, Suzuki to third. Wright pitching for Royals. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Griffey Jr intentionally walked. Beltre struck out swinging. Gutierrez reached on infield single to third, Suzuki scored, Branyan to third, Griffey Jr to second. Johjima struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Kelley pitching for Mariners. Olivo singled to left. Gordon struck out swinging. Betancourt doubled to deep right, Olivo scored. DeJesus flied out to center, Betancourt to third. Bloomquist flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Wright pitching for Royals. Wilson reached on infield single to third, Wilson to second on throwing error by third baseman Gordon. Mahay pitching for Royals. Saunders reached on bunt single to pitcher, Wilson to third. Suzuki struck out swinging. Branyan singled to right, Wilson scored, Saunders to third. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Lopez flied out to left. Griffey Jr struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 7th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Butler flied out to right. Teahen lined out to shortstop. Callaspo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Beltre flied out to left. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Johjima singled to left. Johjima caught stealing second, pitcher to second. Wilson batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Pena singled to center. Freel ran for Pena. Olivo grounded out to third, Freel to second. Gordon struck out swinging. Betancourt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Buck catching. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Wilson grounded out to third. Saunders flied out to left. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Aardsma pitching for Mariners. DeJesus struck out swinging. Jacobs hit for Bloomquist. Jacobs reached on infield single to second. Maier ran for Jacobs. Butler flied out to center. Teahen singled to center, Maier to third. Callaspo walked, Teahen to second. Buck fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - Royals 6.	Ichiro's HR, catch bookend M's win over Royals