Tigers - Top 1st. DiNardo pitching for Royals. Raburn walked. Polanco flied out to left. Ordonez singled to right, Raburn to third. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ordonez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Washburn pitching for Tigers. DeJesus walked. Bloomquist singled to right, DeJesus to second. Butler singled to right, DeJesus to third, Bloomquist to second. Olivo popped out to second. Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to center, DeJesus scored. Pena grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. DiNardo pitching for Royals. Thames singled to center. Inge struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Thames out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Washburn pitching for Tigers. Maier singled to left. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Maier out at second. Gordon stole second. Betancourt singled to right, Gordon scored, Betancourt to second advancing on throw. DeJesus flied out to left. Bloomquist grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. DiNardo pitching for Royals. Laird grounded out to third. Everett struck out swinging. Raburn grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Washburn pitching for Tigers. Butler grounded out to second. Olivo singled to center. Olivo stole second. Callaspo grounded out to first, Olivo to third. Pena grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. DiNardo pitching for Royals. Polanco struck out swinging. Ordonez singled to center. Cabrera walked, Ordonez to second. Thames singled to left, Ordonez to third, Cabrera to second. Inge grounded into double play, third to second to first, Thames out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Washburn pitching for Tigers. Maier flied out to center. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Betancourt doubled to deep center. DeJesus walked. Bloomquist singled to center, Betancourt scored, DeJesus to third. Butler flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. DiNardo pitching for Royals. Ramirez tripled to deep center. Laird hit sacrifice fly to left, Ramirez scored. Everett grounded out to third. Raburn doubled to center. Polanco singled to center, Raburn scored, Polanco to second advancing on throw. Ordonez walked. Cabrera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Washburn pitching for Tigers. Olivo struck out swinging. Callaspo flied out to center. Pena walked. Maier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Thames popped out to shortstop. Inge singled to left. Inge to second on wild pitch by Yabuta. Ramirez singled to center, Inge scored. Colon pitching for Royals. Laird singled to left, Ramirez to second. Everett doubled to left, Ramirez scored, Laird to third. Raburn flied out to right. Polanco grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Raburn in left field. Granderson in center field. Miner pitching for Tigers. Gordon homered to right center. Betancourt walked. DeJesus reached on bunt single to third, Betancourt to second. Bloomquist popped out to shortstop. Butler singled to left, Betancourt scored, DeJesus to second. Olivo flied out to center. Callaspo grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Colon pitching for Royals. Ordonez struck out looking. Cabrera singled to left. Huff hit for Thames. Huff singled to center, Cabrera to second. Kelly ran for Huff. Inge grounded out to shortstop, Cabrera to third, Kelly to second. Hughes pitching for Royals. Granderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Pena singled to right. Maier singled to right, Pena to second. Ni pitching for Tigers. Anderson ran for Pena. Gordon walked, Anderson to third, Maier to second. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Betancourt hit sacrifice fly to center, Anderson scored, Maier to third. DeJesus struck out swinging. Bloomquist walked, Gordon to second. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bloomquist out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Hughes pitching for Royals. Laird hit by pitch. Everett flied out to left. Raburn singled to right center, Laird to second. Polanco grounded into double play, third to second to first, Raburn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Olivo grounded out to third. Callaspo homered to right center. Jacobs hit for Anderson. Jacobs grounded out to second. Maier grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Rosa pitching for Royals. Ordonez singled to center. Cabrera lined into double play, to first, Ordonez doubled off first. Kelly grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 4 - Royals 7.	Royals finish off Tigers