Red Sox - Top 1st. DiNardo pitching for Royals. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Pedroia grounded out to third. Martinez singled to center. Youkilis reached on infield single to shortstop, Martinez to second. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to third, Youkilis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Bloomquist grounded out to first. Maier grounded out to first. Butler grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. DiNardo pitching for Royals. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. Lowell walked. Baldelli singled to center, Lowell to third. Gonzalez fouled out to first. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Jacobs struck out swinging. Callaspo grounded out to third. Olivo walked. Gordon fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. DiNardo pitching for Royals. Pedroia singled to center. Martinez walked, Pedroia to second. Youkilis flied out to center, Pedroia to third. Bay homered to left center, Pedroia and Martinez scored. Ortiz walked. Lowell flied out to center. Baldelli reached on infield single to third, Ortiz to second. Gonzalez singled to left, Ortiz to third, Baldelli to second. Ellsbury singled to center, Ortiz and Baldelli scored, Gonzalez to second. Pedroia singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Ellsbury to second. Martinez grounded out to third. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Betancourt flied out to left. Anderson walked. Anderson stole second. Bloomquist walked. Anderson stole third. Bloomquist stole second. Maier walked. Butler popped out to first. Anderson scored, Bloomquist to third, Maier to second on passed ball by Martinez. Jacobs struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. DiNardo pitching for Royals. Youkilis flied out to right. Bay lined out to third. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Callaspo flied out to center. Olivo singled to center. Olivo stole second. Olivo safe at third on throwing error by catcher Martinez. Gordon singled to center, Olivo scored. Betancourt singled to center, Gordon to third. Anderson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Betancourt out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 5th. DiNardo pitching for Royals. Lowell walked. Baldelli grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lowell out at second. Gonzalez walked, Baldelli to second. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gonzalez out at second, Baldelli to third. Ellsbury to second on wild pitch by DiNardo. Pedroia walked. Martinez singled to right, Baldelli and Ellsbury scored, Pedroia out at third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Bloomquist walked. Maier flied out to left. Bloomquist stole second. Butler walked. Jacobs homered to right, Bloomquist and Butler scored. Callaspo singled to left. Olivo popped out to second. Gordon walked, Callaspo to second. Betancourt flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Youkilis grounded out to shortstop. Bay singled to center. Ortiz singled to center, Bay to third. Bay scored, Ortiz to second on wild pitch by Yabuta. Lowell flied out to right, Ortiz to third. Baldelli struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Anderson doubled to deep right. Bloomquist grounded out to second, Anderson to third. Maier struck out swinging. Butler doubled to deep right, Anderson scored. Jacobs walked. Callaspo doubled to deep right center, Butler and Jacobs scored. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Olivo walked. Gordon doubled to deep left, Callaspo scored, Olivo to third. Betancourt singled to right, Olivo and Gordon scored, Betancourt out stretching at second. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Wright pitching for Royals. Gonzalez flied out to center. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Pedroia walked. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Wagner pitching for Red Sox. Anderson struck out swinging. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Maier walked. Butler doubled to deep left center, Maier scored. Jacobs walked. Callaspo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Wright pitching for Royals. Youkilis flied out to right. Bay popped out to first. Ortiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Bowden pitching for Red Sox. Olivo popped out to third. Gordon flied out to right. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Callaspo at third base. Hernandez at second base. Soria pitching for Royals. Lowell struck out swinging. Kotchman hit for Baldelli. Kotchman grounded out to second. Reddick hit for Gonzalez. Reddick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 9 - Royals 12.	Red Sox blast DiNardo but 6-run 6th lifts Royals