Astros - Top 1st . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Biggio singled to left . Everett grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Biggio out at second . Bagwell walked . Kent grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bagwell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Miller pitching for Astros . Podsednik fouled out to catcher . Counsell fouled out to third . Spivey struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Berkman doubled to left . Hidalgo grounded out to third . Ensberg reached on infield single to third , Berkman to third . Ausmus grounded out to shortstop , Berkman scored , Ensberg to second . Miller flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Miller pitching for Astros . Jenkins flied out to right . Overbay flied out to center . Helms struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Biggio walked . Everett sacrificed to pitcher , Biggio to second . Bagwell singled to center , Biggio scored . Kent flied out to center , Bagwell to third . Berkman grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Miller pitching for Astros . Grieve grounded out to first . Bennett flied out to right . Obermueller struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Hidalgo struck out swinging . Ensberg struck out looking . Ausmus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Miller pitching for Astros . Podsednik reached on bunt single to pitcher . Podsednik stole second . Counsell flied out to center , Podsednik to third . Spivey struck out looking . Jenkins singled to right , Podsednik scored . Overbay doubled to deep center , Jenkins scored . Helms struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Miller grounded out to shortstop . Biggio fouled out to first . Everett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Miller pitching for Astros . Grieve flied out to center . Bennett grounded out to second . Obermueller singled to left . Podsednik flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Bagwell doubled to left . Kent struck out swinging . Berkman walked . Ford pitching for Brewers . Hidalgo doubled to deep left , Bagwell and Berkman scored . Ensberg walked . Ausmus singled to center , Hidalgo scored , Ensberg to third . Miller sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ensberg scored , Ausmus to third . Biggio singled to right , Ausmus scored , Miller to second . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Everett walked , Miller to third , Biggio to second . Bagwell homered to left center , Miller , Biggio and Everett scored . Kent singled to center . Berkman grounded out to first , Kent to second . Hidalgo singled to center , Kent tagged out at home . 9 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Astros . Counsell struck out looking . Spivey struck out swinging . Jenkins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Ensberg flied out to left . Palmeiro hit for Miller . Ausmus grounded out to shortstop . Lane in center field . Fernandez pitching for Astros . Palmeiro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Fernandez pitching for Astros . Overbay grounded out to first . Helms walked . Grieve doubled to deep center , Helms to third . Bennett singled to right , Helms scored , Grieve to third . Kieschnick singled to center , Grieve scored , Bennett to second . Podsednik flied out to left . Duckworth pitching for Astros . Counsell walked , Bennett to third , Kieschnick to second . Hernandez pitching for Brewers . Ginter at second base . Spivey lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Brewers . Lane walked . Everett struck out swinging . Bagwell singled to right , Lane to second . Kent popped out to second . Berkman reached on infield single to shortstop , Lane to third , Bagwell to second . Hidalgo singled to center , Lane and Bagwell scored , Berkman to third . Bruntlett at second base . Ensberg lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Duckworth pitching for Astros . Jenkins flied out to left . Overbay homered to right . Durrington hit for Helms . Durrington walked . Grieve grounded out to first , Durrington to second . Bennett homered to left center , Durrington scored . Ginter doubled to deep left . Miceli pitching for Astros . Durrington at third base . Podsednik grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Vizcaino hit for Miceli . Hernandez pitching for Brewers . Ausmus struck out swinging . Vizcaino walked . Lane walked , Vizcaino to second . Everett safe at first on error by third baseman Durrington , Vizcaino to third , Lane to second . Bagwell struck out looking . Dotel pitching for Astros . Bruntlett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Hall hit for Hernandez . Dotel pitching for Astros . Counsell walked . Hall popped out to second . Jenkins lined out to center . Overbay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 13 - Brewers 7 .	Miller hops all over Brewers in Astros win