Brewers - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for Dodgers . Podsednik homered to right . Counsell singled to center . Counsell stole second . Grieve popped out to shortstop . Jenkins grounded out to pitcher , Counsell to third . Overbay grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Brewers . Roberts flied out to left . Izturis singled to center . Bradley walked , Izturis to second . Green walked , Izturis to third , Bradley to second . Lo Duca singled to left , Izturis and Bradley scored , Green to second . Beltre grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lo Duca out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for Dodgers . Spivey walked . Ginter walked , Spivey to second . Bennett grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ginter out at second , Spivey to third . Hendrickson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Brewers . Encarnacion singled to left . Cora fouled out to left . Jackson struck out swinging . Encarnacion caught stealing second , catcher to second . Roberts batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for Dodgers . Podsednik safe at first on error by first baseman Green . Counsell grounded out to second , Podsednik to second . Podsednik picked off second . Grieve walked . Jenkins lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Brewers . Roberts tripled to deep right . Izturis grounded out to first . Roberts scored on Hendrickson 's wild pitch . Bradley reached on infield single to shortstop . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bradley out at second . Lo Duca lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for Dodgers . Overbay grounded out to pitcher . Spivey grounded out to third . Ginter tripled to deep right center . Bennett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Brewers . Beltre reached on infield single to second . Encarnacion struck out looking . Cora grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Beltre out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Jackson pitching for Dodgers . Hendrickson struck out swinging . Podsednik fouled out to third . Grabowski hit for Jackson . Counsell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Brewers . Grabowski doubled to right , Grabowski to third on error by right fielder Grieve . Roberts grounded out to first . Izturis sacrificed to catcher , Grabowski scored . Martin pitching for Dodgers . Bradley grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 6th . Martin pitching for Dodgers . Grieve struck out looking . Jenkins grounded out to pitcher . Kinney pitching for Brewers . Overbay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Kinney pitching for Brewers . Green grounded out to first . Lo Duca homered to left . Beltre flied out to center . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Encarnacion flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Spivey struck out swinging . Ginter fouled out to catcher . Bennett grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Kinney pitching for Brewers . Cora singled to right . Mota struck out swinging . Roberts doubled to deep right , Cora to third . Izturis popped out to second . Durrington hit for Kinney . Bradley grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Durrington struck out swinging . Podsednik singled to right . Podsednik to second on fielder 's indifference . Counsell popped out to third . Podsednik to third on wild pitch by Mota . Gagne pitching for Dodgers . Grieve walked . Burba pitching for Brewers . Jenkins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Burba pitching for Brewers . Green struck out swinging . Lo Duca grounded out to pitcher . Beltre flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Gagne pitching for Dodgers . Overbay doubled to deep right . Spivey struck out swinging . Kieschnick hit for Bennett . Ginter fouled out to catcher . Hall hit for Burba . Kieschnick singled to left , Overbay scored . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kieschnick out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 2 - Dodgers 5 .	Jackson gives Dodgers emergency start