Brewers - Top 1st . Washburn pitching for Angels . Podsednik flied out to left . Clark reached on bunt single to third . Jenkins hit ground rule double to deep left , Clark to third . Overbay doubled to deep right center , Clark and Jenkins scored . Spivey grounded out to second , Overbay to third . Hall singled to right , Overbay scored . Ginter flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Santos pitching for Brewers . Figgins flied out to right . Kennedy flied out to right . Guerrero singled to left . Guerrero stole second . Guillen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Washburn pitching for Angels . Durrington grounded out to second . Bennett lined out to second . Podsednik fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Santos pitching for Brewers . Davanon reached on bunt single to first . Salmon singled to left , Davanon to second . Kotchman lined out to center . Halter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Salmon out at second , Davanon to third , Halter to first , Davanon scored on throwing error by second baseman Spivey . Paul singled to right , Halter to third . Figgins fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 3rd . Washburn pitching for Angels . Clark singled to left . Jenkins grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Clark out at second . Overbay struck out swinging . Spivey doubled to center , Jenkins scored . Hall struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Santos pitching for Brewers . Kennedy flied out to center . Guerrero homered to left . Guillen singled to center . Guillen to second on balk by Santos . Davanon reached on infield single to second . Salmon singled to center , Guillen to third , Davanon to second . Kotchman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Salmon out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Washburn pitching for Angels . Ginter lined out to third . Durrington singled to right center . Bennett grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Durrington to second . Podsednik walked , Durrington to third , Bennett to second . Clark hit by pitch , Durrington scored , Bennett to third , Podsednik to second . Jenkins safe at first on error by second baseman Kennedy , Bennett scored , Podsednik to third , Clark to second . Overbay struck out swinging . Spivey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jenkins out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 4th . Santos pitching for Brewers . Halter grounded out to first . Paul singled to left . Figgins singled to right , Paul to third . Kennedy grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Figgins out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Washburn pitching for Angels . Hall grounded out to third . Ginter singled to center . Durrington grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ginter out at second . Bennett popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Santos pitching for Brewers . Guerrero walked . Guillen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Guerrero out at second . Davanon singled to left . Davanon stole second . Salmon walked , Davanon stole third . Salmon batting . Hensley pitching for Angels . Kotchman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Hensley pitching for Angels . Podsednik singled to center . Podsednik stole second . Clark doubled to left , Podsednik scored . Jenkins lined into double play , to shortstop , Clark doubled off second . Overbay walked . Spivey popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Santos pitching for Brewers . Halter singled to center . Paul struck out swinging . Halter caught stealing second , catcher to second . Figgins singled to right . Kennedy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Hensley pitching for Angels . Hall struck out swinging . Ginter singled to left . Durrington struck out swinging . Burba pitching for Brewers . Bennett popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Burba pitching for Brewers . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Guillen grounded out to third . Davanon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Hensley pitching for Angels . Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop . Bergman pitching for Angels . Clark singled to center , Podsednik to third . Jenkins hit sacrifice fly to left , Podsednik scored . Clark to second on wild pitch by Bergman . Overbay walked . Spivey singled to left , Clark to third , Overbay to second . Hall doubled to deep right , Clark and Overbay scored , Spivey to third . Ginter singled to left center , Spivey and Hall scored . Durrington flied out to center . Bennett lined out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Molina ran for Salmon . Burba pitching for Brewers . Salmon singled to left . Kotchman popped out to third . Halter walked , Molina to second . Figgins in center field . Amezaga at shortstop . Davanon in right field . Paul grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Halter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Bergman pitching for Angels . Podsednik singled to left . Clark popped out to second . Jenkins struck out swinging . Overbay grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Podsednik out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Burba pitching for Brewers . Figgins lined out to shortstop . Kennedy flied out to center . Amezaga grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 12 - Angels 2 .	No extras : Brewers follow marathon with rout