Brewers - Top 1st . Sele pitching for Angels . Podsednik fouled out to third . Spivey grounded out to shortstop . Jenkins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Eckstein grounded out to third . Figgins singled to left center , Figgins out stretching at second . Guerrero grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Sele pitching for Angels . Overbay singled to left center . Liefer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Overbay out at second . Clark grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Anderson flied out to center . Guillen grounded out to second . Davanon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Sele pitching for Angels . Ginter grounded out to second . Bennett doubled to deep left . Counsell flied out to left . Podsednik hit by pitch . Spivey singled to center , Bennett scored , Podsednik to second . Jenkins homered to right , Podsednik and Spivey scored . Overbay grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Kotchman singled to center . Molina flied out to right . Kennedy singled to right , Kotchman to third . Kennedy to second on wild pitch by Obermueller . Eckstein grounded out to third . Figgins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Sele pitching for Angels . Liefer popped out to shortstop . Clark grounded out to second . Ginter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Guerrero singled to right center . Guerrero to second on wild pitch by Obermueller . Anderson grounded out to second , Guerrero to third . Guillen grounded out to first , Guerrero scored . Davanon grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Sele pitching for Angels . Bennett walked . Counsell grounded out to shortstop , Bennett to second . Podsednik flied out to right . Spivey singled to right , Bennett to third . Jenkins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Kotchman grounded out to first . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Sele pitching for Angels . Overbay flied out to center . Liefer flied out to left . Clark grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Eckstein grounded out to pitcher . Figgins bunt grounded out to third . Gregg pitching for Angels . Guerrero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Ginter grounded out to first . Bennett walked . Counsell struck out swinging . Podsednik popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Anderson singled to deep right . Guillen flied out to left . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Davanon walked , Anderson to second . Salmon hit for Molina . Kotchman doubled to deep right , Anderson and Davanon scored . Paul ran for Salmon . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Salmon walked . Kennedy walked , Kotchman to third , Paul to second . Eckstein struck out swinging . Paul catching . Figgins flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Spivey flied out to right . Jenkins singled to left . Overbay struck out swinging . Liefer singled to right , Jenkins to second . Bennett pitching for Brewers . Clark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Bennett pitching for Brewers . Guerrero walked . Anderson walked , Guerrero to second . Adams pitching for Brewers . Guillen singled to left , Guerrero scored , Anderson to second . Davanon singled to left , Anderson scored , Guillen to second . Kotchman hit by pitch , Guillen to third , Davanon to second . Paul popped out to shortstop . Kennedy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guillen out at home , Davanon to third , Kotchman to second . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Eckstein flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Grieve hit for Bennett . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Ginter struck out swinging . Durrington ran for Grieve . Grieve singled to left . Counsell walked , Durrington to second . Podsednik reached first base on catcher 's interference , Durrington to third , Counsell to second . Podsednik batting . Spivey grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Podsednik out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 4 - Angels 5 .	Angels rally from 4 runs down to top Brewers