Pirates - Top 1st . Davis pitching for Brewers . Kendall walked . Wilson struck out looking . Bay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kendall out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Podsednik bunt popped out to pitcher . Clark grounded out to shortstop . Jenkins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Wilson grounded out to second . Alvarez grounded out to third . Redman reached on bunt single to pitcher . Redman stole second , Redman safe at third on throwing error by catcher Moeller . Stynes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Helms singled to deep right . Overbay grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Helms out at second . Hall grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Castillo struck out looking . Burnett walked . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Burnett out at second . Wilson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Moeller singled to left . Counsell singled to left , Moeller to second . Davis sacrificed to pitcher , Moeller to third , Counsell to second . Podsednik walked . Clark doubled to shallow right , Moeller and Counsell scored , Podsednik to third . Jenkins hit by pitch . Helms walked , Podsednik scored , Clark to third , Jenkins to second . Roberts pitching for Pirates . Overbay grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Clark and Jenkins scored on throwing error by pitcher Burnett , Helms safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Burnett . Hall lined into double play , pitcher to first , Overbay out at first . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 4th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Bay reached on infield single to third . Wilson flied out to center . Bay caught stealing second , catcher to second . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Roberts pitching for Pirates . Moeller flied out to right . Counsell walked . Davis singled to center , Counsell to second . Podsednik grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Redman grounded out to second . Stynes popped out to second . Castillo walked . Roberts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Roberts pitching for Pirates . Clark flied out to right . Jenkins struck out looking . Helms grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Kendall grounded out to third . Wilson flied out to right . Bay singled to center . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Roberts pitching for Pirates . Overbay walked . Hall fouled out to third . Moeller lined out to right . Counsell singled to center , Overbay to second . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Alvarez walked . Redman singled to center , Alvarez to second . Stynes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Redman out at second , Alvarez to third . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Castillo grounded into double play , second to first , Stynes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Podsednik struck out swinging . Clark singled to left . Jenkins struck out looking . Adams pitching for Brewers . Nunez hit for Grabow . Helms popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Adams pitching for Brewers . Nunez singled to left . Kendall singled to left , Nunez to second . Wilson struck out swinging . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kendall out at second , Nunez to third . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Overbay flied out to center . Hall struck out swinging . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Hill hit for Alvarez . Moeller popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Hill lined out to right . Mackowiak hit for Stynes . Redman grounded out to second . Mackowiak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 0 - Brewers 5 .	Brewers , Davis shut out Pirates