Reds - Top 1st . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Freel singled to left . Larkin grounded into double play , third to second to first , Freel out at second . Casey walked . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Claussen pitching for Reds . Podsednik singled to right . Hall grounded out to pitcher , Podsednik to second . Overbay walked . Jenkins doubled to deep right , Podsednik and Overbay scored . Ginter singled to left , Jenkins to third . Clark hit sacrifice fly to center , Jenkins scored . Ginter stole second . Helms homered to left , Ginter scored . Bennett grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Jimenez walked . Kearns hit ground rule double to deep left center , Jimenez to third . Lopez singled to right , Jimenez scored , Kearns to third . Valentin ran for LaRue . LaRue grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kearns scored , Lopez out at second , LaRue to first , LaRue to second on throwing error by shortstop Hall . Claussen safe at first on error by shortstop Hall , Valentin to third . Freel grounded into double play , third to second to first , Claussen out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Valentin catching . Claussen pitching for Reds . Obermueller walked . Podsednik singled to center , Obermueller to second . Hall flied out to center . Overbay doubled to left , Obermueller scored , Podsednik to third . Van Poppel pitching for Reds . Jenkins singled to left , Podsednik scored , Overbay to third . Ginter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Overbay scored , Jenkins out at second . Clark walked , Ginter to second . Helms flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Larkin walked . Casey grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Larkin out at second . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Van Poppel pitching for Reds . Bennett homered to left center . Obermueller singled to center . Podsednik doubled to deep center , Obermueller to third . Hall struck out swinging . Overbay fouled out to catcher . Jenkins intentionally walked . Ginter struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Jimenez singled to left . Kearns grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jimenez out at second . Lopez walked . Freel at third base . Norton pitching for Reds . Bragg in center field . Valentin popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Norton pitching for Reds . Clark grounded out to third . Helms lined out to left . Bennett grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Bragg grounded out to shortstop . Freel tripled to deep right . Larkin grounded out to shortstop , Freel scored . Casey fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Norton pitching for Reds . Obermueller singled to center , Obermueller to second on error by center fielder Bragg . Podsednik reached on infield single to second , Obermueller to third . Hall struck out swinging . Overbay struck out looking . Jenkins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 6th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Dunn grounded out to third . Jimenez fouled out to third . Vander Wal hit for Norton . Kearns homered to right . Valentine pitching for Reds . Vander Wal popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Valentine pitching for Reds . Ginter fouled out to third . Clark walked . Helms doubled to deep left , Clark scored . Krynzel hit for Obermueller . Bennett flied out to center , Helms to third . Liriano pitching for Brewers . Krynzel popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Liriano pitching for Brewers . Valentin singled to center . Bragg flied out to left . Freel grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Valentin out at second . Larkin walked , Freel to second . Casey grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Valentine pitching for Reds . Podsednik lined out to second . Hall singled to shallow left . Overbay struck out swinging . Jenkins doubled to left center , Hall to third . Ginter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Liriano pitching for Brewers . Dunn lined out to center . Jimenez struck out swinging . Graves pitching for Reds . Kearns flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Graves pitching for Reds . Clark walked . White pitching for Reds . Helms reached on infield single to third , Clark to second . Magruder hit for Liriano . Bennett singled to center , Clark scored , Helms to second . Magruder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bennett out at second , Helms to third . Podsednik grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Helms out at home , Magruder to second . Adams pitching for Brewers . Magruder in left field . Cruz hit for White . Hall struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Adams pitching for Brewers . Cruz struck out looking . Valentin doubled to deep right . Bragg popped out to shortstop . Freel walked . Larkin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 4 - Brewers 11 .	Revenge of the Podsednik people : Brewers win