Cardinals - Top 1st . Santos pitching for Brewers . Womack struck out swinging . Taguchi struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Krynzel singled to right . Ginter grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Krynzel safe at third on error by pitcher Marquis . Clark singled to right , Krynzel scored , Ginter to second . Jenkins grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Clark out at second , Ginter to third . Branyan struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Santos pitching for Brewers . Edmonds walked . Cedeno grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Edmonds out at second . Mabry struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Helms grounded out to second . Counsell grounded out to second . Bennett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Santos pitching for Brewers . Molina grounded out to second . Luna flied out to center . Marquis walked . Womack flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Santos grounded out to pitcher . Krynzel doubled to left . Ginter singled to center , Krynzel to third . Clark reached on infield single to shortstop , Krynzel scored , Ginter to second . Jenkins reached on infield single to shortstop , Ginter to third , Clark to second . Branyan hit sacrifice fly to right , Ginter scored , Clark to third . Helms grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jenkins out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Santos pitching for Brewers . Taguchi singled to center . Pujols fouled out to third . Edmonds hit by pitch . Cedeno grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Edmonds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Counsell hit ground rule double to deep right . Bennett grounded out to second , Counsell to third . Santos grounded out to shortstop , Counsell scored . Krynzel struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Santos pitching for Brewers . Mabry homered to right . Molina struck out swinging . Luna lined out to center . Marquis flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Ginter singled to center . Clark grounded out to second , Ginter to second . Jenkins struck out swinging . Branyan walked . Helms popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Santos pitching for Brewers . Womack singled to center . Taguchi singled to center , Womack to second . Pujols flied out to center , Womack to third . Taguchi stole second . Edmonds hit sacrifice fly to right , Womack scored , Taguchi to third . Cali pitching for Cardinals . Cedeno flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Cali pitching for Cardinals . Counsell struck out looking . Hall hit for Santos . Bennett doubled to deep right . Hall walked . Krynzel grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hall out at second , Bennett to third . Taguchi in right field . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Anderson in left field . Krynzel to second on wild pitch by Tavarez . Ginter doubled to deep right center , Bennett and Krynzel scored . Overbay at first base . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Clark grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Mabry struck out looking . Molina singled to center . Luna grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Jenkins flied out to left . Branyan flied out to center . Overbay lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Anderson homered to right . Womack tripled to deep right . Wise pitching for Brewers . Womack scored on Wise 's wild pitch . Taguchi grounded out to shortstop . Pujols struck out swinging . Edmonds flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Counsell grounded out to shortstop . Podsednik hit for Wise . Bennett hit by pitch . Podsednik flied out to left . Krynzel singled to right , Bennett to second . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Sanders hit for Tavarez . Ginter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bennett out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Sanders struck out swinging . Walker hit for Molina . Mabry singled to right . Walker singled to right , Mabry to second . Luna grounded out to shortstop , Mabry to third , Walker to second . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Brewers 6 .	Kolb 's 38th save is Brewers ' team record