White Sox - Top 1st. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Moncada struck out swinging. García singled to shallow center. Abreu singled to shallow right, García to second. Davidson struck out looking. Castillo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Granderson grounded out to second. Donaldson grounded out to pitcher. Smoak popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Anderson singled to shallow right. Engel walked, Anderson to second. Saladino struck out swinging. Delmonico singled to right center, Anderson scored, Engel to third. Moncada struck out swinging. García struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Solarte doubled to deep right center. Grichuk grounded out to second, Solarte to third. Morales struck out swinging. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Abreu hit by pitch. Davidson grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Abreu out at second. Castillo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Maile doubled to left. Díaz homered to left (387 feet), Maile scored. Granderson lined out to center. Donaldson grounded out to third. Smoak walked. Solarte singled to right, Smoak to third. Grichuk safe at first on error by shortstop Anderson, Smoak scored, Solarte to second. Morales grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 4th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Anderson homered to right (383 feet). Engel grounded out to second. Saladino struck out looking. Delmonico struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Pillar singled to center. Maile struck out swinging. Díaz doubled to right, Pillar scored, Díaz out stretching at third. Granderson tripled to deep right center. Donaldson homered to left (360 feet), Granderson scored. Smoak grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Moncada grounded out to third. García homered to left center (481 feet). Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Davidson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Solarte grounded out to third. Grichuk struck out looking. Morales walked. Pillar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Castillo popped out to second. Anderson singled to right center. Barnes pitching for Blue Jays. Anderson stole second. Anderson stole third. Engel grounded out to shortstop, Anderson scored. Sánchez hit for Saladino. Sánchez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Díaz. Delmonico struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Sánchez at third base. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Maile flied out to right. Díaz singled to right. Granderson flied out to left, Díaz to second. Donaldson singled to deep left, Díaz scored. Smoak hit by pitch, Donaldson to second. Solarte flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Ngoepe at shortstop. Axford pitching for Blue Jays. Moncada walked. García grounded out to third, Moncada to second. Abreu singled to right, Moncada to third. Davidson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Moncada out at home, Abreu to second. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davidson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Grichuk flied out to left. Morales struck out swinging. Pillar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Clippard pitching for Blue Jays. Anderson struck out swinging. Engel flied out to right. Sánchez homered to right (441 feet). Delmonico struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Maile flied out to center. Ngoepe walked. Granderson doubled to center, Ngoepe scored. Infante pitching for White Sox. Donaldson walked. Smoak hit ground rule double to left, Granderson scored, Donaldson to third. Solarte intentionally walked. Grichuk hit sacrifice fly to center, Donaldson scored, Smoak to third. Morales singled to right, Smoak scored, Solarte to second. Pillar doubled to deep left, Solarte scored, Morales to third. Minaya pitching for White Sox. Maile doubled to right center, Morales and Pillar scored. Ngoepe lined out to second. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Moncada struck out swinging. García reached on infield single to pitcher, García to second on throwing error by pitcher Loup. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. Davidson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 5 - Blue Jays 14.	Donaldson homers again as Blue Jays rout White Sox 14-5