White Sox - Top 1st. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Moncada doubled to deep right. Sánchez grounded out to shortstop, Moncada to third. Abreu doubled to deep right, Moncada scored. Palka grounded out to second, Abreu to third. Anderson singled to left, Abreu scored. Narváez walked, Anderson to second. Engel popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Martín grounded out to third. Castellanos popped out to first. Candelario flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Tilson flied out to center. Thompson grounded out to third. Moncada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Martínez grounded out to pitcher. Goodrum flied out to right. Hicks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Sánchez popped out to third. Abreu singled to left. Palka struck out swinging. Anderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for White Sox. McCann struck out swinging. Iglesias walked. Jones lined into double play, right to first, Iglesias doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Narváez walked. Engel singled to left, Narváez to second. Tilson bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Narváez out at third, Engel to second. Engel stole third, Tilson stole second. Thompson singled to deep right, Engel scored, Tilson to third. Moncada flied out to center. Sánchez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Martín singled to right. Castellanos doubled to right, Martín to third. Candelario popped out to shortstop. Martín scored, Castellanos to third on wild pitch by López. Martínez grounded out to second, Castellanos scored. Goodrum grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Abreu struck out swinging. Palka singled to deep right, Palka out stretching at second. Anderson homered to left (404 feet). Narváez popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Hicks singled to left. McCann grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hicks out at second. Iglesias singled to center, Iglesias out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Engel fouled out to right. Tilson reached on infield single to pitcher. Thompson fouled out to third. Moncada walked, Tilson to second. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Sánchez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Jones grounded out to second. Martín walked. Castellanos singled to center, Martín to second. Candelario lined out to first. Martínez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Abreu grounded out to second. Palka safe at first on error by shortstop Iglesias. Anderson singled to right, Palka to second. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Narváez struck out looking. Engel popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Goodrum struck out swinging. Hicks walked. McCann grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hicks out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Tilson grounded out to shortstop. Thompson struck out swinging. Moncada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Rondón pitching for White Sox. Iglesias doubled to left. Jones struck out swinging. Martín singled to right, Iglesias scored. Castellanos doubled to left, Martín scored, Castellanos to third advancing on throw. Fry pitching for White Sox. Candelario singled to shallow right, Castellanos scored. Martínez flied out to right. Goodrum grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Candelario out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Greene pitching for Tigers. Kozma at second base. Sánchez reached on infield single to third. Abreu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sánchez out at second. Palka struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 4 - Tigers 5.	Candelario's RBI single lifts Tigers past White Sox 5-4