White Sox - Top 1st. Plutko pitching for Indians. Moncada walked. Moncada stole second. Sánchez grounded out to second, Moncada to third. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center, Moncada scored. Palka popped out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Covey pitching for White Sox. Lindor struck out swinging. Brantley singled to center. Ramírez flied out to right. Encarnación grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Plutko pitching for Indians. Skole singled to right. Anderson flied out to right. Engel tripled to deep center, Skole scored. Tilson hit sacrifice fly to center, Engel scored. González grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Covey pitching for White Sox. Alonso walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Alonso out at second. Kipnis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Plutko pitching for Indians. Moncada flied out to left. Sánchez grounded out to third. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Covey pitching for White Sox. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. Allen singled to left. Allen stole second. Allen to third on wild pitch by Covey. Allen scored on Covey's wild pitch. Lindor walked. Brantley grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lindor out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Plutko pitching for Indians. Palka singled to right center. Palka caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Skole homered to right (418 feet). Anderson homered to right center (401 feet). Engel popped out to first. Tilson lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Covey pitching for White Sox. Ramírez singled to center. Encarnación struck out swinging. Alonso doubled to deep left, Ramírez to third. Cabrera grounded out to first, Ramírez scored, Alonso to third. Kipnis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Plutko pitching for Indians. González grounded out to third. Moncada struck out swinging. Sánchez singled to left. Abreu popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Covey pitching for White Sox. Gomes safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Anderson. Allen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gomes out at second. Lindor singled to center, Allen to second. Brantley walked, Allen to third, Lindor to second. Avilán pitching for White Sox. Ramírez popped out to shortstop. Volstad pitching for White Sox. Encarnación doubled to right, Allen, Lindor and Brantley scored. Fry pitching for White Sox. Alonso doubled to deep right center, Encarnación scored. Cabrera safe at first on error by second baseman Moncada, Alonso scored. Kipnis struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Olson pitching for Indians. Palka struck out swinging. Skole struck out looking. Marshall pitching for Indians. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Fry pitching for White Sox. Gomes doubled to deep right. Allen sacrificed to third, Gomes to third. Lindor singled to right, Gomes scored. Lindor to second on passed ball by González. Brantley flied out to left. Beck pitching for White Sox. Ramírez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Marshall pitching for Indians. Engel singled to center. Tilson singled to left, Engel to second. Narváez hit for González. Narváez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tilson out at second, Engel to third. Moncada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Narváez catching. Beck pitching for White Sox. Encarnación homered to left center (401 feet). Alonso walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Alonso out at second. Kipnis doubled to deep center. Gomes lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Davis in center field. Allen in right field. Ramírez pitching for Indians. Sánchez singled to right. Abreu struck out looking. Palka lined out to right. Skole walked, Sánchez to second. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sánchez out at third, Skole to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Allen struck out looking. Lindor singled to left. Brantley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lindor out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Taylor pitching for Indians. Engel grounded out to shortstop. Tilson reached on infield single to pitcher. Narváez doubled to right center, Tilson scored. Moncada struck out swinging. Sánchez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 6 - Indians 9.	Encarnacion, Chicago's poor defense boost Indians to 9-6 win