Tigers - Top 1st. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Martín struck out swinging. Candelario flied out to center. Castellanos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Moncada grounded out to second. Sánchez grounded out to second. Abreu popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Martínez popped out to third. Hicks homered to right center (396 feet). Goodrum grounded out to second. McCann singled to center. Reyes singled to right, McCann to second. Machado flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Palka struck out looking. Davidson grounded out to third. Narváez doubled to center. Anderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Martín singled to right. Candelario flied out to left. Castellanos singled to left, Martín to second. Martínez doubled to right, Martín and Castellanos scored. Hicks lined out to center. Goodrum popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Tilson singled to center. Engel fouled out to third. Moncada struck out swinging. Sánchez fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. McCann singled to center. Reyes struck out swinging. Machado lined out to left. Martín singled to right, McCann to third. McCann caught stealing home, catcher to shortstop to catcher. Candelario batting. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Abreu fouled out to first. Palka flied out to left. Davidson reached on infield single to second. Narváez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Candelario hit by pitch. Castellanos safe at first on error by third baseman Sánchez, Candelario to second. Martínez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Castellanos out at second, Candelario to third. Hicks grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Anderson singled to left. Tilson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Anderson out at second. Engel singled to right. Moncada walked, Engel to second. Sánchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Goodrum flied out to left. McCann reached on infield single to third. Reyes fouled out to third. Machado lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Abreu fouled out to third. Palka singled to center. Davidson singled to left, Palka to second. Narváez homered to right (387 feet), Palka and Davidson scored. Anderson hit by pitch. Coleman pitching for Tigers. Tilson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Anderson out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Cedeño pitching for White Sox. Martín struck out swinging. Rondón pitching for White Sox. Candelario grounded out to first. Castellanos walked. Avilán pitching for White Sox. Martínez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castellanos out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Coleman pitching for Tigers. Engel struck out swinging. Moncada struck out swinging. Sánchez reached on bunt single to pitcher. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Abreu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Minaya pitching for White Sox. Hicks singled to right. Goodrum walked, Hicks to second. McCann flied out to right, Hicks to third. Goodrum stole second. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hicks scored, Goodrum to third. Iglesias hit for Machado. Iglesias struck out swinging, Reyes stole second. Martín struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Goodrum at second base. Iglesias at shortstop. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Palka reached on infield single to shortstop. Thompson ran for Palka. Davidson singled to shallow right, Thompson to second. Rondón ran for Davidson. Narváez sacrificed to pitcher, Thompson to third, Rondón to second. Anderson intentionally walked. Tilson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Thompson out at home, Rondón to third, Anderson to second. Engel grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Thompson in right field. Minaya pitching for White Sox. Candelario struck out swinging. Castellanos struck out looking. Martínez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Greene pitching for Tigers. Moncada grounded out to second. Sánchez lined out to second. Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop. Thompson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 4 - White Sox 3.	Hicks, Martinez lead Tigers to 4-3 win over White Sox