White Sox - Top 1st. Morton pitching for Astros. Moncada lined out to right. Sánchez struck out looking. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Shields pitching for White Sox. Springer flied out to right. Bregman grounded out to shortstop. Altuve doubled to left. Gurriel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Morton pitching for Astros. García flied out to left. Palka struck out swinging. Davidson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Shields pitching for White Sox. Reddick struck out swinging. Gattis doubled to deep left. Tucker struck out looking. Stassi doubled to center, Gattis scored. González flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Morton pitching for Astros. Narváez struck out swinging. Anderson struck out swinging. Engel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Shields pitching for White Sox. Springer singled to left center. Bregman singled to center, Springer to second. Altuve lined out to center, Springer to third. Gurriel homered to left (361 feet), Springer and Bregman scored. Reddick grounded out to first. Gattis struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Morton pitching for Astros. Moncada singled to right. Sánchez doubled to deep right, Moncada to third. Abreu struck out swinging. García hit sacrifice fly to left, Moncada scored, Sánchez to third. Palka struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Shields pitching for White Sox. Tucker struck out swinging. Stassi struck out swinging. González lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Morton pitching for Astros. Davidson grounded out to third. Narváez grounded out to shortstop. Anderson safe at first on error by shortstop González. Anderson stole second. Engel popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 5th. Shields pitching for White Sox. Springer walked. Bregman struck out swinging, Springer stole second. Altuve singled to left, Springer to third. Altuve stole second. Gurriel walked. Reddick grounded into fielder's choice to first, Springer scored, Gurriel out at second, Altuve to third. Gattis singled to left, Altuve scored, Reddick to second. Reddick to third, Gattis to second on balk by Shields. Tucker struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Morton pitching for Astros. Moncada singled to deep right. Sánchez walked, Moncada to second. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sánchez out at second, Moncada to third. García grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Moncada out at home, Abreu to second. Palka walked, Abreu to third, García to second. Davidson singled to right, Abreu scored, García to third, Palka to second. Narváez doubled to deep left, García, Palka and Davidson scored. Harris pitching for Astros. Narváez to third on wild pitch by Harris. Anderson struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Shields pitching for White Sox. Stassi grounded out to third. González doubled to right. Springer struck out swinging. Bregman homered to left (358 feet), González scored. Rondón pitching for White Sox. Altuve walked. Gurriel lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Engel struck out looking. Moncada popped out to shortstop. Sánchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Rondon pitching for White Sox. Reddick struck out swinging. Gattis flied out to center. Tucker singled to right. Stassi singled to left center, Tucker to third. Fry pitching for White Sox. González singled to left, Tucker scored, Stassi to second. Springer struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Giles pitching for Astros. Abreu grounded out to second. García homered to left (419 feet). Palka flied out to right. Davidson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Fry pitching for White Sox. Bregman doubled to deep left. Altuve grounded out to shortstop, Bregman to third. Gurriel singled to center, Bregman scored. Reddick singled to left, Gurriel to second. Minaya pitching for White Sox. Gattis walked, Gurriel to third, Reddick to second. Tucker walked, Gurriel scored, Reddick to third, Gattis to second. Stassi singled to deep right, Reddick scored, Gattis to third, Tucker to second. González grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Stassi out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Smith pitching for Astros. Narváez singled to right. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Narváez out at second. Tilson hit for Engel. Tilson struck out looking. Moncada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 6 - Astros 12.	Gurriel, Bregman homer in Astros' 12-6 win over White Sox