Cardinals - Top 1st. Covey pitching for White Sox. Carpenter struck out looking. DeJong struck out swinging. Martínez walked. Ozuna grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Moncada struck out swinging. Sánchez struck out swinging. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Covey pitching for White Sox. Molina struck out swinging. Gyorko grounded out to shortstop. Fowler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Palka struck out looking. Davidson struck out swinging. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Covey pitching for White Sox. Muñoz grounded out to third. Wong grounded out to second. Carpenter singled to right. DeJong singled to right, Carpenter to second. Martínez singled to center, Carpenter scored, DeJong to third. Ozuna singled to right, DeJong scored, Martínez to second. Molina flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Narváez singled to center. Anderson doubled to deep left center, Narváez to third. Tilson singled to right, Narváez and Anderson scored. Moncada popped out to third. Tilson to second on wild pitch by Mikolas. Sánchez flied out to left. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Covey pitching for White Sox. Gyorko doubled to left. Fowler singled to shallow left, Gyorko to third. Muñoz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gyorko scored, Fowler out at second. Wong doubled to right, Muñoz thrown out at home. Carpenter struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Palka struck out swinging. Davidson lined out to right. García grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Covey pitching for White Sox. DeJong safe at first on error by shortstop Anderson. Martínez singled to center, DeJong to second. Ozuna flied out to center, DeJong to third. Molina hit sacrifice fly to center, DeJong scored, Martínez to second. Gyorko walked. Fowler grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Narváez grounded out to second. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Tilson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Covey pitching for White Sox. Muñoz singled to center. Fry pitching for White Sox. Wong reached on bunt single to catcher, Muñoz to second. Carpenter walked, Muñoz to third, Wong to second. DeJong struck out swinging. Rondón pitching for White Sox. Martínez flied out to right. Muñoz scored, Wong to third, Carpenter to second on passed ball by Narváez. Ozuna walked. Wong scored, Carpenter to third, Ozuna to second on wild pitch by Rondón. Molina walked. Gyorko walked, Carpenter scored, Ozuna to third, Molina to second. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Fowler homered to left center (393 feet), Ozuna, Molina and Gyorko scored. Muñoz flied out to center. 7 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Moncada walked. Sánchez popped out to second. Abreu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Moncada out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Wong singled to center. Carpenter singled to right, Wong to second. DeJong fouled out to first. Martínez walked, Wong to third, Carpenter to second. Ozuna flied out to right. Molina popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Peña catching. Cecil pitching for Cardinals. Palka popped out to second. Davidson grounded out to third. García singled to center. Narváez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Gyorko walked. Fowler struck out swinging. Muñoz lined out to shortstop. Wong homered to right center (409 feet), Gyorko scored. Carpenter struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Holland pitching for Cardinals. Anderson fouled out to first. Tilson walked. Moncada struck out looking. Sánchez hit ground rule double to deep right center, Tilson to third. Abreu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. DeJong reached on infield single to pitcher. Martínez doubled to deep right, DeJong scored. Ozuna grounded out to third. Peña struck out swinging. Gyorko flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Palka struck out swinging. Davidson struck out looking. García flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 14 - White Sox 2.	Fowler, Wong, Mikolas lead Cards to 14-2 rout of White Sox