White Sox - Top 1st. Lewicki pitching for Tigers. Delmonico grounded out to second. Sánchez doubled to deep left center. Sánchez caught stealing third, catcher to third. Abreu lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Candelario struck out swinging. Iglesias lined out to center. Castellanos singled to center. Goodrum grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Lewicki pitching for Tigers. Palka struck out swinging. García walked. Narváez walked, García to second. Anderson fouled out to first. Moncada struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Martínez grounded out to first. Adduci lined out to left. Mahtook grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Lewicki pitching for Tigers. Engel doubled to right center. Delmonico hit by pitch. Sánchez reached on bunt single to third, Engel to third, Delmonico to second. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center, Engel scored. Palka singled to left center, Delmonico scored, Sánchez to third, Palka to second advancing on throw. García hit sacrifice fly to center, Sánchez scored. Narváez lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for White Sox. McCann singled to left. McCann to second on wild pitch by López. Reyes grounded out to second, McCann to third. Candelario hit sacrifice fly to center, McCann scored. Iglesias grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Lewicki pitching for Tigers. Anderson grounded out to third. Moncada walked. Moncada caught stealing second, catcher to second. Engel popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Castellanos doubled to left. Goodrum flied out to center. Martínez doubled to deep right, Castellanos scored. Adduci lined out to right. Mahtook struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Lewicki pitching for Tigers. Delmonico singled to center. Sánchez struck out looking. Abreu lined out to center. Palka singled to right, Delmonico to second. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. García popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. McCann singled to center. Reyes walked, McCann to second. Candelario singled to right, McCann to third, Reyes to second. Iglesias grounded into double play, shortstop to first, McCann scored, Candelario out at second, Reyes to third. Castellanos doubled to left, Reyes scored. Goodrum hit by pitch. Martínez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Narváez homered to right (366 feet). Anderson struck out swinging. Moncada reached on bunt single to pitcher. Engel struck out swinging. Delmonico struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Gómez pitching for White Sox. Adduci singled to left center. Mahtook struck out looking. McCann struck out swinging. Reyes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Coleman pitching for Tigers. Sánchez grounded out to second. Abreu singled to center. Palka singled to right, Abreu to third. García lined out to center. Narváez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Gomez pitching for White Sox. Candelario walked. Iglesias popped out to shortstop. Castellanos homered to left (405 feet), Candelario scored. Avilán pitching for White Sox. Goodrum struck out swinging. Martínez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Anderson flied out to center. Moncada struck out looking. Engel homered to left (407 feet). Delmonico grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Avilan pitching for White Sox. Adduci lined out to right. Minaya pitching for White Sox. Mahtook flied out to right. McCann doubled to deep right center. Reyes singled to right, McCann scored, Reyes to second advancing on throw. Candelario intentionally walked. Iglesias walked, Reyes to third, Candelario to second. Castellanos singled to center, Reyes and Candelario scored, Iglesias to second. Iglesias to third, Castellanos to second on wild pitch by Minaya. Goodrum struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Alcántara pitching for Tigers. Sánchez struck out swinging. Abreu struck out swinging. Palka struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 5 - Tigers 9.	Castellanos has 5 hits, 5 RBIs in Tigers' win over White Sox