White Sox - Top 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Delmonico struck out swinging. Sánchez lined out to left. Abreu lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Candelario safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Davidson. Iglesias flied out to center. Castellanos grounded into double play, third to second to first, Candelario out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Palka singled to right. García fouled out to first. Narváez lined out to second. Moncada fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Goodrum struck out swinging. McCann struck out swinging. Rodríguez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Davidson singled to left. Engel flied out to center. Delmonico hit ground rule double to deep right center, Davidson to third. Sánchez singled to center, Davidson scored, Delmonico to third. Abreu reached on infield single to third, Delmonico scored, Sánchez to second. Palka grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Abreu out at second. García struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Mahtook walked. Greiner doubled to deep left, Mahtook to third. Reyes struck out swinging. Candelario hit by pitch. Iglesias singled to left center, Mahtook scored, Greiner to third, Candelario to second. Castellanos singled to left, Greiner and Candelario scored, Iglesias to second. Goodrum grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castellanos out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Narváez singled to left. Moncada struck out swinging. Davidson homered to left (370 feet), Narváez scored. Engel flied out to left. Delmonico fouled out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. McCann grounded out to pitcher. Rodríguez flied out to right. Mahtook flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Sánchez doubled to left center. Abreu homered to left (440 feet), Sánchez scored. Palka grounded out to first. García struck out swinging. Narváez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Greiner struck out looking. Reyes flied out to center. Candelario fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Moncada struck out swinging. Davidson singled to right center. Engel lined out to center. Delmonico safe at first on error by first baseman Rodríguez, Davidson to second. Sánchez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Delmonico out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Iglesias lined out to first. Castellanos singled to left. Goodrum grounded into double play, third to second to first, Castellanos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Palka struck out swinging. García grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. McCann lined out to center. Rodríguez singled to left. Mahtook struck out swinging. Greiner flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Coleman pitching for Tigers. Narváez walked. Moncada struck out swinging. Davidson struck out swinging. Engel popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Reyes struck out swinging. Candelario lined out to center. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Reininger pitching for Tigers. Delmonico flied out to left. Sánchez singled to right. Abreu singled to right, Sánchez to third. Palka grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sánchez out at home, Abreu to second. LaMarre ran for Palka. Abreu to third, LaMarre to second on wild pitch by Reininger. García flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. LaMarre in left field. Gómez pitching for White Sox. Castellanos walked. Goodrum reached on infield single to second, Castellanos to second. McCann struck out swinging. Martínez hit for Rodríguez. Avilán pitching for White Sox. Martínez singled to right, Castellanos to third, Goodrum to second. Gerber ran for Martínez. Mahtook grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castellanos scored, Gerber out at second, Goodrum to third. Greiner singled to left, Goodrum scored, Mahtook to second. Reyes flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 6 - Tigers 5.	Davidson, Abreu homer as White Sox hold off Tigers, 6-5