White Sox - Top 1st. Keller pitching for Royals. Moncada walked. Sánchez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Moncada out at second. Abreu struck out swinging. García grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sánchez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Covey pitching for White Sox. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. Mondesi grounded out to first. Gordon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Keller pitching for Royals. Palka singled to center. Delmonico singled to left, Palka to second. Castillo grounded out to third, Palka to third, Delmonico to second. Anderson grounded out to third. Engel grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Covey pitching for White Sox. Dozier struck out swinging. O'Hearn walked. Bonifacio grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, O'Hearn out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Keller pitching for Royals. Moncada grounded out to second. Sánchez doubled to left. Abreu grounded out to shortstop, Sánchez to third. García reached on infield single to shortstop, Sánchez scored. Palka struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Covey pitching for White Sox. Goodwin singled to center. Herrera walked, Goodwin to second. Viloria sacrificed to first, Goodwin to third, Herrera to second. Merrifield singled to right center, Goodwin scored, Herrera to third. Mondesi reached on bunt single to catcher, Herrera scored, Merrifield to second, Merrifield to third on throwing error by catcher Castillo. Mondesi stole second. Gordon hit sacrifice fly to right, Merrifield scored, Mondesi to third. Dozier grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 4th. Keller pitching for Royals. Delmonico grounded out to second. Castillo grounded out to third. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Covey pitching for White Sox. O'Hearn tripled to right. Bonifacio hit ground rule double to deep center, O'Hearn scored. Goodwin flied out to left. Herrera struck out swinging. Viloria flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Keller pitching for Royals. Engel struck out swinging. Moncada grounded out to second. Sánchez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Covey pitching for White Sox. Merrifield singled to right center. Merrifield stole second. Mondesi struck out looking. Gordon intentionally walked. Burr pitching for White Sox. Merrifield stole third. Gordon stole second. Dozier singled to center, Merrifield and Gordon scored. O'Hearn popped out to third. Dozier caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Bonifacio batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Keller pitching for Royals. Abreu grounded out to third. García flied out to right. Palka walked. Delmonico struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Burr pitching for White Sox. Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop. Goodwin singled to left. Herrera grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Goodwin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Keller pitching for Royals. Castillo popped out to second. Anderson struck out swinging. Engel grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Viloria grounded out to second. Merrifield grounded out to third. Mondesi reached on infield single to third. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Hill pitching for Royals. Moncada struck out looking. Sánchez grounded out to second. Newberry pitching for Royals. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Scahill pitching for White Sox. Dozier flied out to right. O'Hearn grounded out to shortstop. Bonifacio popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Newberry pitching for Royals. García flied out to right. Flynn pitching for Royals. Cordell hit for Palka. Cordell struck out swinging. LaMarre hit for Delmonico. LaMarre singled to center. Castillo walked, LaMarre to second. Anderson singled to right, LaMarre scored, Castillo to second. Rondón ran for Castillo. Peralta pitching for Royals. Engel walked, Rondón to third, Anderson to second. Moncada walked, Rondón scored, Anderson to third, Engel to second. Sánchez popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 3 - Royals 6.	Keller shuts down White Sox in Royals' 6-3 win