Indians - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Cabrera singled to right . Brantley singled to center , Cabrera to third . Choo walked , Brantley to second . Hafner hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored , Brantley to third , Choo to second . Peralta struck out swinging . LaPorta walked . Valbuena homered to right ( 341 feet ) , Brantley , Choo and LaPorta scored . Kearns struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Jackson walked . Jackson stole second . Kelly grounded out to pitcher . Ordonez flied out to left . Cabrera walked . Guillen grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Marson flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Brantley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Inge grounded out to third . Santiago struck out looking . Laird flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Choo flied out to center . Hafner walked . Peralta popped out to second . LaPorta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hafner out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Sizemore struck out swinging . Jackson struck out swinging . Kelly singled to right . Ordonez walked , Kelly to second . Cabrera singled to right , Kelly thrown out at home , Ordonez to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Valbuena singled to center . Kearns struck out looking . Marson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Valbuena out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Guillen struck out looking . Inge grounded out to shortstop . Santiago hit by pitch . Laird hit by pitch , Santiago to second . Sizemore grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Santiago out at third , Laird to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Brantley fouled out to third . Choo fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Jackson reached on infield single to pitcher . Kelly singled to left , Jackson to third . Ordonez flied out to right . Cabrera singled to left , Jackson scored , Kelly to second . Guillen struck out swinging . Inge struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Hafner singled to right . Peralta homered to left ( 428 feet ) , Hafner scored . LaPorta singled to left . Valbuena flied out to center . Kearns doubled to deep right , LaPorta to third . Marson lined out to second . Cabrera lined out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Santiago singled to left . Laird struck out looking . Sizemore singled to right , Santiago to second . Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop , Santiago to third , Sizemore to second . Kelly flied out to left . Ordonez singled to center , Santiago and Sizemore scored , Jackson to third . Cabrera walked , Ordonez to second . Guillen popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . Choo homered to left ( 380 feet ) . Hafner grounded out to third . Peralta grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Inge grounded out to shortstop . Santiago singled to right . Laird fouled out to first . Sizemore doubled to deep left center , Santiago scored . Jackson walked . Raburn walked , Sizemore to third , Jackson to second . Ordonez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . LaPorta grounded out to first . Valbuena grounded out to first . Kearns grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Cabrera singled to center . Guillen singled to left , Cabrera to second . Cabrera to third , Guillen to second on passed ball by Marson . Inge singled to left , Cabrera scored , Guillen to third . Santiago grounded into double play , third to second to first , Guillen scored , Inge out at second . Laird singled to left . Sizemore singled to center , Laird to second . Jackson lined out to center . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Marson singled to deep right center . Coke pitching for Tigers . Cabrera lined out to third . Brantley grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Marson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez singled to left . Cabrera walked , Ordonez to second . Guillen doubled to deep right , Ordonez scored , Cabrera to third . Inge grounded out to shortstop . Santiago walked . Damon walked , Cabrera scored , Guillen to third , Santiago to second . Guillen scored , Santiago to third , Damon to second on wild pitch by Perez . Sizemore batting . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 8 - Tigers 9 .	Tigers score 3 in 9th vs. Indians , reach 5 - 1