Tigers - Top 1st . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Jackson walked . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jackson out at second . Ordonez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Damon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Willis pitching for Tigers . Span struck out swinging . Hudson walked . Morneau struck out looking , Hudson stole second . Thome doubled to deep center , Hudson scored . Cuddyer walked . Young singled to right , Thome scored , Cuddyer to third . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Cabrera singled to center . Boesch grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cabrera out at second . Inge grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Boesch out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Willis pitching for Tigers . Ramos struck out swinging . Punto walked . Span singled to left center , Punto to second . Hudson grounded out to pitcher , Punto to third , Span to second . Morneau grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Sizemore grounded out to shortstop . Laird grounded out to shortstop . Everett popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Willis pitching for Tigers . Thome struck out swinging . Cuddyer grounded out to pitcher . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Jackson singled to right . Damon singled to right , Jackson to second . Ordonez singled to center , Jackson scored , Damon to third . Cabrera singled to left , Damon scored , Ordonez to second . Boesch popped out to shortstop . Inge lined out to center . Sizemore flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Willis pitching for Tigers . Hardy flied out to right . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Punto flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Laird grounded out to third . Everett hit ground rule double to left . Jackson grounded out to shortstop , Everett to third . Damon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Willis pitching for Tigers . Span grounded out to first . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Morneau struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Ordonez singled to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . Boesch grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ordonez out at second . Inge reached on infield single to shortstop , Boesch to second . Sizemore grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Boesch out at third , Inge to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Willis pitching for Tigers . Thome struck out swinging . Cuddyer doubled to deep right center . Young reached on infield single to third , Cuddyer to third . Hardy singled to center , Cuddyer scored , Young to second . Ramos grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hardy out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Avila grounded out to second . Everett flied out to right . Jackson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Punto struck out swinging . Span grounded out to first . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Damon grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Morneau reached on infield single to pitcher . Thome flied out to center . Cuddyer grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morneau out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Boesch homered to right ( 448 feet ) . Inge struck out swinging . Sizemore grounded out to pitcher . Avila doubled to deep left . Santiago reached on infield single to shortstop , Avila out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Perry pitching for Tigers . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hardy tripled to deep center . Hardy scored on Perry 's wild pitch . Ramos batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - Twins 4 .	Mourning Harwell , Tigers fall to Hardy , Twins