Angels - Top 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Abreu doubled to left . Aybar grounded out to first . Callaspo lined out to center . Matsui walked . Izturis walked , Abreu to third , Matsui to second . Rivera singled to left , Abreu and Matsui scored , Izturis to third . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rivera out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Kazmir pitching for Angels . Jackson reached on infield single to pitcher , Jackson to second on throwing error by pitcher Kazmir . Santiago grounded out to third . Jackson to third on wild pitch by Kazmir . Raburn grounded out to second , Jackson scored . Cabrera walked . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Wilson lined out to left . Bourjos grounded out to third . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Angels . Inge struck out swinging . Frazier fouled out to third . Laird lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Aybar struck out swinging , Aybar safe at first on wild pitch by Bonderman . Callaspo walked , Aybar to second . Matsui grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Callaspo out at second , Aybar to third . Izturis lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Angels . Rhymes grounded out to pitcher . Jackson struck out swinging . Santiago singled to right , Santiago out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Rivera grounded out to catcher . Napoli struck out swinging . Wilson singled to left . Bourjos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Kazmir pitching for Angels . Raburn flied out to center . Cabrera struck out looking . Peralta popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Abreu walked . Abreu to second on wild pitch by Bonderman . Aybar struck out swinging . Callaspo singled to center , Abreu scored . Thomas pitching for Tigers . Callaspo to second on wild pitch by Thomas . Matsui walked . Izturis doubled to deep right , Callaspo scored , Matsui to third . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Rivera walked . Napoli singled to left , Matsui scored , Izturis to third , Rivera to second . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Izturis scored , Napoli out at second , Rivera to third , Rivera scored on throwing error by shortstop Santiago . Bourjos lined out to right . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Kazmir pitching for Angels . Inge lined out to right . Frazier reached on infield single to shortstop . Laird grounded out to third , Frazier to second . Rhymes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Abreu lined out to left . Aybar reached on infield single to first . Callaspo singled to left , Aybar to second . Matsui grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Callaspo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Jackson grounded out to third . Santiago flied out to left . Raburn walked . Cabrera singled to left , Raburn to second . Peralta flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Izturis singled to right . Rivera doubled to deep left , Izturis to third . Napoli doubled to deep right center , Izturis and Rivera scored . Gonzalez pitching for Tigers . Wilson struck out swinging . Bourjos flied out to center , Napoli to third . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Kelly hit for Inge . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Kelly grounded out to pitcher . Frazier flied out to center . Laird grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Raburn at third base . Boesch in right field . Kelly at first base . Gonzalez pitching for Tigers . Aybar homered to right ( 365 feet ) . Callaspo singled to right . Matsui walked , Callaspo to second . Wood hit for Izturis . Wood grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Matsui out at second , Callaspo to third . Rivera grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Wood out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Willits in left field . Callaspo at second base . Wood at third base . Kohn pitching for Angels . Rhymes grounded out to pitcher . Jackson safe at first on error by first baseman Napoli . Santiago lined out to left . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 9th . Gonzalez pitching for Tigers . Napoli fouled out to right . Wilson flied out to right . Bourjos lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Boesch struck out swinging . Peralta lined out to center . Kelly grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 10 - Tigers 1 .	Kazmir lifts Angels past Tigers in return from DL