Tigers - Top 1st . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Rhymes doubled to left . Santiago bunted into double play , pitcher to third to shortstop to second to shortstop to second to shortstop to second , Rhymes out at third , Santiago out at second . Damon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Figaro pitching for Tigers . Lewis walked . Lewis stole second . Escobar singled to left , Lewis to third . Bautista tripled to deep center , Lewis and Escobar scored . Wells grounded out to shortstop , Bautista scored . Lind singled to right . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lind out at second . Snider lined out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera homered to left ( 440 feet ) . Boesch struck out swinging . Raburn reached on infield single to second . Inge struck out swinging . Kelly struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Figaro pitching for Tigers . Encarnacion flied out to center . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Lewis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Avila walked . Rhymes struck out looking . Santiago struck out swinging . Damon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Figaro pitching for Tigers . Escobar singled to right . Bautista flied out to center . Wells struck out swinging . Lind doubled to right , Escobar scored . Hill popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera flied out to left . Boesch struck out swinging . Raburn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Figaro pitching for Tigers . Snider doubled to deep right center . Encarnacion singled to center , Snider to third . Molina popped out to first . Lewis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Snider out at home , Encarnacion to second . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lewis out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Inge safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Encarnacion . Kelly fouled out to third . Avila singled to right , Inge to third . Rhymes grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Inge out at home , Avila to second . Santiago struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Figaro pitching for Tigers . Bautista walked . Wells grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bautista out at second . Lind flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Damon reached on infield single to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Damon out at second . Boesch struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Figaro pitching for Tigers . Hill doubled to deep right , Hill to third on error by right fielder Boesch . Thomas pitching for Tigers . Snider doubled to deep center , Hill scored . Encarnacion grounded out to second . Molina struck out swinging . Lewis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 7th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Raburn grounded out to third . Inge struck out swinging . Kelly struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Bautista doubled to deep center , Bautista out stretching at third . Wells flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . McDonald at third base . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Avila struck out swinging . Wells hit for Rhymes . Wells singled to center . Santiago walked , Wells to second . Damon struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Wells in left field . Raburn at second base . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Lind struck out looking . Hill struck out swinging . Snider singled to center . McDonald singled to center , Snider to second . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Jackson hit for Boesch . Jackson hit by pitch . Raburn hit ground rule double to deep right , Jackson to third . Inge struck out swinging . Peralta hit for Kelly . Peralta walked . Avila grounded out to first , Jackson scored , Raburn to third , Peralta to second . Gregg pitching for Blue Jays . Wells doubled to center , Raburn and Peralta scored . Santiago struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 4 - Blue Jays 5 .	Blue Jays hold off Tigers