White Sox - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Pierre grounded out to first . Vizquel struck out looking . Rios grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Jackson walked . Rhymes singled to shallow left , Jackson to second . Damon singled to right , Jackson scored , Rhymes to third . Raburn grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rhymes scored , Damon out at second . Boesch grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Konerko grounded out to third . Ramirez flied out to right . Quentin popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Peralta flied out to center . Kelly singled to center . Inge reached on infield single to shortstop , Kelly to second . Avila flied out to left . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Castro grounded out to third . Ramirez popped out to first . Morel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Rhymes singled to left . Damon singled to right , Rhymes to third , Damon to second on throwing error by right fielder Quentin . Raburn grounded out to shortstop , Rhymes scored . Boesch grounded out to shortstop , Damon to third . Peralta singled to right center , Damon scored . Kelly flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel singled to right . Rios homered to left ( 391 feet ) , Vizquel scored . Konerko lined out to shortstop . Ramirez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Inge grounded out to third . Avila singled to right . Jackson struck out swinging . Rhymes singled to right , Avila to second . Damon reached on infield single to shortstop , Avila to third , Rhymes to second . Raburn reached on infield single to second , Avila scored , Rhymes to third , Damon to second . Boesch grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Damon out at third , Raburn to second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Quentin popped out to first . Castro grounded out to third . Ramirez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Peralta grounded out to pitcher . Kelly grounded out to third . Inge flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Morel flied out to center . Pierre grounded out to first . Vizquel singled to right center . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vizquel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Avila flied out to center . Jackson struck out looking . Rhymes lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Konerko singled to center . Konerko to second on wild pitch by Porcello . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Quentin grounded out to second , Konerko to third . Konerko scored on Porcello 's wild pitch . Castro grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Damon singled to left . Raburn singled to center , Damon to second . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Wells hit for Boesch . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Raburn out at second , Damon to third . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to left , Damon scored . Kelly struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Wells in right field . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Ramirez grounded out to third . Kotsay hit for Morel . Kotsay flied out to left . Pierre flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Vizquel at third base . Lillibridge at second base . Santos pitching for White Sox . Inge flied out to right . Avila struck out swinging . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Perry pitching for Tigers . Vizquel walked . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vizquel out at second . Konerko flied out to left . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rios out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 3 - Tigers 6 .	Tigers beat ChiSox again