Indians - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Cabrera flied out to right. Sizemore singled to right. Choo singled to center, Sizemore to second. Sizemore caught stealing third, pitcher to third, Choo to second on runner's fielder's choice. Kearns lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Pennington singled to center. Barton singled to right, Pennington to second. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to second, Barton out at second, Pennington to third. Chavez doubled to right, Pennington and Sweeney scored. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Gross grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Peralta flied out to left. Branyan struck out swinging. LaPorta popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Fox struck out swinging. Patterson grounded out to second. Rosales struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Valbuena grounded out to first. Marson grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to right. Sizemore singled to left center, Cabrera to third. Choo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Pennington walked. Barton struck out looking. Sweeney walked, Pennington to second. Chavez singled to right, Pennington scored, Sweeney to third. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Kearns flied out to right. Peralta walked. Branyan doubled to deep left, Peralta to third. LaPorta struck out swinging. Valbuena walked. Marson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Gross grounded out to first. Fox grounded out to shortstop. Patterson homered to center (405 feet). Rosales walked. Pennington grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Cabrera flied out to left. Sizemore grounded out to shortstop. Choo fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Barton singled to center. Sweeney singled to left, Barton to third. Chavez walked, Sweeney to second. Kouzmanoff doubled to deep right center, Barton, Sweeney and Chavez scored. Kouzmanoff out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Gross tripled to deep center. Fox singled to center, Gross scored. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fox out at second. Rosales grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Patterson out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Kearns grounded out to third. Peralta lined out to pitcher. Branyan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Laffey pitching for Indians. Pennington fouled out to third. Barton doubled to left. Sweeney grounded out to first, Barton to third. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. LaPorta fouled out to first. Valbuena struck out swinging. Marson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Smith pitching for Indians. Kouzmanoff walked. Gross flied out to left. Fox doubled to deep left, Kouzmanoff to third. Patterson tripled to deep center, Kouzmanoff and Fox scored. Rosales singled to left, Patterson scored. Pennington flied out to center. Davis struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Kilby pitching for Athletics. Cabrera flied out to left. Sizemore grounded out to shortstop. Choo singled to center. Kearns struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Lewis pitching for Indians. Sweeney flied out to left. Chavez grounded out to first. Kouzmanoff singled to shallow left. Gross lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Peralta doubled to center. Marte struck out swinging. LaPorta struck out looking. Valbuena grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 0 - Athletics 11.	A's dismantle Indians as Chavez leads charge