Indians - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Cabrera grounded out to second. Sizemore walked. Choo struck out swinging. Kearns grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Talbot pitching for Indians. Aybar grounded out to first. Abreu flied out to left. Hunter grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Peralta doubled to deep left center. Grudzielanek struck out looking. Marte walked. LaPorta singled to right, Peralta to third, Marte to second. Marson grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Peralta out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Talbot pitching for Indians. Matsui grounded out to first. Morales grounded out to second. Rivera lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Cabrera doubled to left. Sizemore flied out to left. Choo singled to right, Cabrera scored, Choo to second advancing on throw. Kearns doubled to center, Choo scored. Peralta singled to left, Kearns to third. Grudzielanek grounded into double play, third to second to first, Peralta out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Talbot pitching for Indians. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Napoli lined out to left. Wood singled to left. Aybar singled to right, Wood to third. Abreu singled to right, Wood scored, Aybar to third. Hunter popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Marte singled to left. LaPorta singled to center, Marte to second. Marson sacrificed to pitcher, Marte to third, LaPorta to second. Cabrera walked. Sizemore lined into double play, second to shortstop, LaPorta doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Talbot pitching for Indians. Matsui walked. Morales grounded out to first, Matsui to second. Rivera struck out looking. Kendrick singled to right, Matsui thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Choo grounded out to first. Kearns homered to center (397 feet). Peralta walked. Grudzielanek flied out to center. Marte grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Talbot pitching for Indians. Napoli grounded out to third. Wood flied out to right. Aybar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Palmer pitching for Angels. LaPorta flied out to left. Marson walked. Cabrera singled to right, Marson to second. Sizemore grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera out at second, Marson to third. Choo singled to center, Marson scored, Sizemore to second. Kearns grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sizemore out at third, Choo to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Talbot pitching for Indians. Abreu flied out to left. Hunter reached on bunt single to third. Matsui walked, Hunter to second. Morales walked, Hunter to third, Matsui to second. Rivera lined out to left. Kendrick lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Peralta flied out to center. Grudzielanek reached on infield single to shortstop. Marte flied out to left. LaPorta popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Talbot pitching for Indians. Napoli grounded out to third. Wood singled to left. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wood out at second. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Marson singled to left. Cabrera singled to center, Marson to second. Marson to third, Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Palmer. Sizemore grounded out to first. Choo intentionally walked. Kearns doubled to right, Marson, Cabrera and Choo scored, Kearns to third advancing on throw. Peralta walked. Grudzielanek singled to left, Kearns scored, Peralta to second. Peralta to third, Grudzielanek to second on wild pitch by Shields. Marte flied out to center. LaPorta grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Lewis pitching for Indians. Hunter walked. Matsui flied out to left. Morales struck out looking. Rivera singled to left, Hunter to second. Kendrick singled to left, Hunter to third, Rivera to second. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Stokes pitching for Angels. Marson doubled to deep right center. Cabrera singled to right, Marson to third. Sizemore hit sacrifice fly to center, Marson scored. Choo grounded out to first, Cabrera to second. Kearns grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Smith pitching for Indians. Wood homered to left (375 feet). Aybar grounded out to second. Willits lined out to left. Quinlan grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 9 - Angels 2.	Kearns powers Indians to victory against Angels