Twins - Top 1st. Huff pitching for Indians. Span reached on infield single to second. Hudson homered to left center, Span scored. Cuddyer popped out to first. Morneau doubled to deep center. Thome struck out swinging. Young singled to right, Morneau thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Liriano pitching for Twins. Cabrera reached on infield single to pitcher, Cabrera to third on throwing error by pitcher Liriano. Sizemore grounded out to second, Cabrera scored. Choo singled to center. Kearns walked, Choo to second. Choo stole third. Choo scored, Kearns to second on balk by Liriano. Peralta walked. Grudzielanek grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peralta out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 2nd. Huff pitching for Indians. Hardy fouled out to first. Ramos singled to left. Punto flied out to left. Span grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Marte struck out looking. LaPorta grounded out to shortstop. Marson doubled to deep right center. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Huff pitching for Indians. Hudson flied out to right. Cuddyer flied out to left. Morneau doubled to deep left. Thome walked. Young walked, Morneau to third, Thome to second. Hardy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Sizemore struck out swinging. Choo struck out looking. Kearns struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Huff pitching for Indians. Ramos singled to center. Punto popped out to second. Span flied out to left. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Peralta struck out swinging. Grudzielanek singled to center. Marte walked, Grudzielanek to second. LaPorta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Marte out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Huff pitching for Indians. Cuddyer flied out to right. Morneau grounded out to second. Thome homered to center. Young homered to left center. Hardy flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Marson singled to center. Cabrera singled to right center, Marson to second. Sizemore grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera out at second, Marson to third. Choo struck out swinging. Kearns doubled to deep right, Marson scored, Sizemore thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Huff pitching for Indians. Ramos singled to deep left. Punto sacrificed to first, Ramos to second. Span walked. Hudson singled to right, Ramos to third, Span to second. Cuddyer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hudson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Peralta flied out to left. Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Wright pitching for Indians. Morneau grounded out to third. Thome walked. Young singled to left, Thome to second. Hardy singled to center, Casilla to third, Young to second. Ramos flied out to right. Punto singled to right, Casilla and Young scored, Hardy to third. Span walked, Punto to second. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Span out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Liriano pitching for Twins. LaPorta popped out to second. Marson grounded out to third. Cabrera doubled to deep left. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Laffey pitching for Indians. Cuddyer flied out to center. Morneau flied out to right. Casilla reached on infield single to catcher. Young singled to right, Casilla to third. Hardy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Crain pitching for Twins. Choo grounded out to shortstop. Kearns doubled to deep right. Peralta grounded out to third. Grudzielanek walked. Branyan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Ambriz pitching for Indians. Ramos doubled to deep center. Punto singled to center, Ramos scored. Span singled to center, Punto to second. Hudson singled to right, Punto to third, Span to second. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Punto scored on error by catcher Marson, Span to third, Hudson to second. Morneau fouled out to third. Casilla struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 9th. Rauch pitching for Twins. LaPorta struck out looking. Marson grounded out to second. Cabrera popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 8 - Indians 3.	Twins earn win behind Ramos' four-hit debut