Indians - Top 1st. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Crowe popped out to third. Cabrera grounded out to first. Choo safe at first on error by second baseman Rhymes. Choo stole second. Hafner safe at first on error by right fielder Boesch, Choo scored. Nix struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Jackson doubled to deep right. Rhymes sacrificed to first, Jackson to third. Raburn doubled to left, Jackson scored. Cabrera intentionally walked. Boesch grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second, Raburn to third. Raburn scored, Boesch to second on wild pitch by Tomlin, Boesch safe at third on throwing error by catcher Gimenez. Peralta flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Duncan grounded out to shortstop. LaPorta popped out to shortstop. Donald struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Inge flied out to right. Avila popped out to third. Kelly lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Gimenez walked. Crowe singled to center, Gimenez to second. Cabrera reached on bunt single to catcher, Gimenez to third, Crowe to second. Choo struck out swinging. Hafner singled to left, Gimenez scored, Crowe to third, Cabrera to second. Nix grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hafner out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Jackson grounded out to second. Rhymes grounded out to second. Raburn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Duncan fouled out to third. LaPorta flied out to left. Donald flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Boesch fouled out to left. Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop, Cabrera to third. Inge hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored. Avila flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Gimenez walked. Crowe grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gimenez out at second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Kelly homered to right (391 feet). Jackson hit ground rule double to deep left center. Rhymes flied out to right. Raburn grounded out to second, Jackson to third. Cabrera intentionally walked. Boesch doubled to deep right, Jackson scored, Cabrera to third. Peralta popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Choo lined out to center. Hafner singled to center. Nix struck out swinging. Duncan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Avila struck out swinging. Kelly struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. LaPorta grounded out to shortstop. Donald struck out swinging. Gimenez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Germano pitching for Indians. Jackson grounded out to third. Rhymes bunt grounded out to pitcher. Raburn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Crowe grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera bunt grounded out to pitcher. Choo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Indians. Cabrera flied out to center. Boesch reached on infield single to second, Boesch to second on throwing error by second baseman Donald. Peralta grounded out to second, Boesch to third. Inge walked. Avila walked, Inge to second. Kelly flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 9th. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Hafner flied out to left. Nix struck out looking. Duncan popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 2 - Tigers 5.	Tigers' Scherzer breaks through against Indians