Padres - Top 1st. Nomo pitching for Dodgers. Burroughs singled to left. Loretta flied out to left. Giles singled to right center, Burroughs to third. Nevin flied out to right. Klesko popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Roberts grounded out to first. Izturis singled to left. Bradley singled to center, Izturis to second. Green struck out swinging. Lo Duca flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Nomo pitching for Dodgers. Payton grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez popped out to second. Greene flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Encarnacion doubled to left. Beltre grounded out to third. Cora walked. Nomo struck out swinging. Roberts walked, Encarnacion to third, Cora to second. Izturis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Nomo pitching for Dodgers. Lawrence doubled to deep left. Burroughs sacrificed to pitcher, Lawrence to third. Loretta singled to left, Lawrence scored. Giles flied out to center. Nevin fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Bradley singled to right. Green grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bradley out at second. Lo Duca singled to center. Encarnacion doubled to deep left, Lo Duca to third. Beltre grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Nomo pitching for Dodgers. Klesko grounded out to first. Payton struck out swinging. Hernandez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Cora flied out to center. Nomo struck out swinging. Roberts grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Nomo pitching for Dodgers. Greene lined out to shortstop. Lawrence singled to left. Burroughs hit by pitch, Lawrence to second. Loretta flied out to center. Giles walked, Lawrence to third, Burroughs to second. Nevin homered to left, Lawrence, Burroughs and Giles scored. Klesko walked. Robinson ran for Klesko. Payton homered to left, Robinson scored. Robinson in left field. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Izturis grounded out to second. Bradley flied out to left. Green homered to right. Lo Duca singled to center. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lo Duca out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Long hit for Lawrence. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Greene flied out to right. Long grounded out to second. Valdez pitching for Padres. Burroughs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Valdez pitching for Padres. Beltre singled to center. Grabowski hit for Sanchez. Cora fouled out to first. Grabowski singled to shallow right, Beltre to second. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to first, Grabowski out at second, Beltre to third. Izturis singled to center, Beltre scored, Roberts to second. Oropesa pitching for Padres. Roberts stole third. Bradley walked, Izturis to second. Alvarez pitching for Dodgers. Green popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Alvarez pitching for Dodgers. Loretta singled to right center. Giles flied out to center. Nevin singled to left, Loretta to second. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nevin out at second, Loretta to third. Payton walked, Robinson to second. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Hernandez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Lo Duca singled to right. Encarnacion singled to center, Lo Duca to second. Beltre grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Encarnacion out at second. Cora grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Alvarez pitching for Dodgers. Greene singled to left. Linebrink sacrificed to third, Greene to second. Burroughs singled to center, Greene scored. Osuna pitching for Padres. Werth hit for Alvarez. Loretta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Burroughs out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Osuna pitching for Padres. Werth struck out looking. Roberts singled to right center. Izturis flied out to left. Bradley walked, Roberts to second. Dreifort pitching for Dodgers. Green grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Dreifort pitching for Dodgers. Giles grounded out to pitcher. Nevin grounded out to shortstop. Robinson singled to left. Robinson to second on passed ball by Lo Duca. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Robinson out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Witasick pitching for Padres. Lo Duca walked. Encarnacion grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lo Duca out at second. Ventura hit for Cora. Beltre singled to center. Beltre to second on fielder's indifference. Ventura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 8 - Dodgers 2.	Padres spoil Dodgers' opener under McCourt