Dodgers - Top 1st. Roberts reached on infield single to pitcher. Izturis struck out looking. Bradley grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Roberts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Burroughs struck out looking. Loretta lined out to third. Giles grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Green lined out to center. Green to second on passed ball by Hernandez. Lo Duca singled to right, Green scored. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lo Duca out at second. Beltre struck out swinging. Encarnacion caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Cora batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Nevin singled to left. Klesko singled to left, Nevin to second. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Klesko out at second, Nevin to third. Hernandez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Payton out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Cora grounded out to shortstop. Weaver struck out swinging. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Greene struck out swinging. Eaton grounded out to second. Burroughs flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Izturis singled to left. Bradley flied out to left. Green grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Loretta walked. Giles singled to right, Loretta to second. Nevin singled to left, Loretta to third, Giles to second. Klesko singled to center, Loretta scored, Giles to third, Nevin to second. Payton reached on infield single to pitcher, Giles scored, Nevin to third, Klesko to second. Hernandez singled to right center, Nevin and Klesko scored, Payton to third. Greene struck out swinging. Eaton grounded out to third, Payton scored, Hernandez to second. Lima pitching for Dodgers. Burroughs singled to left, Hernandez scored, Burroughs to second on error by left fielder Roberts. Loretta flied out to center. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 5th. Lo Duca singled to left. Encarnacion struck out looking. Beltre popped out to second. Cora flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Giles fouled out to catcher. Nevin grounded out to third. Grabowski hit for Lima. Klesko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Grabowski flied out to center. Roberts struck out swinging. Dreifort pitching for Dodgers. Izturis fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Payton struck out swinging. Hernandez grounded out to third. Greene grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Bradley grounded out to first. Green homered to center. Lo Duca lined out to right. Encarnacion flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Eaton walked. Burroughs singled to center, Eaton to second. Eaton stole third, Burroughs stole second. Loretta doubled to right, Eaton and Burroughs scored. Giles struck out swinging. Nevin grounded out to shortstop, Loretta to third. Valdez pitching for Padres. Long in left field. Klesko flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Beltre hit ground rule double to deep right center. Ventura hit for Dreifort. Cora grounded out to first, Beltre to third. Ventura grounded out to second, Beltre scored. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Roberts popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Payton walked. Hernandez popped out to second. Greene grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Payton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Izturis flied out to left. Bradley flied out to right. Green grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 3 - Padres 8.	San Diego 8, Los Angeles 3