Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Alvarez pitching for Dodgers. Kata flied out to left. Cintron grounded out to second. Gonzalez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Izturis lined out to second. Lo Duca lined out to right. Bradley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Alvarez pitching for Dodgers. Bautista singled to center. Finley struck out looking. Hillenbrand grounded out to second, Bautista to second. Tracy walked. Hammock singled to center, Bautista scored, Tracy to second. Johnson flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Green struck out swinging. Beltre popped out to first. Falkenborg pitching for Dodgers. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Falkenborg pitching for Dodgers. Kata walked. Kata stole second. Cintron grounded out to second, Kata to third. Gonzalez fouled out to third. Bautista singled to right, Kata scored. Finley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bautista out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Saenz struck out swinging. Hernandez doubled to deep center. Falkenborg struck out looking. Izturis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Falkenborg pitching for Dodgers. Hillenbrand struck out looking. Tracy grounded out to shortstop. Hammock grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Lo Duca flied out to right. Bradley lined out to right. Green grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Falkenborg pitching for Dodgers. Johnson struck out swinging. Kata struck out looking. Cintron singled to center. Gonzalez homered to right, Cintron scored. Bautista struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Beltre grounded out to third. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Saenz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Falkenborg pitching for Dodgers. Finley struck out swinging. Hillenbrand singled to center. Tracy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hillenbrand out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Thurston hit for Falkenborg. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernandez doubled to deep right center. Thurston fouled out to third. Izturis singled to center, Hernandez scored. Lo Duca singled to center, Izturis to third. Bradley fouled out to right. Martin pitching for Dodgers. Green grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Martin pitching for Dodgers. Hammock struck out looking. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. Kata grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Beltre doubled to deep center. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Saenz walked. Ross hit for Martin. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Ventura hit for Ross. Hernandez singled to center, Beltre scored, Saenz to second. Ventura flied out to right, Saenz to third. Izturis singled to right, Saenz scored, Hernandez to second. Dreifort pitching for Dodgers. Lo Duca flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Dreifort pitching for Dodgers. Cintron walked. Cintron to second on wild pitch by Dreifort. Gonzalez struck out looking. Cintron to third on wild pitch by Dreifort. Bautista walked. Finley hit sacrifice fly to left, Cintron scored, Bautista to second. Hillenbrand reached on infield single to third, Bautista to third. Tracy flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Bradley struck out swinging. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Green singled to right. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Beltre struck out looking. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to third, Green out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Hammock homered to left. Dessens grounded out to second. Kata reached on infield single to second. Cintron grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kata out at second. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cintron out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Saenz grounded out to third. Grabowski hit for Sanchez. Hernandez singled to right. Grabowski fouled out to first. Izturis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Dodgers 3.	Big Unit stands tall against struggling Dodgers