Yankees - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Dodgers. Williams singled to right. Jeter bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Williams out at second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Giambi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Roberts flied out to right. Izturis doubled to center. Bradley hit by pitch. Green flied out to center, Izturis to third, Bradley to second. Lo Duca struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Dodgers. Sheffield fouled out to shortstop. Posada doubled to deep right. Matsui flied out to left, Posada to third. Cairo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Beltre singled to right. Encarnacion struck out looking. Beltre caught stealing second, catcher to second to first. Cora flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Dodgers. Vazquez doubled to deep right. Vazquez to third on wild pitch by Weaver. Williams singled to center, Vazquez scored. Jeter singled to right, Williams to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jeter out at second, Williams to third. Rodriguez stole second. Giambi singled to right, Williams and Rodriguez scored. Sheffield popped out to shortstop. Posada grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Weaver singled to right. Roberts flied out to center. Izturis doubled to right center, Weaver to third. Bradley struck out looking. Green flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Dodgers. Matsui struck out looking. Cairo fouled out to first. Vazquez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop. Beltre doubled to deep right. Encarnacion walked. Cora grounded into fielder's choice to first, Beltre to third, Encarnacion safe at second on error by first baseman Giambi. Weaver struck out swinging. Beltre scored, Encarnacion to third, Cora to second on wild pitch by Vazquez. Roberts singled to center, Encarnacion and Cora scored. Izturis grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Dodgers. Williams popped out to shortstop. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Bradley flied out to center. Green struck out looking. Lo Duca flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Weaver pitching for Dodgers. Giambi struck out looking. Sheffield singled to center. Posada walked, Sheffield to second. Matsui grounded out to first, Sheffield to third, Posada to second. Cairo intentionally walked. Vazquez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Beltre singled to center. Beltre to second on wild pitch by Vazquez. Beltre to third on wild pitch by Vazquez. Encarnacion doubled to deep left, Beltre scored. Grabowski hit for Weaver. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Cora reached on bunt single to pitcher, Encarnacion scored on throwing error by pitcher Vazquez. Grabowski flied out to right. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cora out at second. Dreifort pitching for Dodgers. Izturis flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Dreifort pitching for Dodgers. Williams struck out swinging. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Bradley walked. Bradley stole second. Green grounded out to second, Bradley to third. Lo Duca singled to left center, Bradley scored. Beltre flied out to center. Mota pitching for Dodgers. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lo Duca out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Mota pitching for Dodgers. Giambi struck out swinging. Sheffield struck out swinging. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Posada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Ventura hit for Mota. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Cora struck out swinging. Ventura singled to center. Roberts lined out to left. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Izturis popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Lofton hit for Cairo. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Matsui singled to center. Sierra hit for Quantrill. Lofton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Matsui out at second. Lofton to second on fielder's indifference. Sierra grounded out to second, Lofton to third. Williams struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 3 - Dodgers 6.	Ex-Yankee Weaver helps Dodgers defeat NY