Dodgers - Top 1st. Roberts grounded out to second. Izturis struck out swinging. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Durham tripled to deep center. Tucker singled to right, Durham scored. Grissom grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tucker out at second. Bonds walked. Alfonzo flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Green grounded out to first. Lo Duca grounded out to third. Beltre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Cruz doubled to left. Feliz popped out to first. Torrealba walked. Hermanson sacrificed to catcher, Cruz to third, Torrealba to second. Durham grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Encarnacion popped out to shortstop. Cora grounded out to first. Ishii flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Tucker grounded out to first. Grissom grounded out to third. Bonds grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Izturis struck out swinging. Bradley doubled to deep left center. Green grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Alfonzo flied out to right. Cruz doubled to left. Feliz doubled to left, Cruz scored. Torrealba flied out to center. Hermanson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Lo Duca grounded out to first. Beltre walked. Encarnacion homered to left, Beltre scored. Cora walked. Ishii bunted into double play, catcher to shortstop to first, Cora out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Durham singled to left center. Tucker singled to right, Durham to third. Grissom singled to right, Durham scored, Tucker to second. Bonds grounded out to first, Tucker to third, Grissom to second. Alfonzo grounded out to second, Tucker scored, Grissom to third. Cruz singled to left center, Grissom scored. Feliz fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Roberts reached on bunt single to pitcher. Walker pitching for Giants. Izturis singled to right, Roberts to third. Bradley singled to left, Roberts scored, Izturis to second. Green walked, Izturis to third, Bradley to second. Lo Duca popped out to shortstop. Beltre hit sacrifice fly to right, Izturis scored. Encarnacion walked, Bradley to third, Green to second. Alvarez pitching for Dodgers. Hernandez at second base. Cora grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Perez hit for Walker. Torrealba struck out swinging. Perez struck out swinging. Brower pitching for Giants. Durham lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Hernandez struck out swinging. Roberts hit by pitch. Izturis singled to right, Roberts to third. Bradley reached on bunt single to first, Roberts scored, Izturis to second. Green struck out swinging. Lo Duca lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Tucker singled to right. Grissom grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tucker out at second. Dreifort pitching for Dodgers. Bonds doubled to left, Grissom to third. Alfonzo singled to right, Grissom and Bonds scored, Alfonzo to second on error by right fielder Encarnacion. Cruz doubled to left, Alfonzo scored. Feliz grounded out to shortstop, Cruz to third. Torrealba struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 8th. Beltre grounded out to third. Grabowski hit for Dreifort. Encarnacion fouled out to first. Martin pitching for Dodgers. Mohr hit for Brower. Grabowski lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Mohr walked. Durham singled to center, Mohr to second. Tucker sacrificed to catcher, Mohr to third, Durham to second. Grissom fouled out to first. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Bonds intentionally walked. Alfonzo doubled to deep center, Mohr, Durham and Bonds scored. Eyre pitching for Giants. Ransom at shortstop. Mohr in left field. Cruz singled to right, Alfonzo tagged out at home. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Hernandez flied out to center. Roberts flied out to left. Izturis lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 5 - Giants 11.	Leadership: Giants take West