Dodgers - Top 1st. Izturis lined out to first. Cora struck out looking. Finley popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 1st. Wilkerson flied out to center. Gonzalez reached on infield single to third. Batista grounded out to third, Gonzalez to second. Rivera singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Rivera to second advancing on throw. Church flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Beltre struck out swinging. Green grounded out to third. Choi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 2nd. Diaz homered to left. Chavez reached on infield single to shortstop, Chavez to second on throwing error by shortstop Izturis. Chavez stole third. Carroll singled to center, Chavez scored. Kim sacrificed to pitcher, Carroll to second. Wilkerson grounded out to shortstop, Carroll to third. Gonzalez homered to left center, Carroll scored. Batista grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Werth walked. Mayne grounded into fielder's choice to first, Werth safe at second on error by first baseman Wilkerson. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Werth scored on throwing error by pitcher Kim, Mayne safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Kim. Izturis walked, Perez to second. Cora popped out to shortstop. Finley grounded into double play, second to first, Izturis out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Expos - Bottom 3rd. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Church flied out to right. Diaz reached on infield single to first. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Diaz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Beltre singled to center. Green grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beltre out at second. Choi singled to right. Werth lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 4th. Carroll doubled to left. Kim sacrificed to pitcher, Carroll to third. Wilkerson homered to right, Carroll scored. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Batista lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Grabowski hit for Perez. Mayne flied out to left. Grabowski struck out swinging. Brazoban pitching for Dodgers. Izturis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 5th. Rivera struck out swinging. Church flied out to center. Diaz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Cora singled to left. Finley popped out to first. Beltre struck out looking. Eischen pitching for Expos. Saenz hit for Choi. Green hit by pitch, Cora to second. Saenz at first base. Saenz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 6th. Chavez grounded out to second. Carroll singled to right center. Eischen sacrificed to pitcher, Carroll to second. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Werth singled to left. Hernandez hit for Brazoban. Mayne struck out swinging. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Werth out at second. Izturis singled to center, Hernandez to second. Cora hit by pitch, Hernandez to third, Izturis to second. Ayala pitching for Expos. Finley doubled to deep center, Hernandez, Izturis and Cora scored. Beltre singled to right, Finley scored. Ventura hit for Saenz. Green singled to right, Beltre to second. Ventura walked, Beltre to third, Green to second. Ventura at first base. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Werth grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ventura out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Batista grounded out to third. Rivera fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Bradley hit for Sanchez. Mayne lined out to shortstop. Bradley grounded out to first. Carrara pitching for Dodgers. Izturis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 8th. Church struck out swinging. Diaz lined out to third. Cordero pitching for Expos. Schneider catching. Chavez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Cora flied out to center. Finley singled to right center. Beltre homered to right, Finley scored. Green flied out to center. Ventura flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 9th. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. Schneider doubled to right. Wilkerson intentionally walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Batista walked, Schneider to third, Wilkerson to second. Rivera walked, Schneider scored, Wilkerson to third, Batista to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 7 - Expos 8.	L.A. comeback walks away