Giants - Top 1st. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Grissom struck out looking. Aurilia struck out swinging. Bonds flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Foppert pitching for Giants. Womack reached on bunt single to third. Spivey struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to center. Dellucci struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Santiago homered to left. Cruz grounded out to second. Alfonzo struck out swinging. Snow homered to right. Perez singled to center. Foppert struck out looking. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Foppert pitching for Giants. Williams struck out swinging. Overbay grounded out to first. Finley homered to right. Barajas flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Grissom singled to center. Aurilia reached on bunt single to pitcher, Grissom to second. Bonds struck out swinging. Santiago singled to left, Grissom scored, Aurilia to second. Cruz fouled out to catcher. Alfonzo flied out to right center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Foppert pitching for Giants. Schilling walked. Womack flied out to deep right. Spivey grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schilling out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Snow flied out to center. Perez flied out to deep right. Foppert grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Foppert pitching for Giants. Gonzalez popped out to second. Dellucci struck out looking. Williams singled to center. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Grissom reached on infield single to third. Aurilia flied out to deep right, Grissom to second. Bonds walked. Santiago struck out looking. Cruz fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Foppert pitching for Giants. Finley reached on infield single to third. Barajas flied out to left. Schilling bunt popped out to first. Womack singled to right, Finley to second. Spivey popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Alfonzo flied out to shallow left. Snow flied out to center. Perez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Foppert pitching for Giants. Gonzalez singled to center. Dellucci struck out swinging. Williams reached on infield single to third, Gonzalez to second. Overbay struck out looking. Finley walked, Gonzalez to third, Williams to second. Barajas popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Foppert grounded out to first. Grissom struck out swinging. Aurilia walked. Baerga hit for Schilling. Bonds flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Foppert pitching for Giants. Baerga doubled to left. Eyre pitching for Giants. Womack reached on infield single to shortstop. Spivey singled to center, Baerga to third, Womack to second. Gonzalez flied out to left. Dellucci grounded out to first, Womack to third, Spivey to second. Nathan pitching for Giants. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Williams struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Santiago grounded out to third. Cruz struck out swinging. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Alfonzo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Overbay walked. McCracken ran for Overbay. Finley walked, McCracken to second. Rivera in right field. Worrell pitching for Giants. Grace hit for Koplove. Barajas sacrificed to pitcher, McCracken to third, Finley to second. Grace intentionally walked. Womack grounded out to second, McCracken scored, Finley to third, Grace to second. Grace at first base. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Spivey grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Snow singled to center. Perez bunted into fielder's choice to first, Snow out at second. Rivera struck out looking. Grissom grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Worrell pitching for Giants. Gonzalez walked. Dellucci bunted into fielder's choice to first, Gonzalez safe at second on error by first baseman Snow. Cintron hit for Mantei. Williams bunt popped out to first. Cintron grounded into fielder's choice to first, Dellucci out at second, Gonzalez to third. Finley intentionally walked, Cintron to second. Barajas walked, Gonzalez scored, Cintron to third, Finley to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 3 - Diamondbacks 4.	Walk this way: D-Backs rally past Giants in ninth