Dodgers - Top 1st. Roberts grounded out to second. Cabrera struck out looking. Green grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Durham doubled to center. Grissom walked. Durham to third, Grissom to second on balk by Ishii. Aurilia homered to left, Durham and Grissom scored. Bonds singled to right. Alfonzo flied out to center. Santiago doubled to left, Bonds to third. Galarraga struck out looking. Cruz walked. Rueter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cruz out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Beltre grounded out to second. Coomer grounded out to shortstop. Burnitz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Durham flied out to center. Grissom doubled to left center. Aurilia grounded out to second, Grissom to third. Bonds flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Ross grounded out to pitcher. Izturis flied out to right. Ishii grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Alfonzo singled to shallow right center. Santiago walked, Alfonzo to second. Galarraga struck out swinging. Cruz walked, Alfonzo to third, Santiago to second. Rueter grounded into fielder's choice to first, Alfonzo out at home, Santiago to third, Cruz to second. Durham tripled to center, Santiago, Cruz and Rueter scored. Grissom grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Cabrera to second on throwing error by shortstop Aurilia. Green singled to left, Cabrera scored, Green to second. Beltre singled to center, Green to third. Coomer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beltre out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 4th. Aurilia lined out to left. Bonds homered to right. Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop. Santiago flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Burnitz grounded out to second. Ross flied out to left. Cabrera at shortstop. Myers pitching for Dodgers. Thurston at second base. Izturis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Galarraga singled to left. Cruz struck out swinging. Rueter safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera, Galarraga to second. Durham doubled to left center, Galarraga scored, Rueter to third. Grissom singled to center, Rueter and Durham scored. Brower pitching for Giants. Aurilia grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Grissom out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 6th. Thurston lined out to third. Roberts walked. Cabrera struck out swinging. Green singled to center, Roberts to second. Beltre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Ruan in center field. Romano in right field. Kinkade at first base. Coomer at third base. Bonds singled to left. Linden ran for Bonds. Alfonzo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Linden out at second. Linden in left field. Feliz at third base. Castillo catching. Santiago grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Coomer reached on infield single to second. Burnitz singled to center, Coomer to second. Ross struck out swinging. Myers struck out swinging. Hermansen in left field. Thurston grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Burnitz out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Galarraga struck out swinging. Torcato hit for Brower. Cruz fouled out to catcher. Torcato hit by pitch. Benard in right field. Eyre pitching for Giants. Durham grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Ruan struck out swinging. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Romano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at third. Kinkade hit by pitch, Romano to second. Coomer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kinkade out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Grissom flied out to center. Aurilia singled to left. Linden grounded into fielder's choice to first, Aurilia out at second. Lowry pitching for Giants. Feliz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Hermansen struck out swinging. Hill hit for Myers. Ross popped out to second. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 1 - Giants 10.	Bonds hits 658th after chat with Mays