Giants - Top 1st. Willis pitching for Marlins. Durham flied out to center. Hammonds walked. Aurilia struck out swinging. Bonds fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Giants. Pierre flied out to right. Castillo doubled to shallow right. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop, Castillo to third. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Alfonzo grounded out to third. Grissom walked. Snow singled to center, Grissom to third. Torrealba hit sacrifice fly to left, Grissom scored. Williams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Giants. Cabrera doubled to left. Encarnacion sacrificed to pitcher, Cabrera to third. Conine safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Aurilia, Cabrera scored. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Willis singled to shallow center, Conine to second. Pierre lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Durham struck out swinging. Hammonds flied out to center. Aurilia lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Giants. Castillo walked. Rodriguez doubled to deep right, Castillo scored. Brower pitching for Giants. Lee singled to left, Rodriguez scored. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Conine intentionally walked. Gonzalez grounded into double play, third to first, Cabrera out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Bonds lined out to deep center. Alfonzo flied out to left. Grissom flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Brower pitching for Giants. Willis singled to shallow left. Pierre singled to center, Willis to second. Castillo struck out swinging. Rodriguez grounded out to first, Willis to third, Pierre to second. Lee walked. Cabrera singled to left, Willis and Pierre scored, Lee to second, Lee to third, Cabrera to second advancing on throw. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Snow fouled out to third. Galarraga hit for Brower. Torrealba grounded out to second. Hermanson pitching for Giants. Galarraga grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Hermanson pitching for Giants. Conine popped out to shallow right. Gonzalez popped out to shallow right. Willis tripled to deep center. Pierre flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Durham singled to left. Hammonds singled to left, Durham to third. Aurilia doubled to left, Durham scored, Hammonds to third. Bonds hit sacrifice fly to left, Hammonds scored. Alfonzo doubled to deep left center, Aurilia scored. Penny pitching for Marlins. Grissom grounded out to shortstop, Alfonzo to third. Snow singled to left center, Alfonzo scored. Snow picked off first. Torrealba batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Hermanson pitching for Giants. Castillo walked. Herges pitching for Giants. Cruz in right field. Hammonds in center field. Rodriguez walked, Castillo to second. Lee hit by pitch, Castillo to third, Rodriguez to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Encarnacion grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lee out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Penny pitching for Marlins. Torrealba popped out to shortstop. Cruz grounded out to second. Durham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Herges pitching for Giants. Conine flied out to center. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Banks hit for Penny. Pavano pitching for Marlins. Banks grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Pavano pitching for Marlins. Hammonds flied out to center. Aurilia struck out swinging. Bonds intentionally walked. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Alfonzo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bonds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Pierre flied out to left. Castillo struck out looking. Rodriguez singled to left. Lee hit by pitch, Rodriguez to second. Cabrera singled to right, Rodriguez scored, Lee to third, Lee scored, Cabrera to third on error by catcher Torrealba. Urbina pitching for Marlins. Encarnacion popped out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Perez hit for Rodriguez. Urbina pitching for Marlins. Perez doubled to right. Snow singled to right, Perez scored. Feliz hit for Torrealba. Santiago hit for Cruz. Feliz struck out swinging. Santiago flied out to right. Durham hit by pitch, Snow to second. Hammonds singled to shallow left, Snow thrown out at home, Durham to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 6 - Marlins 7.	Wildest card: Marlins advance