Nationals - Top 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Span flied out to left . Rendon popped out to shortstop . Werth flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Roark pitching for Nationals . Heyward flied out to right . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop . Upton caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Freeman hit by pitch . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Freeman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . LaRoche singled to right . Zimmerman flied out to center . Harper singled to right , LaRoche to second . Desmond grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Upton singled to center . Uggla hit by pitch , Upton to second . Gattis singled to center , Upton scored , Uggla to second . Pena homered to right , Uggla and Gattis scored . Teheran struck out looking . Heyward flied out to left . Upton struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Lobaton singled to left center . Roark sacrificed to first , Lobaton to second . Span flied out to left . Rendon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Freeman flied out to left . Johnson doubled to deep left . Upton hit by pitch . Uggla grounded into double play , third to first , Johnson out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Werth lined out to left . LaRoche walked . Zimmerman singled to left , LaRoche to second . Harper singled to right , LaRoche to third , Zimmerman to second . Desmond singled to left center , LaRoche scored , Zimmerman to third , Harper to second . Lobaton struck out swinging . Roark grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Gattis popped out to third . Pena flied out to center . Teheran struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Span flied out to left . Rendon grounded out to third . Werth singled to left . LaRoche safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Uggla , Werth to second . Zimmerman homered to left , Werth and LaRoche scored . Harper grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 5th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Heyward walked . Upton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Heyward out at second . Freeman doubled to deep right . Barrett pitching for Nationals . Johnson singled to right , Freeman scored , Johnson to second advancing on throw . Upton walked . Uggla grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Upton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Desmond flied out to left . Lobaton doubled to left . Frandsen hit for Barrett . Frandsen singled to left , Lobaton scored . Span grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Frandsen out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Gattis flied out to center . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Pastornicky hit for Teheran . Pastornicky grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Walden pitching for Braves . Rendon struck out swinging . Werth struck out swinging . LaRoche singled to left center . Zimmerman walked , LaRoche to second . LaRoche to third , Zimmerman to second on wild pitch by Walden . LaRoche out at home advancing on play . Harper batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Heyward popped out to second . Upton walked . Freeman grounded into double play , third to second to first , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Carpenter pitching for Braves . Harper reached on bunt single to second . Desmond struck out looking . Lobaton flied out to center . McLouth hit for Detwiler . McLouth reached on infield single to shortstop , Harper to second . Span singled to center , Harper scored , McLouth to third , Span to second advancing on throw . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Johnson popped out to second . Upton homered to center . Uggla struck out swinging . Gattis popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Braves . Werth struck out swinging . LaRoche struck out looking . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Pena struck out swinging . Doumit hit for Kimbrel . Doumit struck out swinging . Heyward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 10th . Avilan pitching for Braves . Harper struck out swinging . Desmond walked . Lobaton grounded out to second , Desmond to second . Espinosa hit for Storen . Espinosa intentionally walked . Span grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 10th . Moore in left field . Harper in right field . Blevins pitching for Nationals . Upton flied out to left . Freeman popped out to shortstop . Johnson singled to left . Schafer ran for Johnson . Upton singled to right , Schafer scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 6 - Braves 7 .	Speed thrills : Schafer chugs home for Braves