Nationals - Top 1st . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Rendon singled to right . Harper grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Rendon out at second . Werth walked . LaRoche walked , Werth to second . Werth to third on wild pitch by Koehler . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LaRoche out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Yelich singled to right . Ozuna singled to left , Yelich to second . Stanton homered to center ( 457 feet ) , Yelich and Ozuna scored . Jones grounded out to first . McGehee struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia singled to right . Dietrich lined out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Espinosa bunt popped out to catcher . McLouth lined out to center . Leon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Hechavarria tripled to deep center . Koehler struck out swinging . Yelich walked . Ozuna reached on infield single to shortstop , Hechavarria scored , Yelich to second . Yelich to third , Ozuna to second on wild pitch by Strasburg . Stanton intentionally walked . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Yelich out at home , Ozuna to third , Stanton to second . McGehee singled to left , Ozuna and Stanton scored , Jones to second . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Strasburg struck out looking . Rendon struck out swinging . Harper grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Dietrich walked . Hechavarria struck out swinging . Koehler sacrificed to pitcher , Dietrich to second . Yelich struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Werth walked . LaRoche grounded out to second , Werth to second . Desmond flied out to center . Espinosa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Ozuna reached on infield single to shortstop . Stanton struck out swinging . Jones popped out to shortstop . McGehee grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ozuna out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . McLouth flied out to left . Leon grounded out to second . Moore hit for Strasburg . Moore grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . Dietrich singled to center . Hechavarria walked , Dietrich to second . Koehler sacrificed to left , Koehler tagged out at first , Dietrich to third , Hechavarria to second , Dietrich and Hechavarria scored , Koehler to second on throwing error by pitcher Stammen . Yelich singled to left . Ozuna singled to right , Yelich to second , Yelich to third on error by right fielder Werth . Stanton doubled to left , Yelich and Ozuna scored . Jones singled to right , Stanton scored . McGehee reached on infield single to third , Jones to second . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Rendon walked . Harper flied out to left . Werth flied out to center . LaRoche grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Souza Jr. in right field . Walters at shortstop . Blevins pitching for Nationals . Dietrich flied out to right . Hechavarria struck out swinging . Koehler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Walters lined out to shortstop . Espinosa struck out swinging . McLouth walked . Leon lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Yelich struck out looking . Ozuna grounded out to first . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Frandsen hit for Clippard . Frandsen struck out swinging . Rendon grounded out to pitcher . Harper singled to shallow left . Harper to second on wild pitch by Jennings . Souza Jr. singled to center , Harper scored on throwing error by center fielder Ozuna . LaRoche grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Soriano pitching for Nationals . Frandsen in left field . Jones fouled out to catcher . McGehee singled to left . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Dietrich lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Walters homered to right ( 375 feet ) . Espinosa grounded out to third . McLouth struck out swinging . Leon reached on infield single to third . Frandsen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 2 - Marlins 11 .	Marlins crush Nationals to snap 8 - game skid