Padres - Top 1st . Roark pitching for Nationals . Cabrera grounded out to second . Denorfia grounded out to pitcher . Venable struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Cashner pitching for Padres . Span lined out to right . Rendon singled to left . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rendon safe at second on error by second baseman Gyorko . LaRoche singled to right , Rendon scored , Werth to second , Werth to third on throwing error by first baseman Alonso . Desmond doubled to deep right , Werth scored , LaRoche to third . Espinosa hit sacrifice fly to center , LaRoche scored , Desmond to third . Frandsen struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Gyorko grounded out to third . Alonso grounded out to third . Amarista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Cashner pitching for Padres . Leon struck out swinging . Roark singled to left . Span grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Roark out at second , Span to second on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Rendon lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 3rd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Peterson struck out swinging . Rivera flied out to right . Cashner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Cashner pitching for Padres . Werth singled to right . LaRoche flied out to left . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Werth out at second . Espinosa flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Cabrera struck out looking . Denorfia lined out to first . Venable grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Cashner pitching for Padres . Frandsen struck out swinging . Leon struck out looking . Roark grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Gyorko grounded out to third . Alonso grounded out to second . Amarista grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Cashner pitching for Padres . Span flied out to left . Rendon struck out looking . Werth safe at second on error by second baseman Gyorko . LaRoche intentionally walked . Desmond reached on infield single to third , Werth to third , LaRoche to second . Espinosa flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 6th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Peterson grounded out to second . Rivera singled to center . Cashner sacrificed to first , Rivera to second , Cashner safe at first on error by first baseman LaRoche . Cabrera fouled out to left . Denorfia lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Cashner pitching for Padres . Frandsen singled to left . Leon lined out to center . Roark sacrificed to first , Frandsen to second . Span singled to left , Frandsen scored , Span to second advancing on throw . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Venable struck out swinging . Gyorko singled to left . Alonso flied out to left . Amarista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Roach pitching for Padres . Werth grounded out to third . LaRoche grounded out to third . Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop . Desmond stole second . Espinosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Peterson grounded out to pitcher . Grandal hit for Rivera . Grandal walked . Nady hit for Roach . Nady grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Grandal out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Grandal catching . Thayer pitching for Padres . Frandsen hit by pitch . Leon struck out looking . Roark bunt popped out to first . Span flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Denorfia singled to left . Venable grounded out to catcher , Denorfia to second . Gyorko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 0 - Nationals 4 .	Nats ' Roark tosses 3 - hit shutout