Nationals - Top 1st . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Span struck out swinging . Rendon grounded out to third . Werth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Parra flied out to center . Prado grounded out to first . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramos singled to center . Desmond tripled to deep right , Ramos scored . Espinosa struck out swinging . Moore walked . Frandsen grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Moore out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Montero flied out to center . Hill reached on infield single to shortstop , Hill to second on throwing error by shortstop Desmond . Ross grounded out to shortstop . Pollock struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 3rd . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Strasburg grounded out to third . Span grounded out to first . Rendon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Arroyo singled to center . Parra struck out looking . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arroyo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Werth struck out swinging . Ramos lined out to second . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Goldschmidt doubled to right . Montero singled to center , Goldschmidt scored . Hill struck out swinging . Ross struck out looking . Pollock singled to left center , Montero to second . Owings struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Espinosa grounded out to first . Moore singled to right . Frandsen reached on bunt single to third , Moore to second , Moore to third on throwing error by third baseman Prado . Strasburg sacrificed to pitcher , Frandsen to second . Span struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Arroyo singled to right . Parra flied out to center . Prado singled to center , Arroyo to second . Goldschmidt doubled to deep center , Arroyo and Prado scored . Montero lined out to left . Hill grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Rendon flied out to right . Werth reached on infield single to third . Ramos grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Werth out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Ross grounded out to third . Pollock grounded out to third . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Inciarte in left field . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond struck out swinging . Espinosa struck out looking . Moore grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Arroyo flied out to center . Parra lined out to left . Prado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Frandsen flied out to left . McLouth hit for Strasburg . McLouth singled to right . Span lined out to shortstop . Rendon singled to center , McLouth to second . Werth flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Montero struck out swinging . Hill grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramos fouled out to right . Desmond grounded out to third . Espinosa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 1 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Arroyo outduels Strasburg as D - backs win