Reds - Top 1st . Fister pitching for Nationals . Hamilton struck out looking . Schumaker doubled to deep left . Phillips grounded out to third . Frazier singled to center , Schumaker scored . Pena safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Espinosa , Frazier to third . Heisey struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Cueto pitching for Reds . Span singled to left . Rendon fouled out to right . Werth flied out to center . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Fister pitching for Nationals . Cozart lined out to center . Santiago singled to left center . Cueto sacrificed to catcher , Santiago to second . Hamilton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Cueto pitching for Reds . Moore struck out looking . Frandsen grounded out to shortstop . Espinosa bunt popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Fister pitching for Nationals . Schumaker struck out swinging . Phillips grounded out to pitcher . Frazier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Cueto pitching for Reds . Lobaton struck out looking . Fister safe at first on error by first baseman Frazier . Span reached on bunt single to third , Fister to third , Fister scored , Span to third on throwing error by third baseman Santiago . Rendon hit sacrifice fly to center , Span scored . Werth lined out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Pena grounded out to second . Heisey struck out looking . Cozart grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Cueto pitching for Reds . Desmond grounded out to pitcher . Moore grounded out to shortstop . Frandsen grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Santiago grounded out to second . Cueto grounded out to first . Hamilton lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Cueto pitching for Reds . Espinosa struck out swinging . Lobaton grounded out to first . Fister struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Schumaker grounded out to pitcher . Phillips singled to center . Frazier walked , Phillips to second . Pena grounded out to first , Phillips to third , Frazier to second . Heisey grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Cueto pitching for Reds . Span singled to right . Span stole second . Span safe at third on throwing error by catcher Pena . Rendon hit by pitch . Werth singled to center , Span scored , Rendon to second . Desmond struck out swinging . Moore singled to right , Rendon scored , Werth to third . Frandsen hit by pitch , Moore to second . Espinosa singled to right , Werth and Moore scored , Frandsen to third . Marshall pitching for Reds . Bernadina in left field . Lobaton singled to right , Frandsen scored , Espinosa to second . Fister sacrificed to catcher , Espinosa to third , Lobaton to second . Span doubled to deep center , Espinosa and Lobaton scored . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 7th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Cozart reached on infield single to shortstop . Santiago flied out to center . Bernadina doubled to right , Cozart to third . Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to right , Cozart scored , Bernadina to third . Schumaker grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Marshall pitching for Reds . Werth struck out looking . Desmond safe at second on error by right fielder Schumaker . Moore walked . Frandsen grounded out to pitcher , Desmond to third , Moore to second . Espinosa walked . LeCure pitching for Reds . Frazier at third base . Soto at first base . Santiago in left field . Bernadina in right field . Lobaton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 8th . Walters at shortstop . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . McLouth in left field . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Frazier walked . Pena flied out to right . Soto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . LeCure pitching for Reds . Walters struck out looking . Span doubled to center . Rendon grounded out to shortstop , Span to third . Werth grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Cozart doubled to deep center . Cozart to third on wild pitch by Detwiler . Santiago hit by pitch . Bernadina grounded out to first , Cozart scored , Santiago to second . Hamilton singled to right , Santiago scored . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Mesoraco hit for LeCure . Mesoraco struck out looking . Hamilton to second on fielder 's indifference . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 4 - Nationals 9 .	Span ( 5 - for-5 ) , Nats rock Reds ' Cueto in win