Marlins - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Yelich doubled to left . Dietrich grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Yelich out at third . Stanton singled to center , Dietrich to second . McGehee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Span grounded out to second . Rendon grounded out to second . Werth singled to center . LaRoche singled to right , Werth to second . Ramos grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Jones grounded out to first . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Ozuna flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Desmond hit by pitch . Frandsen lined into double play , right to first , Desmond doubled off first . McLouth singled to right center . Zimmermann grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Hechavarria bunt popped out foul to catcher . Alvarez grounded out to second . Yelich grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Span grounded out to shortstop . Rendon struck out looking . Werth lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Dietrich singled to left . Stanton walked , Dietrich to second . McGehee singled to right , Dietrich to third , Stanton to second , Stanton thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Jones singled to right center , Dietrich scored , McGehee to third . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Ozuna singled to center , McGehee scored , Jones to second . Hechavarria singled to right , Jones scored , Ozuna to third , Ozuna scored on throwing error by right fielder Werth . Hechavarria out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . Ramos grounded out to pitcher . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Alvarez grounded out to third . Yelich singled to right . Dietrich grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Yelich out at second . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Frandsen grounded out to pitcher . McLouth singled to right . Moore hit for Zimmermann . Moore flied out to center . Span singled to right , McLouth to second . Rendon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . McGehee singled to right . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McGehee out at second . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Ozuna lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Hatcher pitching for Marlins . Werth flied out to right . LaRoche reached on infield single to third . Ramos singled to right , LaRoche to second . Desmond walked , LaRoche to third , Ramos to second . Frandsen struck out swinging . McLouth doubled to deep right , LaRoche and Ramos scored , Desmond to third . Espinosa hit for Detwiler . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Espinosa walked . Span safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Jones , Desmond scored , McLouth to third , Espinosa to second . Rendon flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 7th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Hechavarria lined out to center . Baker hit for Jennings . Baker struck out looking . Yelich grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Werth struck out swinging . LaRoche lined out to right . Ramos homered to left center ( 398 feet ) . Desmond walked . Frandsen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Desmond out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Dietrich flied out to right . Stanton walked . McGehee singled to left , Stanton to second . Jones lined out to center . McGehee picked off first . Saltalamacchia batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Lucas at first base . McLouth walked . Hairston hit for Clippard . McLouth stole second . Hairston walked . Span reached on bunt single to pitcher , McLouth to third , Hairston to second . Rendon struck out swinging . Werth popped out to third . LaRoche grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Soriano pitching for Nationals . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first . Ozuna struck out swinging . Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Yelich in center field . Johnson in left field . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Ramos singled to right , Ramos out stretching at second . Desmond flied out to right . Frandsen singled to left . McLouth singled to right center , Frandsen to third . Dobbs hit for Soriano . Dobbs fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 10th . Blevins pitching for Nationals . Lucas singled to center . Yelich walked , Lucas to second . Dietrich sacrificed to third , Lucas to third , Yelich to second . Stanton intentionally walked . Barrett pitching for Nationals . McGehee singled to deep left , Lucas scored , Yelich to third , Stanton to second . Johnson doubled to right , Yelich and Stanton scored , McGehee to third . Saltalamacchia intentionally walked . Solano hit for Slowey . Solano singled to right , McGehee scored , Johnson to third , Saltalamacchia to second . Hechavarria struck out looking . Lucas grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 10th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Span grounded out to second . Rendon singled to center . Werth singled to right center , Rendon to third . LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to right , Rendon scored . Ramos struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 8 - Nationals 5 .	Four - run 10th lifts Marlins over Nationals 8 - 5