Nationals - Top 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Span fouled out to shortstop . Rendon singled to right . Werth walked , Rendon to second . Rendon to third , Werth to second on wild pitch by Eovaldi . LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to center , Rendon scored . Desmond lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Yelich grounded out to pitcher . Valdespin lined out to center . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Harper flied out to center . Ramos grounded out to third . Espinosa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . McGehee singled to center . Jones struck out swinging . Ozuna lined out to second . Saltalamacchia lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Zimmermann grounded out to second . Span grounded out to second . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Hechavarria grounded out to pitcher . Eovaldi struck out swinging . Yelich grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Werth struck out looking . LaRoche singled to right center . Desmond grounded into double play , third to second to first , LaRoche out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Valdespin lined out to shortstop . Stanton grounded out to third . McGehee struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Harper singled to center . Ramos lined out to center . Espinosa struck out swinging . Zimmermann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Jones struck out looking . Ozuna grounded out to second . Saltalamacchia singled to left , Saltalamacchia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Span reached on bunt single to third . Rendon singled to left , Span to second . Werth singled to center , Span scored , Rendon to second . LaRoche lined out to right , Rendon to third . Desmond walked , Werth to second . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Harper safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Hechavarria , Rendon scored , Werth to third , Desmond to second . Ramos walked , Werth scored , Desmond to third , Harper to second . Espinosa singled to center , Desmond and Harper scored , Ramos to third . Zimmermann sacrificed to pitcher , Espinosa to second . Span walked . Hatcher pitching for Marlins . Rendon flied out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Hechavarria lined out to second . Marisnick hit for Hatcher . Marisnick struck out swinging . Yelich lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Werth singled to right , Werth out stretching at second . LaRoche lined out to left . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . McLouth in right field . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Valdespin lined out to center . Stanton walked . McGehee flied out to center . Jones tripled to deep right center , Stanton scored . Ozuna reached on infield single to shortstop , Jones scored . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Harper doubled to deep left center . Ramos grounded out to shortstop , Harper to third . Espinosa grounded out to shortstop . Walters hit for Zimmermann . Walters walked . Span popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Hechavarria singled to left . Johnson hit for Dyson . Johnson singled to right , Hechavarria to second . Yelich grounded out to second , Hechavarria to third , Johnson to second . Baker hit for Valdespin . Baker grounded out to shortstop , Hechavarria scored , Johnson to third . Storen pitching for Nationals . Stanton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Baker at second base . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Rendon struck out swinging . McLouth flied out to left . LaRoche flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . McGehee walked . Soriano pitching for Nationals . McGehee walked . Soriano pitching for Nationals . McGehee walked . Soriano pitching for Nationals . Jones doubled to deep right center , McGehee to third . Ozuna singled to right center , McGehee scored , Jones to third . Saltalamacchia hit sacrifice fly to right , Jones scored . Ozuna to second on wild pitch by Soriano . Hechavarria tripled to deep right center , Ozuna scored . Solano hit for Dunn . Solano hit by pitch . Blevins pitching for Nationals . Yelich struck out swinging . Baker singled to deep left , Hechavarria scored , Solano to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 6 - Marlins 7 .	Marlins rally by Nats with 4 - run ninth