Pirates - Top 1st . Fister pitching for Nationals . Polanco struck out swinging . Harrison flied out to right . Walker popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Span grounded out to second . Cabrera lined out to center . Rendon singled to left . Rendon to second on wild pitch by Volquez . LaRoche walked . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Fister pitching for Nationals . Martin flied out to right . Alvarez struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Harper grounded out to first . Ramos grounded out to second . Taylor singled to center . Taylor to second on wild pitch by Volquez . Fister struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Fister pitching for Nationals . Snider grounded out to shortstop . Davis walked . Davis to second on wild pitch by Fister . Volquez struck out looking . Polanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Span struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to second . Rendon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Harrison lined out to right . Walker popped out to first . Martin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . LaRoche lined out to center . Desmond struck out swinging . Harper grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Alvarez singled to deep right . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Alvarez out at second . Snider singled to right , Marte to second . Davis flied out to center , Marte to third , Snider to second . Volquez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Taylor grounded out to second . Fister grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Polanco safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond . Harrison singled to right , Polanco to third . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Polanco scored , Harrison safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Rendon . Martin reached on infield single to third , Harrison scored , Walker to second . Alvarez singled to right , Walker to third , Martin to second . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Walker out at home , Martin to third , Alvarez to second . Snider grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Martin out at home , Alvarez to third , Marte to second . Davis flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Span grounded out to third . Cabrera flied out to right . Rendon singled to right . LaRoche walked , Rendon to second . Desmond singled to center , Rendon scored , LaRoche to third , Desmond to second advancing on throw . Harper flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Volquez struck out swinging . Polanco struck out looking . Harrison grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Ramos flied out to left . Taylor hit by pitch . Frandsen hit for Fister . Frandsen singled to left , Taylor to second . Span singled to left , Taylor to third , Frandsen to second . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Taylor and Frandsen scored on throwing error by first baseman Davis , Span safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Davis . Rendon grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Span scored , Cabrera to second . LaRoche grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rendon out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Walker singled to right center . Martin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Walker out at second . Alvarez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Nix at third base . Axford pitching for Pirates . Desmond struck out swinging . Harper walked . Ramos grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Soriano pitching for Nationals . Marte hit by pitch . Snider singled to right , Marte to third . Martinez ran for Snider . Marte scored , Martinez to second on wild pitch by Soriano . Davis walked . Mercer ran for Davis . Sanchez hit for Axford . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Martinez out at third , Mercer to second . Polanco doubled to deep right center , Mercer and Sanchez scored . Thornton pitching for Nationals . Harrison singled to left , Polanco to third , Harrison thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Martinez in left field . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Sanchez at first base . Taylor struck out swinging . Werth hit for Thornton . Werth walked . Span singled to right , Werth to third . Cabrera singled to right , Werth scored , Span to second . Rendon flied out to center . LaRoche struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 10th . Espinosa at second base . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Werth in right field . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Nix flied out to left . Marte singled to right . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 10th . Cumpton pitching for Pirates . Morel at third base . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Harper struck out looking . Ramos singled to center . Espinosa fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 11th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Morel grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Polanco lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 11th . Cumpton pitching for Pirates . Werth doubled to left . Span grounded out to first , Werth to third . Hairston hit for Detwiler . Hairston hit sacrifice fly to left , Werth scored . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 5 - Nationals 6 .	Werth sparks streaking Nationals off bench