Nationals - Top 1st . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Span singled to center . Rendon lined out to center . Werth singled to center , Span to second . LaRoche grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Werth out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Yelich singled to center . Solano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Yelich out at second . McGehee singled to right , Solano to second . Ozuna lined out to center . Bour singled to right , Solano scored , McGehee to second . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Desmond flied out to center . Zimmerman singled to right . Ramos singled to center , Zimmerman to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramos out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Hechavarria grounded out to pitcher . Mathis struck out swinging . Cosart grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Zimmermann struck out swinging . Span walked . Rendon grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Span out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Yelich grounded out to second . Solano grounded out to shortstop . McGehee flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Werth reached on infield single to shortstop . LaRoche grounded out to first , Werth to second . Desmond walked . Werth caught stealing third , catcher to third , Desmond to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Zimmerman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Ozuna lined out to center . Bour struck out swinging . Johnson doubled to deep center , Johnson to third on throwing error by pitcher Zimmermann . R Johnson scored on throwing error by center fielder Span . Hechavarria popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Ramos grounded out to second . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Zimmermann grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Mathis struck out looking . Cosart singled to right . Yelich lined out to right . Solano lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Span flied out to left . Rendon struck out looking . Werth singled to center . LaRoche grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . McGehee grounded out to second . Ozuna struck out swinging . Bour flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Desmond singled to center . Zimmerman tripled to deep right , Desmond scored . Ramos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zimmerman out at home . Cabrera tripled to deep right , Ramos scored . Harper hit for Zimmermann . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Harper grounded out to second . Span singled to right , Cabrera scored . Hatcher pitching for Marlins . Rendon singled to left , Span to second . Werth grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Schierholtz in left field . Barrett pitching for Nationals . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop . Mathis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Hatcher pitching for Marlins . LaRoche flied out to left . Desmond doubled to deep right . Schierholtz grounded out to pitcher , Desmond to third . Ramos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Valdespin hit for Hatcher . Valdespin struck out swinging . Yelich grounded out to second . Solano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Marlins . Valdespin in right field . Cabrera struck out swinging . Moore hit for Clippard . Moore flied out to left . Span flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Storen pitching for Nationals . McGehee grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna singled to center . Bour singled to right , Ozuna to third . Jones hit for Capps . Lucas ran for Bour . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lucas out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Marlins 2 .	Zimmerman triples in return to help lift Nats