Marlins - Top 1st . Hill pitching for Nationals . Yelich walked . Solano reached on infield single to third , Yelich to second . McGehee singled to shallow center , Yelich scored , Solano to second . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , McGehee out at second , Solano to third . Johnson fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Heaney pitching for Marlins . Taylor doubled to deep center . Frandsen singled to center , Taylor scored . Werth tripled to deep right center , Frandsen scored . Ramos grounded out to second , Werth scored . Moore struck out swinging . Souza Jr. walked . Espinosa hit by pitch , Souza Jr. to second . Kobernus popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Hill pitching for Nationals . Bour singled to left center . Realmuto hit ground rule double to deep center , Bour to third . Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop , Bour scored , Realmuto to third . Heaney reached on infield single to pitcher . Yelich grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Heaney out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Heaney pitching for Marlins . Hill singled to center . Taylor struck out swinging . Frandsen flied out to center . Werth doubled to deep left , Hill to third . Ramos lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Hill pitching for Nationals . Solano popped out to first . McGehee struck out looking . Jones doubled to deep right center . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Heaney pitching for Marlins . Moore struck out swinging . Souza Jr. homered to left center ( 439 feet ) . Espinosa grounded out to shortstop . Kobernus lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Hill pitching for Nationals . Bour grounded out to second . Realmuto grounded out to pitcher . Hechavarria singled to center . Heaney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Heaney pitching for Marlins . Hill grounded out to first . Taylor grounded out to second . Frandsen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Hill pitching for Nationals . Yelich struck out swinging . Solano grounded out to third . McGehee hit by pitch . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop , McGehee to second . Johnson doubled to right , McGehee scored , Jones to third . Bour intentionally walked . Realmuto tripled to left , Jones , Johnson and Bour scored . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Hechavarria doubled to deep center , Realmuto scored . Lucas hit for Heaney . Lucas struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Penny pitching for Marlins . Werth singled to center . Ramos singled to left , Werth to third . Moore grounded into double play , third to second to first , Werth scored , Ramos out at second . Souza Jr. grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Yelich lined out to pitcher . Solano singled to right , Solano out stretching at second . McGehee flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Penny pitching for Marlins . Espinosa struck out swinging . Kobernus hit by pitch . Hairston hit for Detwiler . Hairston popped out to second . Taylor singled to right center , Kobernus to third . Capps pitching for Marlins . Frandsen singled to center , Kobernus scored , Taylor to third . Werth hit by pitch , Frandsen to second . Ramos grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Cedeno pitching for Nationals . Jones reached on bunt single to third . Johnson singled to left , Jones to second . Bour doubled to deep right center , Jones and Johnson scored . Barrett pitching for Nationals . Realmuto struck out swinging . Hechavarria reached on infield single to pitcher , Bour scored on throwing error by pitcher Barrett . Hernandez hit for Capps . Hernandez flied out to center . Hechavarria caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Yelich batting . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Yelich in left field . Hatcher pitching for Marlins . Hernandez in center field . Moore homered to right center ( 384 feet ) . Souza Jr. grounded out to second . Espinosa struck out swinging . Kobernus grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Soriano pitching for Nationals . Yelich lined out to first . Solano flied out to left . McGehee safe at second on error by left fielder Souza Jr .. Jones flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Valdespin in right field . Zimmerman hit for Soriano . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Taylor lined out to second . Frandsen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Valdespin singled to left . Bour singled to left , Valdespin to third . Realmuto singled to left , Valdespin scored , Bour to second . Hechavarria singled to left , Bour to third , Realmuto to second . Hernandez homered to left center ( 405 feet ) , Bour , Realmuto and Hechavarria scored . Yelich singled to center . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Solano lined out to left . McGehee grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Yelich out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . DeSclafani pitching for Marlins . Werth struck out swinging . Ramos popped out to second . Moore singled to left . Souza Jr. flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 15 - Nationals 7 .	Nats clinch home - field edge , split with Marlins