Mariners - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Royals . Suzuki grounded out to second . Vidro grounded out to third . Guillen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . German grounded out to third . DeJesus walked . Grudzielanek grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeJesus out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Royals . Ibanez popped out to second . Sexson struck out swinging . Beltre grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Teahen flied out to left . Brown struck out looking . Buck flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Royals . Betancourt singled to left . Lopez singled to left , Betancourt to second . Burke sacrificed to pitcher , Betancourt to third , Lopez to second . Suzuki walked . Vidro singled to center , Betancourt and Lopez scored , Suzuki to second . Guillen reached on infield single to third , Suzuki to third , Vidro to second . Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to right , Suzuki scored . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guillen out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Gordon flied out to left . Shealy fouled out to first . Pena popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Royals . Beltre homered to left . Betancourt struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to second . Burke flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . German grounded out to third . DeJesus reached on infield single to second . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Teahen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Royals . Suzuki lined out to first . Vidro grounded out to pitcher . Guillen walked . Ibanez fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Buck fouled out to catcher . Gordon lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Royals . Sexson singled to center . Beltre singled to right , Sexson to second . Betancourt popped out to second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltre out at second , Sexson to third . Burke singled to center , Sexson scored , Lopez to second . Suzuki singled to right , Lopez scored , Burke to second , Burke to third , Suzuki to second advancing on throw . Peralta pitching for Royals . Vidro intentionally walked . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vidro out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Shealy singled to left . Pena doubled to left , Shealy to third . Shealy scored , Pena to third on wild pitch by Washburn . German struck out swinging . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop , Pena scored . Grudzielanek flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Teahen lined out to right . Brown lined out to left . Buck flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Betancourt popped out to second . Lopez lined out to second . Burke grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Green pitching for Mariners . Gordon doubled to deep right . Shealy singled to center , Gordon scored . Pena struck out swinging . German grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Shealy out at second . DeJesus grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Suzuki singled to left . Suzuki stole second . Vidro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at third , Vidro to second . Gobble pitching for Royals . Guillen grounded out to third . Ibanez singled to right , Vidro scored . Ellison in right field . Broussard grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Green pitching for Mariners . Grudzielanek singled to right . Putz pitching for Mariners . Teahen reached on infield single to shortstop , Grudzielanek to second . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teahen out at second , Grudzielanek to third , Grudzielanek scored on throwing error by second baseman Lopez . Brown stole second . Buck struck out swinging . Gordon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Mariners 7 - Royals 4 .	Washburn continues winning ways in Kansas City