Royals - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . DeJesus singled to right . German grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , DeJesus out at second . Teahen reached on infield single to third . Brown grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Meche pitching for Royals . Willits struck out swinging . Figgins singled to left . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Figgins to second . Figgins caught stealing third , catcher to third , Cabrera to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Guerrero flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Gordon flied out to center . Butler flied out to left . Buck hit by pitch . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Buck out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Meche pitching for Royals . Kotchman struck out swinging . Kendrick grounded out to second . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Gathright walked . DeJesus grounded out to second , Gathright to second . German singled to left , Gathright thrown out at home , German to second advancing on throw . Teahen popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Meche pitching for Royals . Molina struck out swinging . Haynes tripled to left . Willits sacrificed to pitcher , Haynes scored , Willits safe at first on error by pitcher Meche . Figgins lined out to right . Willits picked off first . Cabrera batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Brown grounded out to second . Gordon grounded out to first . Butler homered to left center . Buck walked . Pena flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Meche pitching for Royals . Cabrera struck out swinging . Guerrero singled to right . Kotchman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guerrero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Gathright doubled to left . DeJesus hit by pitch . German sacrificed to third , Gathright to third , DeJesus to second , German safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Figgins . Gathright scored , DeJesus to third on throwing error . Teahen doubled to right , DeJesus scored , German to third . German scored , Teahen to third on wild pitch by Santana . Brown grounded out to third . Gordon singled to left , Teahen scored . Butler grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Gordon out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 5th . Meche pitching for Royals . Kendrick singled to center . Morales flied out to center . Molina doubled to deep left center , Kendrick scored . Haynes struck out swinging . Willits lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Buck homered to left center . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Pena singled to left . Gathright sacrificed to third , Pena to second , Gathright safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Figgins . Pena to third on throwing error by third baseman Figgins . DeJesus hit sacrifice fly to center , Pena scored . German hit by pitch , Gathright to second . Teahen walked , Gathright to third , German to second . Brown flied into double play , right to pitcher to third , Gathright out at third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 6th . Meche pitching for Royals . Figgins walked . Cabrera flied out to left . Guerrero doubled to deep center , Figgins to third . Kotchman grounded out to second , Figgins scored , Guerrero to third . Kendrick grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Gordon flied out to left . Butler struck out looking . Greinke pitching for Royals . Buck flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Morales flied out to center . Molina struck out swinging . Haynes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Pena grounded out to pitcher . Gathright singled to right . Gathright stole second . DeJesus intentionally walked . Gathright stole third , Gathright scored , DeJesus safe at second on throwing error by catcher Molina . Oliver pitching for Angels . German hit ground rule double to deep right , DeJesus scored . Teahen struck out looking . Brown walked . Gordon homered to right , German and Brown scored . Costa in left field . Gathright in center field . Butler struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Willits reached on infield single to shortstop . Aybar hit for Cabrera . Figgins flied out to left . Peralta pitching for Royals . Quinlan hit for Guerrero . Aybar flied out to right . Quinlan reached on infield single to shortstop , Willits to second . Aybar at shortstop . Quinlan in right field . Kotchman lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Cortez hit for Pena . Oliver pitching for Angels . Buck struck out swinging . Cortez grounded out to shortstop . Gathright doubled to center . German at shortstop . Cortez at second base . Costa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Kendrick struck out swinging . Morales homered to center . Molina grounded out to third . Haynes lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 12 - Angels 4 .	Royals rout Angels , take first two games of series