White Sox - Top 1st . Bannister pitching for Royals . Podsednik flied out to left . Gonzalez lined out to left . Thome walked . Konerko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . DeJesus flied out to left . German struck out looking . Teahen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Bannister pitching for Royals . Pierzynski flied out to left . Iguchi doubled to deep center . Mackowiak walked . Fields walked , Iguchi to third , Mackowiak to second . Uribe grounded out to pitcher , Iguchi scored , Mackowiak to third , Fields to second . Podsednik flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Costa flied out to left . Gordon singled to right . Butler grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Bannister pitching for Royals . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Thome struck out swinging . Konerko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Buck fouled out to right . Pena doubled to center . Gathright grounded out to shortstop , Pena to third . DeJesus walked . German reached on infield single to shortstop , Pena scored , DeJesus to second . DeJesus out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Teahen batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher . Iguchi flied out to center . Mackowiak singled to left . Fields struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Teahen grounded out to shortstop . Costa doubled to deep right . Gordon walked . Butler singled to center , Costa scored , Gordon to third . Buck hit sacrifice fly to center , Gordon scored . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Butler out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Uribe popped out to first . Podsednik lined out to left . Gonzalez walked . Thome struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Gathright grounded out to shortstop . DeJesus popped out to second . German grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Konerko popped out to second . Pierzynski doubled to deep left . Iguchi lined out to shortstop . Mackowiak grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Teahen popped out to shortstop . Costa flied out to right . Gordon singled to left . Butler hit by pitch , Gordon to second . Buck grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Butler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Fields grounded out to third . Gobble pitching for Royals . Uribe singled to left . Greinke pitching for Royals . Podsednik grounded into double play , second to first , Uribe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Pena struck out swinging . Gathright reached on bunt single to second . DeJesus hit by pitch , Gathright to second . Gathright to third , DeJesus to second on passed ball by Pierzynski . German singled to center , Gathright scored , DeJesus to third , German to second advancing on throw . Teahen intentionally walked . Logan pitching for White Sox . Costa singled to right , DeJesus and German scored , Teahen to third . Gordon grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Costa out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Gonzalez struck out looking . Thome flied out to left . Aardsma pitching for White Sox . Konerko fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Aardsma pitching for White Sox . Butler doubled to deep right . Butler to third on wild pitch by Aardsma . Buck struck out swinging . Pena singled to center , Butler scored . Gathright reached on infield single to shortstop , Pena to second . DeJesus singled to right , Pena scored , Gathright to third , DeJesus to second advancing on throw . German grounded out to third . Teahen flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Iguchi flied out to center . Mackowiak singled to left . Fields grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 1 - Royals 8 .	Streaking Bannister pitches Royals past White Sox