Twins - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Royals . Bartlett walked . Punto flied out to center . Bartlett to second on passed ball by Buck . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . Cuddyer singled to center , Bartlett scored , Cuddyer to second advancing on throw . Morneau grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Twins . DeJesus walked . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Teahen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , DeJesus out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Royals . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Redmond grounded out to second . Tyner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Twins . Butler grounded out to third . Gload struck out swinging . German tripled to deep center . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Royals . Casilla singled to left . Bartlett singled to left center , Casilla to second . Punto sacrificed to catcher , Casilla to third , Bartlett to second , Punto safe at third on throwing error by third baseman German . Bartlett and Casilla scored on throwing error by third . Mauer hit sacrifice fly to left , Punto scored . Cuddyer homered to left center . Morneau doubled to deep center . Hunter flied out to right . Redmond singled to center , Morneau scored . Tyner singled to right , Redmond to third . Casilla grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tyner out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Twins . Buck safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Punto . Pena flied out to right . DeJesus flied out to right . Grudzielanek singled to left , Buck to second . Teahen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Top 4th . Braun pitching for Royals . Bartlett struck out swinging . Punto doubled to deep right . Mauer grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher . Cuddyer grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mauer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Twins . Butler lined out to shortstop . Gload singled to left . German flied out to left . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Braun pitching for Royals . Morneau doubled to deep left center . Hunter homered to left , Morneau scored . Redmond singled to center . Tyner grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Redmond out at second . Casilla walked , Tyner to second . Bartlett flied out to second . Punto struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Twins . Buck singled to left . Pena reached on infield single to second , Buck to second . DeJesus grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Pena out at second , Buck to third . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Braun pitching for Royals . Mauer singled to left . Cuddyer singled to center , Mauer to third , Cuddyer thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Peralta pitching for Royals . Morneau grounded out to second . Hunter singled to center , Mauer scored . Redmond singled to center , Hunter to second . Tyner flied out to left . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Santana pitching for Twins . Teahen grounded out to second . Butler walked . Gload singled to center , Butler to third . German struck out swinging . Brown doubled to deep right , Butler scored , Gload to third . Buck reached on infield single to shortstop , Gload scored , Brown to third . Pena lined out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Bale pitching for Royals . Casilla struck out looking . Bartlett reached on infield single to second . Punto walked , Bartlett to second . Mauer singled to right , Bartlett scored , Punto to second . Cuddyer grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Mauer out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . DeJesus singled to left . Smith flied out to right . Teahen grounded out to second , Gathright to second . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Gathright in center field . Bale pitching for Royals . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . Hunter doubled to deep right . Redmond singled to left center , Hunter to third , Hunter scored on error by left fielder Brown . Tyner grounded out to pitcher , Redmond to second . Casilla grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Kubel in left field . Tyner in center field . Ortiz pitching for Twins . Gload grounded out to pitcher . German grounded out to first . Brown doubled to deep left . Buck doubled to deep right , Brown scored . Pena grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Riske pitching for Royals . Bartlett struck out swinging . Punto struck out swinging . Mauer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Ortiz pitching for Twins . Gathright singled to center . Gathright to second on balk by Ortiz . Smith grounded out to first , Gathright to third . Teahen singled to center , Gathright scored . Butler flied out to right . Gload flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 11 - Royals 4 .	Twins hammer Royals as Santana gains 12th win