Royals - Top 1st . Meyer pitching for Athletics . German safe at second on error by right fielder Cust . Gathright sacrificed to first , German to third . Grudzielanek tripled to deep right , German scored . Butler doubled to deep left , Grudzielanek scored . Teahen grounded out to second , Butler to third . Brown homered to left center , Butler scored . Gordon fouled out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Bannister pitching for Royals . Buck grounded out to second . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Swisher homered to center . Cust doubled to deep right center . Piazza grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Meyer pitching for Athletics . Buck flied out to right . Pena fouled out to first . German walked . Gathright grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Bannister pitching for Royals . Ellis singled to center . Hannahan grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ellis out at second . Murphy fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Meyer pitching for Athletics . Grudzielanek flied out to center . Butler walked . Teahen tripled to deep right center , Butler scored . Teahen scored on Meyer 's wild pitch . Brown flied out to center . Gordon singled to center . Buck flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Bannister pitching for Royals . Suzuki walked . Buck fouled out to third . Stewart struck out swinging . Swisher struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Meyer pitching for Athletics . Pena flied out to right . German flied out to center . Gathright flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Cust grounded out to second . Piazza grounded out to shortstop . Ellis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Calero pitching for Athletics . Grudzielanek singled to right . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grudzielanek out at second . Teahen grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Butler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Hannahan grounded out to first . Murphy grounded out to first . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Calero pitching for Athletics . Brown popped out to first . Gordon walked . Buck grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Buck doubled to deep left . DaVanon ran for Buck . Stewart grounded out to shortstop , DaVanon to third . Swisher grounded out to first , DaVanon scored . Cust struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . DaVanon in center field . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Pena singled to left . German grounded out to third , Pena to second . Gathright reached on infield single to pitcher , Pena to third . Pena scored , Gathright to third on wild pitch by Casilla . Grudzielanek grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gathright scored . Butler struck out swinging . Teahen flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Piazza grounded out to shortstop . Ellis popped out to first . Hannahan lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Brown flied out to left . Gordon flied out to right . Buck singled to left . Pena fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Murphy fouled out to first . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . DaVanon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Marshall pitching for Athletics . German singled to center . Gathright reached on infield single to pitcher , German to second . Grudzielanek grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gathright out at second , German to third . Butler singled to center , German scored , Grudzielanek to second . Teahen grounded out to pitcher , Grudzielanek to third , Butler to second . Brown intentionally walked . Gordon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . German at second base . Smith at first base . Gordon at third base . Bannister pitching for Royals . Stewart flied out to right . Swisher flied out to right . Cust grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 9 - Athletics 2 .	Royals smash A 's , tie ChiSox for AL Central cellar