White Sox - Top 1st . Asencio pitching for Royals . Jimenez grounded out to pitcher . Valentin tripled to deep right . Thomas hit by pitch . Ordonez hit sacrifice fly to left , Valentin scored . Konerko struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for White Sox . Tucker struck out swinging . Randa flied out to left center . Sweeney walked . Sweeney to second on wild pitch by Garland . Ibanez reached on infield single to first , Sweeney to third . Brown singled to center , Sweeney scored , Ibanez to second . Harvey singled to right , Ibanez scored , Brown to third . Mayne reached on infield single to shortstop , Brown scored , Harvey to second , Harvey to third , Mayne to second on throwing error by shortstop Valentin . Berroa popped out to third . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Asencio pitching for Royals . Lee reached on infield single to shortstop . Crede doubled to left , Lee to third . Rios hit sacrifice fly to left center , Lee scored . Olivo grounded out to third . Jimenez flied out to shallow center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Febles singled to right . Tucker safe at first on error by second baseman Jimenez , Febles to second . Randa grounded into double play , third to second to first , Tucker out at second , Febles to third . Sweeney singled to left , Febles scored . Ibanez doubled to right , Sweeney to third . Brown grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Asencio pitching for Royals . Valentin struck out swinging . Thomas grounded out to third . Ordonez doubled to deep right . Konerko lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Harvey doubled to left . Mayne flied out to center , Harvey to third . Berroa grounded out to shortstop . Febles flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Asencio pitching for Royals . Lee walked . Crede grounded out to pitcher , Lee to second . Rios lined out to left . Lee to third on wild pitch by Asencio . Olivo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Tucker lined out to third . Randa continues to bat after dropped foul ball by third baseman Crede . Randa flied out to center . Sweeney homered to left . Ibanez flied out to deep left center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Asencio pitching for Royals . Jimenez walked . Valentin homered to center , Jimenez scored . Thomas walked . Ordonez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Thomas out at second . Glover pitching for White Sox . Konerko grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Glover pitching for White Sox . Brown hit by pitch . Brown caught stealing second , catcher to second . Harvey struck out swinging . Mayne singled to left . Wilson pitching for Royals . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mayne out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Royals . Lee struck out swinging . Crede struck out swinging . Rios grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Glover pitching for White Sox . Febles popped out to first . Tucker struck out swinging . Randa walked . Sweeney singled to left , Randa to second . Wunsch pitching for White Sox . Johnson in center field . Tucker in right field . Ibanez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Royals . Olivo grounded out to second . Jimenez singled to center . Valentin homered to center , Jimenez scored . Thomas struck out swinging . Gordon pitching for White Sox . Ordonez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Gordon pitching for White Sox . Johnson struck out looking . Harvey walked . Mayne singled to right , Harvey to third . Mayne to second on wild pitch by Gordon . Berroa struck out swinging . Bukvich pitching for Royals . Febles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Bukvich pitching for Royals . Konerko grounded out to third . Lee struck out swinging . Crede singled to center . Rowand in center field . Rios grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Gordon pitching for White Sox . Tucker struck out looking . Randa hit by pitch . Sweeney walked , Randa to second . Marte pitching for White Sox . Relaford hit for Johnson . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Randa out at third , Sweeney to second . Relaford walked , Sweeney to third , Ibanez to second . Koch pitching for White Sox . Harvey singled to center , Sweeney and Ibanez scored , Relaford to third . Mayne homered to left , Relaford and Harvey scored . Berroa doubled to left . Febles safe at first on error by third baseman Crede , Berroa scored . Tucker singled to right , Febles to second . Randa walked , Febles to third , Tucker to second . White pitching for White Sox . Sweeney walked , Febles scored , Tucker to third , Randa to second . Relaford at third base . Berger in right field . Tucker in center field . Ibanez flied out to right center . 7 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Bukvich pitching for Royals . Olivo grounded out to pitcher . Jimenez flied out to left . Valentin walked . Thomas flied out to deep left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Royals 12 .	Koch , White Sox suffer late meltdown against Royals