Royals - Top 1st . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Tucker flied out to center . Randa struck out swinging . Sweeney fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Asencio pitching for Royals . Higginson singled to right . Infante flied out to center . Pena singled to right , Higginson to second . Young safe at first on error by second baseman Febles , Higginson scored , Pena to third . Palmer grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pena out at home , Young to second . Munson reached on infield single to third , Young to third , Palmer to second . Inge flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Ibanez flied out to left . Berger flied out to center . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Asencio pitching for Royals . Santiago singled to center . Kingsale sacrificed to pitcher , Santiago to second . Higginson grounded out to second , Santiago to third . Infante grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Berroa struck out swinging . Mayne flied out to center . Febles struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Asencio pitching for Royals . Pena lined out to second . Young flied out to left . Palmer walked . Munson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Tucker flied out to center . Randa singled to left . Sweeney flied out to left . Ibanez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Asencio pitching for Royals . Inge struck out swinging . Santiago walked . Kingsale reached on infield single to shortstop , Santiago to second . Higginson grounded out to second , Santiago to third , Kingsale to second . Infante grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Berger walked . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Berger out at second . Berroa lined out to third . Mayne hit by pitch , Lopez to second . Febles grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Asencio pitching for Royals . Pena grounded out to first . Young singled to right center . Palmer walked , Young to second . Munson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Palmer out at second , Young to third . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Munson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Tucker grounded out to first . Randa singled to right . Sweeney singled to left , Randa to second . Ibanez singled to right center , Randa scored , Sweeney to third . Sweeney scored , Ibanez to second on wild pitch by Maroth . Berger grounded out to shortstop , Ibanez to third . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Santiago walked . Kingsale grounded out to pitcher , Santiago to second . Higginson struck out looking . Infante struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Berroa lined out to pitcher . Mayne flied out to left . Febles singled to right center . Tucker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Pena struck out looking . Young struck out looking . German pitching for Tigers . Palmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Randa walked . Sweeney popped out to first . Walker pitching for Tigers . Ibanez homered to right , Randa scored . Berger grounded out to shortstop . Johnson in center field . Tucker in right field . Lopez popped out to shallow right . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Walbeck hit for Inge . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Munson struck out swinging . Walbeck safe at first on error by center fielder Johnson . Walbeck catching . Bocachica in center field . Anderson pitching for Tigers . Santiago grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Walbeck out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Berroa doubled to left . Mayne flied out to right . Febles grounded out to shortstop , Berroa to third . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Tucker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Bocachica grounded out to third . Higginson walked . Halter hit for Infante . Halter walked , Higginson to second . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Halter out at second , Higginson to third , Higginson scored on error by pitcher MacDougal . Young reached first base on catcher 's interference , Pena to second . Young grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 4 - Tigers 2 .	Royals extend franchise 's best start to 7 - 0 ; Tigers 0 - 8