Indians - Top 1st . May pitching for Royals . Crisp singled to right . Lawton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crisp out at second . Bradley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Traber pitching for Indians . Tucker struck out looking . Relaford hit for Randa . Relaford singled to center . Beltran singled to left , Relaford to second . Harvey singled to center , Relaford to third , Beltran to second . Ibanez walked , Relaford scored , Beltran to third , Harvey to second . Berroa hit sacrifice fly to left , Beltran scored . Relaford at third base . Burkhart grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . May pitching for Royals . Spencer walked . Blake flied out to center . Laker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Spencer out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Traber pitching for Indians . Mayne walked . Febles reached on bunt single to pitcher , Mayne to second . Tucker sacrificed to first , Mayne to third , Febles to second . Relaford doubled to right , Mayne and Febles scored . Beltran singled to left , Relaford scored . Harvey singled to right center , Beltran to third . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltran scored , Harvey out at second . Berroa reached on infield single to third , Ibanez to second , Berroa to third on throwing error by third baseman Blake . Burkhart struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 3rd . May pitching for Royals . Broussard fouled out to third . Phillips singled to right . Peralta singled to shallow center , Phillips to third . Crisp hit sacrifice fly to right center , Phillips scored . Lawton lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Traber pitching for Indians . Mayne struck out swinging . Febles singled to center . Tucker singled to left , Febles to second . Relaford grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Tucker out at second , Febles to third . Beltran singled to shallow center , Febles scored , Relaford to third , Beltran to second on throwing error by center fielder Bradley . Harvey intentionally walked . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Ibanez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 4th . May pitching for Royals . Bradley grounded out to first . Spencer homered to left center . Blake flied out to deep right center . Laker singled to center . Broussard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Laker out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Berroa flied out to right . Burkhart grounded out to first . Mayne struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . May pitching for Royals . Phillips singled to left . Peralta grounded into double play , third to second to first , Phillips out at second . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Febles grounded out to third . Tucker grounded out to second . Relaford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . May pitching for Royals . Lawton grounded out to first . Bradley struck out swinging . Bierbrodt pitching for Indians . Spencer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Bierbrodt pitching for Indians . Beltran walked . Beltran stole second . Harvey grounded out to shortstop , Beltran to third . Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to center , Beltran scored . Berroa flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . May pitching for Royals . Blake popped out to shallow center . Laker grounded out to third . Broussard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Bierbrodt pitching for Indians . Burkhart struck out swinging . Mayne grounded out to second . Febles flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . May pitching for Royals . Phillips popped out to shortstop . Peralta struck out swinging . Herrera pitching for Indians . Crisp flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Herrera pitching for Indians . Tucker struck out swinging . Relaford doubled to deep right center . Beltran walked . Harvey grounded out to pitcher , Relaford to third , Beltran to second . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . May pitching for Royals . Lawton lined out to second . Bradley popped out to second . Spencer walked . Blake grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 2 - Royals 8 .	May tosses complete gem in Royals ' win over Indians