Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Voyles pitching for Royals . Finley struck out swinging . Kata popped out to shortstop . Cintron doubled to right . Gonzalez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Guiel homered to right center . Randa flied out to left . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . Beltran singled to left . White struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Voyles pitching for Royals . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Jose flied out to right . Bautista tripled to center , Bautista out stretching at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Harvey safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Hillenbrand . Berroa flied out to left , Harvey to third . Lopez walked . Prince grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Voyles pitching for Royals . Baerga singled to center . Moeller sacrificed to pitcher , Baerga to second . Finley flied out to right , Baerga to third . Kata singled to right , Baerga scored . Cintron walked , Kata to second . Gonzalez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Guiel doubled to right center . Randa flied out to right . Sweeney singled to left , Guiel to third . Beltran hit sacrifice fly to right , Guiel scored . White walked , Sweeney to second . Harvey flied out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Voyles pitching for Royals . Hillenbrand flied out to center . Jose struck out swinging . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Berroa struck out swinging . Lopez struck out swinging . Prince singled to left . Guiel singled to right , Prince to second . Randa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Voyles pitching for Royals . Baerga grounded out to catcher . Moeller flied out to deep left . Finley walked . Kata walked , Finley to second . Cintron flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney flied out to right . Beltran singled to left . White singled to center , Beltran to third . Harvey singled to center , Beltran scored , White to second . Berroa singled to center , White scored , Harvey to second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Berroa out at second , Harvey to third . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Ibanez in left field . Prince flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Hillenbrand grounded out to first . Jose singled to left center . Bautista walked , Jose to second . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Baerga grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Guiel struck out swinging . Randa grounded out to first . Sweeney flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Moeller grounded out to third . Finley hit by pitch . Finley to second on passed ball by Prince . Kata walked . Cintron singled to center , Finley to third , Kata to second . Gonzalez singled to right , Finley and Kata scored , Cintron to third . Grimsley pitching for Royals . Hillenbrand hit sacrifice fly to left , Cintron scored . Jose reached on infield single to first , Gonzalez to second . McCracken ran for Jose . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Beltran reached on infield single to second . Ibanez flied out to center . Beltran stole second . Harvey walked . Brown hit for Lopez . Berroa struck out swinging . Matos at second base . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Grimsley pitching for Royals . Baerga walked . Counsell ran for Baerga . Moeller sacrificed to first , Counsell to second . Finley walked . Levine pitching for Royals . Kata walked , Counsell to third , Finley to second . Cintron singled to center , Counsell scored , Finley to third , Kata to second . Counsell at third base . Hillenbrand at first base . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . DeJesus hit for Prince . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cintron out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . DeJesus struck out looking . Guiel grounded out to second . Wilson pitching for Royals . Mayne catching . Randa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Wilson pitching for Royals . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . McCracken grounded out to third . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Bautista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney grounded out to second . Beltran walked . Beltran stole second . Ibanez walked . Beltran stole third , Ibanez stole second . Harvey hit sacrifice fly to right , Beltran scored . Berroa fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Wilson pitching for Royals . Counsell reached on bunt single to second , Counsell to second on throwing error by second baseman Matos . Overbay hit for Moeller . Overbay singled to center , Counsell scored . Overbay to second on balk by Wilson . Finley grounded out to second , Overbay to third . Kata struck out looking . Barajas catching . Relaford hit for Matos . Cintron flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 10th . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Relaford grounded out to first . Mayne grounded out to second . Guiel singled to center . Randa walked , Guiel to second . Sweeney popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Royals 5 .	Arizona 6 , Kansas City 5 ( 10 innings )