Royals - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Berroa grounded out to first . Beltran grounded out to first . White grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Abbott pitching for Royals . Crisp grounded out to first . Gerut grounded out to first . Broussard walked . Escobar singled to left , Broussard to second . Martinez singled to center , Broussard scored , Escobar to third . Hafner popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Ibanez walked . Randa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ibanez out at second . Guiel singled to right . Harvey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Abbott pitching for Royals . LaRocca reached on infield single to shortstop . Peralta doubled to left , LaRocca scored , Peralta to third advancing on throw . Phillips struck out swinging . Crisp struck out swinging . Gerut walked . Broussard struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Relaford struck out looking . Mayne grounded out to third . Berroa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Abbott pitching for Royals . Escobar grounded out to third . Martinez struck out swinging . Hafner homered to right center . LaRocca popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Beltran singled to right . Beltran stole second . White grounded out to second , Beltran to third . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Beltran out at home . Randa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Abbott pitching for Royals . Peralta struck out swinging . Phillips struck out swinging . Crisp lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Guiel struck out looking . Harvey grounded out to pitcher . Relaford grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Abbott pitching for Royals . Gerut grounded out to first . Broussard grounded out to second . Escobar homered to left center . Martinez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Mayne hit by pitch . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mayne out at second . Beltran grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Berroa out at second . Field pitching for Royals . White grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beltran out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Field pitching for Royals . Hafner grounded out to second . LaRocca singled to center . Peralta struck out swinging . Phillips singled to center , LaRocca to second . Lloyd pitching for Royals . Crisp walked , LaRocca to third , Phillips to second . Gerut singled to center , LaRocca and Phillips scored , Crisp to third . Broussard grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Ibanez doubled to deep left center . Randa grounded out to second , Ibanez to third . Guiel doubled to deep right , Ibanez scored . Cressend pitching for Indians . Harvey walked . Sweeney hit for Mayne . Relaford singled to right , Guiel to third , Harvey to second . Prince catching . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Relaford out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Lloyd pitching for Royals . Escobar singled to left . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Escobar safe at third on error by second baseman Relaford , Martinez safe at second on error by second baseman Relaford . Wilson pitching for Royals . Hafner grounded out to first . LaRocca safe at on error by pitcher Wilson . Peralta singled to right center , Escobar scored , Martinez to third , LaRocca to second . Phillips hit by pitch , Martinez scored , LaRocca to third , Peralta to second . Crisp hit sacrifice fly to right , LaRocca scored . Gerut grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 8th . Cressend pitching for Indians . Berroa walked . Beltran struck out swinging . White struck out looking . Matos at shortstop . DeJesus in center field . Brown in left field . Patterson at third base . Ibanez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Wilson pitching for Royals . Broussard flied out to center . Magruder doubled to right . Martinez lined out to right . Riske pitching for Indians . Hafner popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Riske pitching for Indians . Patterson struck out swinging . Guiel flied out to center . Harvey grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 1 - Indians 9 .	Royals suffer blow to postseason hopes