Tigers - Top 1st . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Petrick fouled out to third . Morris struck out looking . Higginson homered to right . Young grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Figgins bunt grounded out to pitcher . Anderson reached on infield single to second . Salmon lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Pena walked . Witt grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pena out at second . Halter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Spiezio singled to right . Davanon flied out to left . Molina grounded out to third , Spiezio to second . Kennedy homered to right center , Spiezio scored . Amezaga singled to right center . Amezaga stole second . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Inge flied out to center . Klassen struck out swinging . Petrick singled to shallow right . Morris walked , Petrick to second . Higginson fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Anderson flied out to center . Salmon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Young lined out to right . Pena singled to shallow left . Witt singled to left , Pena to second . Halter grounded out to pitcher , Pena to third , Witt to second . Inge singled to left , Pena and Witt scored . Klassen flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Spiezio homered to right . Davanon doubled to right . Molina grounded out to third . Kennedy hit by pitch . Amezaga grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Davanon out at third , Kennedy to second . Eckstein doubled to left , Kennedy scored , Amezaga to third . Figgins flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Petrick flied out to right . Morris singled to center . Higginson singled to right , Morris to second . Young singled to left , Morris thrown out at home , Higginson to second . Higginson to third , Young to second on wild pitch by Ortiz . Pena walked . Witt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Anderson grounded out to second . Salmon flied out to left . Spiezio singled to right . Spiezio stole second . Davanon walked . Molina struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Quinlan at first base . Spiezio at third base . Amezaga at shortstop . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Halter flied out to right . Inge struck out swinging . Klassen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Loux pitching for Tigers . Kennedy singled to right center . Kennedy stole second . Amezaga hit by pitch . Quinlan sacrificed to pitcher , Kennedy to third , Amezaga to second . Figgins singled to center , Kennedy and Amezaga scored , Figgins thrown out at second attempting to advance on throw . Eckenstahler pitching for Tigers . Anderson doubled to right center . Jones pitching for Angels . Salmon struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Jones pitching for Angels . Petrick homered to left center . Morris grounded out to shortstop . Higginson flied out to left center . Young singled to center . Pena struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Eckenstahler pitching for Tigers . Spiezio grounded out to shortstop . Davanon walked . Davanon stole second . Molina walked , Davanon stole third . Molina batting . Kennedy grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Davanon scored , Molina out at second . Kennedy stole second , Kennedy safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Eckenstahler . Mears pitching for Tigers . Amezaga walked . Quinlan safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Klassen , Kennedy scored , Amezaga to second . Figgins singled to right , Amezaga scored , Quinlan to third . Anderson doubled to left center , Quinlan and Figgins scored . Owens ran for Anderson . Owens in left field . Salmon flied out to right . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Jones pitching for Angels . Witt doubled to right . Halter grounded out to second , Witt to third . Inge doubled to right center , Witt scored . Inge to third on wild pitch by Jones . Klassen grounded out to second , Inge scored . Patterson pitching for Tigers . Walbeck catching . Petrick grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Patterson pitching for Tigers . Spiezio flied out to center . Davanon struck out swinging . Molina singled to center . Kennedy singled to center , Molina to second . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Amezaga grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kennedy out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Morris struck out looking . Higginson grounded out to second . Young singled to center . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 6 - Angels 11 .	Anderson sets club hits mark in Angels ' win