Giants - Top 1st . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Torres flied out to center . Sanchez tripled to deep right center . Huff doubled to right , Sanchez scored . Posey homered to left ( 366 feet ) , Huff scored . Sandoval singled to left . Burrell grounded into double play , third to second to first , Sandoval out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Venable struck out swinging . Bartlett struck out swinging . Hudson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Belt struck out swinging . Tejada safe at first on error by third baseman Headley . Lincecum sacrificed to first , Tejada to second . Torres walked . Sanchez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Hawpe struck out swinging . Ludwick grounded out to third . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Huff safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Stauffer . Posey singled to shallow right center , Huff to second . Sandoval flied out to center , Huff to third . Burrell grounded into double play , third to second to catcher , Posey out at second , Huff out at home , Burrell to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Maybin struck out swinging . Hundley homered to left ( 392 feet ) . Stauffer flied out to right . Venable struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Belt singled to deep right center . Tejada grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Belt out at second . Lincecum grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Bartlett grounded out to third . Hudson fouled out to catcher . Hawpe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Torres walked . Sanchez grounded out to third , Torres to second . Huff doubled to left center , Torres scored . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Huff out at second . Sandoval singled to right , Posey to third . Neshek pitching for Padres . Burrell struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Huff in left field . Schierholtz in right field . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Ludwick struck out looking . Headley doubled to center . Maybin struck out swinging . Hundley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Neshek pitching for Padres . Belt singled to deep right . Tejada walked , Belt to second . Lincecum sacrificed to third , Belt to third , Tejada to second . Luebke pitching for Padres . Hunter in center field . Torres struck out swinging . Sanchez intentionally walked . Huff reached on infield single to pitcher , Belt scored , Tejada to third , Sanchez to second . Frieri pitching for Padres . Posey singled to right , Tejada and Sanchez scored , Huff to second . Sandoval singled to right , Huff scored , Posey to second . Schierholtz popped out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Hunter flied out to right . Venable grounded out to first . Bartlett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Frieri pitching for Padres . Belt struck out swinging . Tejada fouled out to third . Lincecum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Hudson doubled to deep left . Hawpe struck out swinging . Ludwick struck out swinging . Headley grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Deduno pitching for Padres . Torres doubled to deep left center . Sanchez walked . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sanchez out at second , Torres to third . Posey struck out swinging . Sandoval grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Romo pitching for Giants . Denorfia hit for Deduno . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . Hundley grounded out to third . Johnson hit for Hunter . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Gonzalez at shortstop . Denorfia in center field . Qualls pitching for Padres . Johnson catching . Schierholtz flied out to center . Belt grounded out to pitcher . Tejada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Wilson pitching for Giants . Venable flied out to right . Gonzalez reached on infield single to pitcher . Hudson walked , Gonzalez to second . Hawpe reached on infield single to shortstop , Gonzalez to third , Hudson to second , Gonzalez scored , Hudson to third on throwing error by shortstop Tejada . Ludwick struck out swinging . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Headley doubled to deep center , Hudson and Hawpe scored . Denorfia walked . Cantu hit for Qualls . Cantu singled to left , Headley to third , Denorfia to second . Ramirez pitching for Giants . Johnson flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Giants 8 - Padres 4 .	Lincecum fans 13 ; Giants win