Padres - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Denorfia flied out to center . Bartlett struck out swinging . Cantu singled to center . Headley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Moseley pitching for Padres . Smith singled to center . Herrera walked , Smith to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Herrera out at second , Smith to third . Gonzalez stole second . Tulowitzki singled to right center , Smith and Gonzalez scored . Tulowitzki stole second . Helton singled to right center , Tulowitzki scored . Wigginton popped out to second . Spilborghs singled to center , Helton to second . Iannetta walked , Helton to third , Spilborghs to second . De La Rosa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Iannetta out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Maybin homered to right ( 396 feet ) . Ludwick struck out swinging . Johnson walked . Gonzalez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Johnson out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Moseley pitching for Padres . Smith grounded out to first . Herrera singled to center . Gonzalez tripled to deep right center , Herrera scored , Gonzalez scored on throwing error by shortstop Bartlett . Tulowitzki singled to center . Helton flied out to center . Wigginton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Moseley flied out to right . Denorfia flied out to left . Bartlett flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Moseley pitching for Padres . Spilborghs flied out to right . Iannetta grounded out to second . De La Rosa singled to center . Smith lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Cantu flied out to right . Headley singled to right . Maybin reached on bunt single to third , Headley to second . Ludwick singled to center , Headley scored , Maybin to third . Johnson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ludwick out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Moseley pitching for Padres . Herrera struck out looking . Gonzalez popped out to second . Tulowitzki homered to left ( 420 feet ) . Helton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez walked . Forsythe hit for Moseley . Forsythe lined out to left . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop , Gonzalez to second . Bartlett singled to right , Gonzalez scored . Bartlett to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Cantu struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Scribner pitching for Padres . Wigginton doubled to left center . Spilborghs reached on bunt single to catcher , Wigginton to third . Iannetta grounded out to pitcher , Spilborghs to second . De La Rosa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wigginton scored , Spilborghs to third . Smith singled to right , Spilborghs scored , De La Rosa to second . Herrera singled to left , De La Rosa to third , Smith to second . Gonzalez lined out to left . Tulowitzki flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Headley grounded out to third . Maybin reached on infield single to third . Ludwick singled to left , Maybin to second . Maybin to third , Ludwick to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Johnson grounded out to shortstop , Maybin scored , Ludwick to third . Gonzalez doubled to left , Ludwick scored . Hawpe hit for Scribner . Hawpe walked . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Denorfia flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Qualls pitching for Padres . Helton doubled to deep right center . Wigginton grounded out to second , Helton to third . Spilborghs reached on infield single to shortstop , Helton scored . Iannetta lined into double play , right to first , Spilborghs doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Lopez at third base . Wigginton at first base . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Bartlett lined out to second . Cantu struck out swinging . Headley walked . Maybin homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Headley scored . Ludwick struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Qualls pitching for Padres . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Smith struck out swinging . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Johnson fouled out to first . Gonzalez flied out to left . Venable hit for Qualls . Venable singled to center . Denorfia lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Frieri pitching for Padres . Venable in right field . Gonzalez walked . Gonzalez stole second . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Fowler hit for Betancourt . Fowler singled to left , Gonzalez scored , Fowler to second advancing on throw . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop , Fowler to third . Spilborghs safe at third on error by left fielder Ludwick , Fowler scored . Spilborghs scored on Frieri 's balk . Iannetta popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 9th . Fowler in center field . Street pitching for Rockies . Bartlett flied out to left . Cantu flied out to right . Headley grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 7 - Rockies 12 .	Tulowitzki gets Rockies past Maybin , Padres \n