Padres - Top 1st . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Venable grounded out to shortstop . Bartlett flied out to center . Headley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Harang pitching for Padres . Fowler flied out to left . Herrera flied out to center . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Hawpe singled to center . Maybin reached on infield single to third , Hawpe to second . Ludwick flied out to center , Hawpe to third . Phillips singled to center , Hawpe scored , Maybin to third . Patterson popped out to shortstop . Harang struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Harang pitching for Padres . Tulowitzki singled to left . Helton struck out swinging . Smith lined out to left . Wigginton reached on infield single to third , Tulowitzki to second . Iannetta walked , Tulowitzki to third , Wigginton to second . Chacin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iannetta out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Venable struck out swinging . Bartlett grounded out to first . Headley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Harang pitching for Padres . Fowler walked . Herrera reached on bunt single to pitcher , Fowler to second . Gonzalez singled to shallow left , Fowler scored , Herrera to second . Tulowitzki doubled to deep left , Herrera and Gonzalez scored , Tulowitzki out stretching at third . Helton homered to center ( 425 feet ) . Smith grounded out to second . Wigginton safe at first on error by third baseman Headley . Wigginton stole second . Iannetta intentionally walked . Chacin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iannetta out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 4th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Hawpe struck out looking . Maybin flied out to center . Ludwick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Cantu at third base . Harang pitching for Padres . Fowler struck out swinging . Herrera flied out to center . Gonzalez homered to right ( 426 feet ) . Tulowitzki struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Phillips grounded out to first . Patterson grounded out to first . Harang struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Harang pitching for Padres . Helton walked . Smith hit ground rule double to deep left , Helton to third . Wigginton singled to center , Helton scored , Smith to third . Iannetta hit sacrifice fly to right , Smith scored . Luebke pitching for Padres . Chacin sacrificed to pitcher , Wigginton to second . Fowler flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Venable grounded out to second . Bartlett doubled to deep left . Cantu struck out swinging . Hawpe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Luebke pitching for Padres . Herrera flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Tulowitzki popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Maybin walked . Ludwick singled to left , Maybin to second . Phillips walked , Maybin to third , Ludwick to second . Patterson safe at first on error by pitcher Chacin , Maybin scored , Ludwick advanced to third on Chacin error , Phillips advanced to second on Chacin error , Ludwick scored , Phillips to third , Patterson to second on throwing error by pitch . Lindstrom pitching for Rockies . Denorfia hit for Luebke . Denorfia reached on infield single to third , Phillips scored . Venable lined out to right , Patterson to third . Bartlett hit sacrifice fly to right , Patterson scored . Denorfia stole second . Cantu popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Helton grounded out to third . Smith lined out to second . Wigginton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Hawpe singled to right center . Maybin singled to right , Hawpe to third . Ludwick hit sacrifice fly to right , Hawpe scored . Maybin to second on balk by Betancourt . Phillips flied out to left . Patterson singled to center , Maybin scored , Patterson to second advancing on throw . Gonzalez hit for Gregerson . Patterson stole third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Adams pitching for Padres . Gonzalez at second base . Iannetta flied out to center . Amezaga hit for Betancourt . Amezaga flied out to center . Fowler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Street pitching for Rockies . Venable doubled to deep left . Bartlett sacrificed to pitcher , Venable to third . Cantu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Venable out at home . Hawpe homered to right ( 427 feet ) , Cantu scored . Maybin grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Johnson catching . Bell pitching for Padres . Herrera grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez lined out to third . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 9 - Rockies 7 .	Pirates rally late after Rockies blow 7 - 1 lead