Padres - Top 1st . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Maybin struck out swinging . Bartlett flied out to right . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Harang pitching for Padres . McCutchen singled to left . Jones doubled to right , McCutchen to third . Walker singled to left center , McCutchen scored , Jones to third . Ludwick singled to left center , Jones scored , Walker to second . Alvarez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ludwick out at second , Walker to third . Doumit grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Guzman singled to center . Hudson doubled to deep center , Guzman to third . Venable singled to right , Guzman scored , Hudson to third . Venable to second on wild pitch by Karstens . Blanks popped out to shortstop . Martinez grounded out to third , Hudson scored . Harang flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Harang pitching for Padres . Paul reached on bunt single to pitcher . Cedeno singled to right , Paul scored . Karstens sacrificed to catcher , Cedeno to second . McCutchen flied out to right , Cedeno to third . Jones walked . Walker flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 3rd . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Maybin doubled to deep center . Bartlett grounded out to third , Maybin to third . Headley grounded out to second , Maybin scored . Guzman safe at first on error by third baseman Alvarez . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guzman out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Harang pitching for Padres . Ludwick singled to center . Alvarez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ludwick out at second . Doumit homered to right center ( 410 feet ) . Paul doubled to right . Cedeno intentionally walked . Karstens struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Venable singled to left . Blanks singled to left , Venable to second . Martinez singled to center , Venable scored , Blanks to second . Harang grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blanks out at third , Martinez to second . Maybin reached on infield single to catcher , Martinez to third , Harang to second . Bartlett walked , Martinez scored , Harang to third , Maybin to second . Headley homered to center ( 408 feet ) , Harang , Maybin and Bartlett scored . Watson pitching for Pirates . Guzman grounded out to second . Hudson struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Harang pitching for Padres . McCutchen flied out to right . Jones singled to center . Walker singled to right , Jones to second . Ludwick singled to center , Jones to third , Walker to second . Alvarez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ludwick out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Venable lined out to first . Blanks homered to left ( 381 feet ) . Martinez flied out to right . Harang grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Harang pitching for Padres . Doumit singled to left . Paul walked , Doumit to second . Cedeno flied out to right . Pearce hit for Watson . Pearce grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Paul out at second , Doumit to third . McCutchen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Grilli pitching for Pirates . Maybin safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno . Bartlett walked . Headley struck out swinging . Maybin picked off second . Guzman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Jones grounded out to second . Walker flied out to center . Ludwick walked . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Grilli pitching for Pirates . Hudson walked . Venable tripled to deep right center , Hudson scored . Blanks struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to shortstop , Venable scored . Cunningham hit for Thatcher . Cunningham homered to left ( 405 feet ) . Maybin walked . Bartlett lined out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Hamren pitching for Padres . Gonzalez at shortstop . Doumit flied out to center . Paul grounded out to first . Cedeno singled to center . Diaz hit for Grilli . Diaz walked , Cedeno to second . McCutchen walked , Cedeno to third , Diaz to second . Jones walked , Cedeno scored , Diaz to third , McCutchen to second . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Walker grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Headley singled to left . Guzman homered to left ( 406 feet ) , Headley scored . Hudson flied out to center . Venable grounded out to first . Blanks struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Ludwick singled to center . Alvarez grounded out to second , Ludwick to second . Doumit popped out to shortstop . Paul grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Beimel pitching for Pirates . Martinez hit by pitch . Gonzalez grounded out to third , Martinez to second . Maybin reached on infield single to third . Forsythe hit for Gregerson . Forsythe struck out swinging . Headley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at third , Maybin to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Forsythe at second base . Frieri pitching for Padres . Cedeno struck out swinging . Wood hit for Beimel . Wood struck out swinging . McCutchen walked . Jones walked , McCutchen to second . Walker popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 15 - Pirates 5 .	Headley 's slam sparks Padres ' rout of Pirates