Yankees - Top 1st. Colon pitching for Athletics. Jeter lined out to center. Granderson fouled out to third. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Weeks singled to right. Crisp sacrificed to pitcher, Weeks to second. Reddick struck out swinging. Gomes singled to right, Weeks scored. Donaldson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Colon pitching for Athletics. Cano homered to right (394 feet). Teixeira flied out to right. Ibanez struck out swinging. Swisher grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Suzuki walked. Pennington struck out swinging. Rosales flied out to right. Cowgill singled to center, Suzuki to second. Weeks reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki to third, Cowgill to second. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Weeks out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Colon pitching for Athletics. Chavez doubled to deep left center. Stewart sacrificed to pitcher, Chavez to third. Jeter singled to center, Chavez scored. Granderson struck out swinging. Rodriguez fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Reddick homered to center (407 feet). Gomes lined out to right. Donaldson fouled out to left. Suzuki walked. Pennington struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Colon pitching for Athletics. Cano flied out to left. Teixeira homered to right (400 feet). Ibanez flied out to center. Swisher doubled to deep right. Chavez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Rosales grounded out to shortstop. Cowgill singled to center. Cowgill to second on passed ball by Stewart. Weeks grounded out to second, Cowgill to third. Crisp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Colon pitching for Athletics. Stewart singled to center. Jeter reached on bunt single to pitcher, Stewart to second. Granderson flied out to left, Stewart to third. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to right, Stewart scored. Cano doubled to right, Jeter to third. Teixeira singled to right, Jeter and Cano scored. Ibanez flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Reddick grounded out to shortstop. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. Donaldson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Colon pitching for Athletics. Swisher struck out swinging. Chavez lined out to third. Stewart popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Suzuki grounded out to second. Pennington popped out to second. Rosales lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Norberto pitching for Athletics. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Granderson walked. Granderson caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Rodriguez walked. Cano popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Cowgill singled to center. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cowgill out at second. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Weeks out at second. Reddick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Godfrey pitching for Athletics. Teixeira reached on infield single to second. Ibanez lined into double play, to first, Teixeira doubled off first. Swisher singled to center. Chavez singled to right, Swisher to second. Stewart safe at first on error by shortstop Pennington, Swisher to third, Chavez to second. Jeter hit by pitch, Swisher scored, Chavez to third, Stewart to second. Granderson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Wade pitching for Yankees. Gomes popped out to third. Donaldson struck out looking. Suzuki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Godfrey pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez fouled out to first. Cano singled to left. Teixeira homered to center (414 feet), Cano scored. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop. Swisher struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Wise in left field. Eppley pitching for Yankees. Pennington grounded out to second. Rosales walked. Cowgill grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rosales out at second. Cowgill to second on fielder's indifference. Weeks flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 9 - Athletics 2.	Teixeira hits 2 HRs as Yanks roll   \n\n