Angels - Top 1st. Nova pitching for Yankees. Trout flied out to right. Aybar homered to right (407 feet). Pujols homered to left (428 feet). Morales struck out swinging. Trumbo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Jeter lined out to center. Granderson singled to right. Rodriguez homered to right (387 feet), Granderson scored. Cano singled to center. Teixeira struck out swinging. Swisher struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Callaspo flied out to center. Izturis struck out swinging. Bourjos flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Ibanez grounded out to second. Chavez singled to right. Martin bunt grounded out to third, Chavez to second. Jeter singled to center, Chavez scored, Jeter thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Wilson flied out to right. Trout flied out to center. Aybar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Granderson flied out to center. Rodriguez singled to center. Cano singled to right, Rodriguez to third. Rodriguez out at home advancing on play, Cano out at second advancing on play. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Pujols singled to left. Morales grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second. Trumbo singled to left, Morales to second. Callaspo flied out to left. Izturis walked, Morales to third, Trumbo to second. Bourjos flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Teixeira grounded out to third. Swisher walked. Ibanez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Swisher out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Wilson popped out to second. Trout grounded out to shortstop. Aybar walked. Pujols flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Chavez reached on infield single to shortstop. Martin bunt popped into double play, pitcher to first, Chavez out at first. Jeter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Morales singled to right. Trumbo singled to right, Morales to third. Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to center, Morales scored. Izturis homered to right (383 feet), Trumbo scored. Bourjos flied out to right. Wilson grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Granderson homered to right (393 feet). Rodriguez struck out swinging. Cano struck out swinging. Teixeira grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Trout doubled to deep center. Aybar singled to right, Trout to third. Qualls pitching for Yankees. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Trout scored, Aybar out at second. Morales singled to right. Trumbo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morales out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Swisher flied out to left. Ibanez popped out to second. Chavez homered to center (417 feet). Martin flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Qualls pitching for Yankees. Callaspo grounded out to first. Izturis walked. Bourjos reached on bunt single to pitcher, Izturis to second. Izturis to third on wild pitch by Qualls. Wilson singled to left center, Izturis scored, Bourjos to third. Trout doubled to right center, Bourjos scored, Wilson to third. Logan pitching for Yankees. Aybar sacrificed to pitcher, Wilson scored, Trout to third. Pujols intentionally walked. Morales lined out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Isringhausen pitching for Angels. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Granderson grounded out to second. Rodriguez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Trumbo homered to left (380 feet). Callaspo popped out to third. Izturis flied out to right. Bourjos singled to center. Bourjos to second on wild pitch by Mitchell. Wilson walked. Trout walked, Bourjos to third, Wilson to second. Aybar grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Hunter in right field. Frieri pitching for Angels. Cano walked. Teixeira homered to right (394 feet), Cano scored. Swisher walked. Ibanez reached on infield single to shortstop, Swisher to second. Downs pitching for Angels. Jones hit for Chavez. Jones struck out swinging. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibanez out at second, Swisher to third. Jeter walked, Martin to second. Granderson walked, Swisher scored, Martin to third, Jeter to second. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Rodriguez popped out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Yankees 8.	Yanks leave 'em loaded in 9th, fall to Angels