Orioles - Top 1st. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Hardy doubled to deep center. Davis flied out to right. Jones popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Britton pitching for Orioles. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Granderson homered to right (407 feet). Swisher doubled to right. Cano reached on infield single to first, Swisher to third. Jones hit sacrifice fly to center, Swisher scored. Martin struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Wieters flied out to center. Betemit singled to shallow left. Reynolds doubled to left, Betemit to third. Chavez grounded out to first, Betemit scored, Reynolds to third. Quintanilla flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Britton pitching for Orioles. McGehee walked. Suzuki flied out to right. McGehee to second on passed ball by Wieters. Nix singled to center, McGehee to third. Jeter singled to right, McGehee scored, Nix to third. Granderson struck out swinging. Swisher singled to left, Nix scored, Jeter to second. Cano grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Markakis singled to right. Hardy singled to right, Markakis to second. Davis grounded into double play, second to first, Hardy out at second, Markakis to third. Jones lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Britton pitching for Orioles. Jones struck out looking. Martin walked. McGehee walked, Martin to second. Suzuki flied out to center. Nix hit ground rule double to deep left center, Martin scored, McGehee to third. Gregg pitching for Orioles. Jeter singled to center, McGehee and Nix scored. Granderson singled to center, Jeter to second. Swisher walked, Jeter to third, Granderson to second. Cano homered to right (360 feet), Jeter, Granderson and Swisher scored. Jones struck out looking. 7 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Wieters singled to center. Betemit singled to right center, Wieters to second. Reynolds flied out to right. Chavez flied out to center. Quintanilla struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Gregg pitching for Orioles. Martin singled to left. McGehee grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martin out at second. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Nix flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Markakis struck out swinging. Hardy flied out to right. Davis singled to right. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop, Davis to second. Wieters popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Lindstrom pitching for Orioles. Jeter singled to center. Granderson struck out swinging. Swisher lined into double play, shortstop to first, Jeter doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Betemit walked. Reynolds flied out to left. Chavez grounded out to third, Betemit to second. Quintanilla walked. Markakis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Lindstrom pitching for Orioles. Cano hit by pitch. Jones singled to left, Cano to second. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second, Cano to third. McGehee grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Hardy homered to left (360 feet). Davis grounded out to shortstop. Jones singled to center. Wieters singled to right, Jones to second. Betemit grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wieters out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Flaherty at second base. Ford in left field. Teagarden catching. Chavez in center field. Quintanilla at shortstop. Ayala pitching for Orioles. Suzuki grounded out to second. Nix singled to center. Chavez hit for Jeter. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Nix out at second. Granderson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Chavez at third base. Nix at shortstop. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Reynolds walked. Chavez doubled to deep left, Reynolds scored. Quintanilla popped out to shortstop. Markakis lined out to shortstop. Rapada pitching for Yankees. Flaherty struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Andino at second base. Flaherty in right field. Ayala pitching for Orioles. Swisher grounded out to first. Cano walked. Jones hit by pitch, Cano to second. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Martin walked, Cano to third, Jones to second. McGehee hit sacrifice fly to center, Cano scored. Suzuki flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Rapada pitching for Yankees. Davis struck out looking. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Ford struck out looking. Teagarden fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 3 - Yankees 12.	Joba returns in Yankees' win