Yankees - Top 1st. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to left. Rodriguez popped out to shortstop. Cano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Lawrie lined out to right. Davis singled to left. Encarnacion walked, Davis to second. Escobar doubled to deep right, Davis scored, Encarnacion to third. Lind hit sacrifice fly to center, Encarnacion scored, Escobar to third. Sierra grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Swisher struck out looking. Granderson grounded out to second. Ibanez singled to center. Martin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Arencibia fouled out to first. Hechavarria struck out swinging. Gose walked. Lawrie singled to shallow left center, Gose to third. Davis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Chavez homered to right (378 feet). Jeter flied out to right. Suzuki grounded out to second. Rodriguez singled to left. Cano safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lawrie, Rodriguez to third. Swisher grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Encarnacion flied out to right. Escobar flied out to center. Lind flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Granderson grounded out to second. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Sierra struck out swinging. Arencibia flied out to center. Hechavarria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. Jeter singled to left. Suzuki lined out to shortstop. Rodriguez lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Gose reached on infield single to shortstop. Lawrie homered to left (459 feet), Gose scored. Davis struck out swinging. Encarnacion grounded out to second. Escobar singled to shallow left. Lind singled to shallow right, Escobar to third. Sierra singled to shallow left, Escobar scored, Lind to third. Lowe pitching for Yankees. Arencibia flied out to left. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays. Cano doubled to deep center. Swisher singled to shallow right, Cano to third. Cano scored, Swisher to second on wild pitch by Alvarez. Granderson grounded out to pitcher. Ibanez grounded out to first, Swisher to third. Martin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Yankees. Hechavarria grounded out to second. Gose grounded out to first. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Nunez hit for Chavez. Nunez singled to shallow center. Delabar pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter hit ground rule double to right, Nunez to third. Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to center, Nunez scored. Rodriguez walked. Cano doubled to shallow right, Jeter scored, Rodriguez to third. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez scored, Cano to third on wild pitch by Loup. Swisher lined into double play, shortstop to third, Cano doubled off third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Lowe pitching for Yankees. Davis grounded out to pitcher. Rasmus hit for Encarnacion. Logan pitching for Yankees. Rasmus struck out swinging. Escobar walked. Lind flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Granderson walked. Ibanez singled to right, Granderson to second. Lyon pitching for Blue Jays. Martin sacrificed to third, Granderson to third, Ibanez to second. Nunez hit sacrifice fly to right, Granderson scored. Gardner ran for Ibanez. Jeter singled to right, Gardner scored. Suzuki flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Gardner in left field. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Sierra struck out swinging. Arencibia walked. Hechavarria fouled out to right. Gose struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez singled to shallow left. Cano reached on bunt single to third, Rodriguez to second. Swisher walked, Rodriguez to third, Cano to second. Granderson singled to shallow right, Rodriguez and Cano scored, Swisher to third. Dickerson hit for Gardner. Dickerson popped out to shortstop. Martin struck out looking. Beck pitching for Blue Jays. Nunez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Dickerson in left field. Soriano pitching for Yankees. Lawrie singled to center. Davis singled to shallow right center, Lawrie to second. Rasmus walked, Lawrie to third, Davis to second. Escobar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lawrie scored, Rasmus out at second, Davis to third. Lind grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 9 - Blue Jays 6.	Yanks rally, make playoffs