Yankees - Top 1st. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Jeter singled to center. Suzuki doubled to left center, Jeter scored. Suzuki caught stealing third, catcher to third. Rodriguez struck out looking. Cano flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. McLouth grounded out to first. Hardy popped out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Swisher walked. Teixeira popped out to third. Granderson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Swisher out at second. Martin fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Wieters popped out to second. Reynolds struck out looking. Machado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Ibanez struck out swinging. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Davis singled to center. Ford singled to left, Davis to second. Andino sacrificed to pitcher, Davis to third, Ford to second. McLouth singled to right, Davis and Ford scored. Hardy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McLouth out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Rodriguez walked. Cano grounded out to first, Rodriguez to second. Swisher walked. Teixeira singled to deep right, Rodriguez scored, Swisher to third, Teixeira out stretching at second. Granderson intentionally walked. Martin flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Jones popped out to third. Wieters lined out to center. Reynolds walked. Machado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Ibanez grounded out to pitcher. Jeter struck out looking. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Davis singled to right center. Ford grounded out to catcher, Davis to second. Andino singled to left, Davis to third. McLouth struck out looking. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Andino out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Cano grounded out to third. Swisher singled to center. Patton pitching for Orioles. Teixeira singled to center, Swisher to second. Granderson fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Jones grounded out to second. Wieters struck out looking. Reynolds singled to center. Machado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds safe at second on error by shortstop Jeter. Davis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Patton pitching for Orioles. Martin walked. Ibanez walked, Martin to second. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Jeter sacrificed to third, Martin to third, Ibanez to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martin out at home, Ibanez to third. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Ford grounded out to second. Andino struck out looking. McLouth grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Cano grounded out to second. Swisher struck out looking. Teixeira walked. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Hardy doubled to right. Jones struck out swinging. Wieters fouled out to first. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Martin homered to left (372 feet). Ibanez singled to right. Jeter singled to right, Ibanez to third. Nunez ran for Ibanez. Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher, Nunez scored, Jeter to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Cano doubled to left, Jeter and Suzuki scored, Cano to third on throwing error by shortstop Hardy. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Swisher hit sacrifice fly to center, Cano scored. Teixeira grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Suzuki in right field. Gardner in left field. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Machado grounded out to second. Davis struck out swinging. Ford doubled to right center. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Flaherty hit for Andino. Flaherty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 7 - Orioles 2.	Yanks edge Orioles in Game 1 \n\n