Dodgers - Top 1st. Cueto pitching for Giants. Betts struck out looking. Seager singled to right. Turner doubled to deep right, Seager to third. Bellinger flied out to right. Muncy homered to right (423 feet), Seager scored and Turner scored. Pollock grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Yastrzemski struck out swinging. Flores walked. Longoria singled to right center, Flores to second. Belt homered to center (429 feet), Flores scored and Longoria scored. Solano struck out swinging. Bart struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Pederson struck out swinging. Hernández struck out looking. Smith flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Ruf doubled to deep left. Crawford popped out to first. Dubon grounded out to shortstop. Yastrzemski struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Betts lined out to second. Seager homered to center (447 feet). Turner singled to center. Bellinger doubled to deep right, Turner to third. Muncy walked, Turner scored on Cueto wild pitch, Bellinger to third on wild pitch by Cueto. Pollock lined out to third. Pederson doubled to right, Bellinger scored, Muncy to third. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Flores struck out swinging. Longoria walked. Belt walked, Longoria to second. Solano flied out to center. Bart grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Smith struck out swinging. Betts struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Ruf safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Hernández. Crawford singled to left, Ruf to second. Dubon struck out swinging. Crawford to second on wild pitch by Urías, Ruf to third on wild pitch by Urías. Yastrzemski popped out to third. Flores lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 5th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Turner singled to left center. Suárez pitching for Giants. Bellinger reached on infield single to second, Turner to second. Muncy popped out to third. Pollock grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bellinger out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Longoria singled to deep center. Belt doubled to deep right, Longoria scored. Floro pitching for Dodgers. Solano flied out to center. Belt to third on wild pitch by Floro. Bart struck out swinging. Dickerson hit for Ruf. Dickerson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Dickerson in left field. Suarez pitching for Giants. Pederson grounded out to third. Gott pitching for Giants. Hernández struck out swinging. Smith walked. Betts flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. McGee pitching for Dodgers. Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop. Dubon sacrificed to pitcher, Crawford to second. Yastrzemski grounded out to second, Crawford to third. Treinen pitching for Dodgers. Flores lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Peralta pitching for Giants. Seager struck out looking. Turner flied out to center. Bellinger lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Treinen pitching for Dodgers. Longoria singled to right. Belt singled to deep center, Longoria to second. Solano safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Muncy, Belt to second, Longoria to third. Bart grounded into double play, second to first, Longoria scored, Solano out at second, Belt to third. Sandoval hit for Dickerson. Ferguson pitching for Dodgers. Sandoval struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 8th. Duggar in left field. Peralta pitching for Giants. Muncy grounded out to shortstop. Coonrod pitching for Giants. Pollock flied out to right. Pederson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Ferguson pitching for Dodgers. Crawford reached on infield single to second. Dubon struck out swinging. Yastrzemski struck out swinging. Flores popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Anderson pitching for Giants. Hernández flied out to right. Smith walked. Betts singled to left, Smith to second. Baragar pitching for Giants. Seager flied out to left. Turner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Longoria flied out to left. Belt homered to center (415 feet). Solano struck out swinging. Bart struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 10th. García pitching for Giants. Bellinger struck out looking. Muncy walked. Turner scored on throwing error by catcher Bart, Muncy safe at second on error. Pollock walked. Taylor hit for Pederson. Rogers pitching for Giants. Taylor struck out swinging. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to left, Pollock safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Crawford, Muncy to third. Smith struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Giants - Bottom 10th. Taylor in left field. Alexander pitching for Dodgers. Duggar grounded out to shortstop, Bart to third. Crawford struck out swinging. Dubon reached on infield single to third, Bart scored. Yastrzemski lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 11th. Rogers pitching for Giants. Betts lined out to left. Seager grounded out to second, Smith to third. Turner reached on infield single to catcher, Smith scored. Selman pitching for Giants. Bellinger singled to right, Turner to second. Muncy grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 11th. Santana pitching for Dodgers. Flores lined out to shortstop. Longoria singled to right center, Yastrzemski scored. Belt struck out swinging. Solano homered to left center (413 feet), Longoria scored. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 8 - Giants 10.	Donovan Solano slugs Giants past Dodgers in 11th inning 10-8