Dodgers - Top 1st. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Betts homered to center (416 feet). Seager flied out to left. Taylor singled to left. Bellinger flied out to center. Muncy walked, Taylor to second. Pollock lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Locastro grounded out to shortstop. Ahmed walked. Walker grounded out to shortstop, Ahmed to second. Escobar lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith flied out to left. Lux flied out to center. Hernández homered to left (414 feet). Betts struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Rojas reached on bunt single to third. Mathisen reached on infield single to third, Rojas to second. Varsho walked, Mathisen to second, Rojas to third. Kelly grounded out to shortstop, Rojas scored, Varsho to second, Mathisen to third. Jay hit sacrifice fly to right, Mathisen scored. Locastro tripled to deep center, Varsho scored. Ahmed struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Seager struck out looking. Taylor struck out swinging. Bellinger fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Walker flied out to right. Escobar flied out to right. Rojas grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Muncy singled to right center. Pollock singled to center, Muncy to second. Smith walked, Pollock to second, Muncy to third. Lux grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Muncy scored, Smith out at second, Pollock to third. Hernández singled to left, Pollock scored, Lux to second. Betts flied out to right. Seager grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Mathisen flied out to right. Varsho struck out swinging. Kelly fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Taylor grounded out to catcher. Bellinger struck out swinging. Muncy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Jay lined out to left. Locastro safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Seager. Ahmed doubled to right, Locastro scored on fielding error by right fielder Betts, Ahmed safe at third on throwing error by right fielder Betts. Walker struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 3 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Pollock struck out swinging. Smith popped out to second. Lux grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Kolarek pitching for Dodgers. Rojas struck out swinging. Mathisen walked. Varsho popped out to second. Graterol pitching for Dodgers. Kelly popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Guerra pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández struck out swinging. Betts lined out to left. Seager lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Graterol pitching for Dodgers. Jay struck out swinging. Locastro hit by pitch. Ahmed singled to right, Locastro to second. Walker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ahmed out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Guerra pitching for Diamondbacks. Taylor flied out to right. Bellinger struck out swinging. Muncy walked. Pollock singled to center, Muncy to third. Smith struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Ferguson pitching for Dodgers. Escobar hit ground rule double to deep center. Rojas struck out looking. Mathisen struck out swinging. Varsho grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks. Lux grounded out to first. Hernández safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Mathisen. Betts flied out to left. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. McGee pitching for Dodgers. Kelly struck out swinging. Jay grounded out to second. Locastro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 10th. Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks. Seager to third on wild pitch by Ginkel. Taylor reached on infield single to shortstop, Seager scored. Bellinger struck out swinging. Muncy walked, Taylor to second. Rondón pitching for Diamondbacks. Pollock singled to deep center, Taylor scored, Pollock to second, Muncy to third. Smith walked. Lux struck out looking. Hernández lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th. Treinen pitching for Dodgers. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Walker flied out to left. Escobar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Diamondbacks 4.	Dodgers score twice in 10th to beat Diamondbacks 6-4