Dodgers - Top 1st. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Betts grounded out to third. Seager lined out to second. Taylor lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Tapia lined out to left. Story singled to left. Arenado struck out swinging. Story picked off and caught stealing second. Alex Wood pitches to Charlie Blackmon. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Muncy walked. Bellinger homered to center (438 feet), Muncy scored. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Ríos doubled to shallow left. Lux homered to right (453 feet), Ríos scored. Barnes walked. Betts grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Barnes out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon singled to center. Pillar singled to right, Blackmon to third. Fuentes homered to left (410 feet), Blackmon scored and Pillar scored. Dahl struck out swinging. Díaz flied out to right. McMahon grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Seager grounded out to first. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. Muncy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Tapia reached on infield single to shortstop. Graterol pitching for Dodgers. Story grounded out to second, Tapia to second. Arenado grounded out to shortstop, Tapia to third. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Bellinger flied out to center. Pollock lined out to shortstop. Ríos flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Graterol pitching for Dodgers. Pillar grounded out to third. Fuentes singled to center. Kolarek pitching for Dodgers. Dahl grounded into fielder's choice to first, Fuentes out at second. Díaz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dahl out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Lux struck out looking. Barnes hit by pitch. Betts walked, Barnes to second. Seager grounded into fielder's choice to right, Betts safe at second on throwing error by second baseman McMahon, Barnes to third. Taylor singled to left, Barnes scored and Betts scored, Seager to second. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Muncy singled to right, Seager scored, Taylor to third. Bellinger singled to right, Taylor scored, Muncy to second. Pollock singled to right, Muncy scored, Bellinger to third. Ríos grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Pollock out at second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Kolarek pitching for Dodgers. McMahon struck out looking. Tapia grounded out to pitcher. Floro pitching for Dodgers. Story lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Lux grounded out to second. Barnes grounded out to shortstop. Betts homered to left (394 feet). Seager reached on infield single to third. Taylor doubled to deep center, Seager scored. Muncy flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Floro pitching for Dodgers. Arenado singled to right center. Blackmon grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Arenado out at second. Pillar singled to left center. Fuentes singled to right, Pillar to second. Dahl tripled to right, Pillar scored and Fuentes scored. McGee pitching for Dodgers. Díaz singled to deep center, Dahl scored. McMahon lined out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Davis pitching for Rockies. Bellinger doubled to deep left. Bellinger to third on wild pitch by Davis. Pollock struck out looking. Ríos singled to left, Bellinger scored. Lux grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ríos out at second. Barnes reached on infield single to shortstop, Lux to third. Barnes to second on wild pitch by Davis. Betts tripled to deep left center, Lux scored and Barnes scored. Kinley pitching for Rockies. Seager singled to deep right center, Betts scored. Taylor grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Kelly pitching for Dodgers. Tapia struck out swinging. Hampson hit for Story. Hampson lined out to center. Murphy hit for Arenado. Murphy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Hampson at shortstop. Murphy at first base. Wolters at second base. Fuentes in left field. Dahl in right field. McMahon at third base. Kinley pitching for Rockies. Muncy grounded out to second. Bellinger grounded out to third. McKinstry hit for Pollock. Tinoco pitching for Rockies. McKinstry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. McKinstry as designated hitter. White pitching for Dodgers. Wolters struck out swinging. Pillar popped out to first. Fuentes lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Tinoco pitching for Rockies. Ríos grounded out to shortstop. Lux singled to shallow right center. Barnes singled to left, Lux to second. Betts continues to at bat after dropped foul ball by first baseman Murphy. Betts flied out to right. Barnes to second on wild pitch by Tinoco, Lux to third on wild pitch by Tinoco. Seager walked. Taylor grounded into fielder's choice to third, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 9th. White pitching for Dodgers. Dahl flied out to right. Díaz popped out to second. McMahon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 15 - Rockies 6.	Bellinger, Dodgers set season high for runs, rout Rox 15-6