Braves - Top 1st . Odorizzi pitching for Rays . Bourn lined out to shortstop . Maybin grounded out to second . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Wisler pitching for Braves . Jaso doubled to deep center , Jaso out stretching at third . Sizemore struck out swinging . Longoria grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Odorizzi pitching for Rays . Pierzynski singled to right . García singled to right , Pierzynski to third . Peterson struck out swinging . Swisher struck out swinging . Terdoslavich doubled to deep left , Pierzynski scored , García to third . Ciriaco singled to right , García and Terdoslavich scored , Ciriaco thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Wisler pitching for Braves . Loney singled to left . Forsythe flied out to center . Cabrera singled to right , Loney to second . Nava walked , Loney to third , Cabrera to second . Kiermaier grounded out to pitcher , Loney scored , Cabrera to third , Nava to second . Casali flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Odorizzi pitching for Rays . Bourn struck out swinging . Maybin doubled to deep right . Markakis reached on infield single to pitcher . Pierzynski grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Wisler pitching for Braves . Jaso grounded out to second . Sizemore singled to right center . Longoria struck out swinging . Loney lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Odorizzi pitching for Rays . García grounded out to shortstop . Peterson flied out to center . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Wisler pitching for Braves . Forsythe singled to center . Cabrera grounded out to second , Forsythe to second . Nava grounded out to second , Forsythe to third . Kiermaier walked . Casali struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Odorizzi pitching for Rays . Terdoslavich struck out swinging . Ciriaco homered to left ( 354 feet ) . Bourn fouled out to third . Maybin singled to center . Markakis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Wisler pitching for Braves . Jaso struck out swinging . Sizemore homered to right ( 373 feet ) . Longoria struck out swinging . Loney singled to center . Forsythe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Loney out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Odorizzi pitching for Rays . Pierzynski flied out to center . García lined out to right . Peterson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . McKirahan pitching for Braves . Cabrera singled to shallow center . Guyer hit for Nava . Guyer struck out swinging . Kiermaier singled to right , Cabrera to third . Casali grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera scored , Kiermaier out at second . Aardsma pitching for Braves . Shaffer hit for Jaso . Shaffer struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Guyer in right field . Odorizzi pitching for Rays . Swisher walked . Pérez ran for Swisher . Terdoslavich doubled to deep left , Pérez to third . Colomé pitching for Rays . Ciriaco hit sacrifice fly to left , Pérez scored , Terdoslavich to third . Terdoslavich scored on Colomé 's wild pitch . Bourn grounded out to shortstop . Maybin struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Marksberry pitching for Braves . Sizemore hit ground rule double to deep left . Longoria reached on infield single to second , Sizemore to third . Loney doubled to deep right , Sizemore scored , Longoria to third . Beckham ran for Loney . Forsythe hit sacrifice fly to center , Longoria scored , Beckham to third . Cabrera popped out to second . Beckham scored on Marksberry 's wild pitch . Guyer doubled to left . Kiermaier safe at first on error by pitcher Marksberry , Guyer scored . Kelly pitching for Braves . Kiermaier stole second . Casali homered to left ( 348 feet ) , Kiermaier scored . Shaffer struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 8th . Beckham at second base . Forsythe at first base . McGee pitching for Rays . Markakis grounded out to second . Pierzynski struck out swinging . García grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Vizcaíno pitching for Braves . Sizemore struck out swinging . Longoria struck out swinging . Beckham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Boxberger pitching for Rays . Peterson walked . Pérez struck out looking . Terdoslavich walked , Peterson to second . Ciriaco struck out swinging . Bourn flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 6 - Rays 9 .	Casali 's homer helps Rays rally for 9 - 6 win over Braves