Red Sox - Top 1st. Shields pitching for Rays. Ellsbury flied out to left. Nava walked. Ortiz walked, Nava to second. Gonzalez singled to left, Nava scored, Gonzalez to second, Ortiz to second, Ortiz thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Ross struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Rhymes singled to right. Pena singled to right, Rhymes to third. Zobrist reached on infield single to pitcher, Rhymes scored, Pena to second. Upton struck out swinging. Matsui struck out swinging. Keppinger hit by pitch, Pena to third, Zobrist to second. Jennings singled to center, Pena and Zobrist scored, Keppinger to third. Lobaton flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Shields pitching for Rays. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Middlebrooks singled to left. Aviles homered to center (420 feet), Middlebrooks scored. Ciriaco struck out swinging. Ellsbury doubled to deep right. Nava grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Johnson singled to right. Rhymes flied out to right. Johnson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Pena walked. Zobrist doubled to left, Pena to third. Upton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Shields pitching for Rays. Ortiz lined out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to left. Ross flied out to center. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Matsui walked. Keppinger flied out to left. Jennings flied out to right. Lobaton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Shields pitching for Rays. Middlebrooks doubled to left. Aviles reached on bunt single to pitcher, Middlebrooks to third. Ciriaco struck out swinging. Ellsbury grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Aviles out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Johnson struck out swinging. Rhymes singled to right. Pena struck out swinging. Zobrist struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Shields pitching for Rays. Nava homered to right (391 feet). Ortiz singled to center. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ortiz out at second. Ross singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Saltalamacchia walked, Gonzalez to third, Ross to second. Middlebrooks singled to center, Gonzalez and Ross scored, Saltalamacchia to second. Aviles struck out looking. Ciriaco grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Upton struck out swinging. Matsui struck out swinging. Keppinger flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. McGee pitching for Rays. Ellsbury singled to center. Nava walked, Ellsbury to second. Ortiz reached on infield single to shortstop, Ellsbury to third, Nava to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Badenhop pitching for Rays. Ross hit sacrifice fly to center, Ellsbury scored. Saltalamacchia flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Jennings popped out to second. Lobaton grounded out to first. Johnson doubled to right. Rhymes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Badenhop pitching for Rays. Middlebrooks grounded out to third. Aviles flied out to right. Ciriaco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Pena singled to center. Zobrist singled to right, Pena to third, Zobrist thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Melancon pitching for Red Sox. Upton struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Davis pitching for Rays. Ellsbury singled to right center. Nava struck out swinging. Ortiz grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Ellsbury out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Lillibridge at first base. Melancon pitching for Red Sox. Keppinger lined out to second. Jennings grounded out to first. Lobaton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Davis pitching for Rays. Lillibridge struck out swinging. Ross struck out looking. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 9th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Johnson walked. Rhymes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Johnson out at second. Pena struck out swinging. Zobrist walked, Rhymes to second. Upton walked, Rhymes to third, Zobrist to second. Matsui flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 7 - Rays 3.	Beckett survives rough 1st as Red Sox win