Phillies - Top 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Victorino reached on infield single to second. Bruntlett grounded out to shortstop, Victorino to second. Victorino to third on passed ball by Snyder. Utley hit sacrifice fly to center, Victorino scored. Howard struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Myers pitching for Phillies. Byrnes fouled out to first. Ojeda singled to center. Young homered to left, Ojeda scored. Upton struck out swinging. Drew flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Jenkins grounded out to second. Dobbs grounded out to shortstop. Taguchi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Reynolds singled to right. Snyder singled to left center, Reynolds to second. Burke grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Snyder out at second, Reynolds to third. Webb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Coste grounded out to shortstop. Myers struck out looking. Victorino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Byrnes struck out swinging. Ojeda grounded out to first. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Bruntlett hit by pitch. Utley flied out to left. Bruntlett stole second. Howard grounded out to first, Bruntlett to third. Jenkins popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Upton walked. Drew walked, Upton to second. Reynolds reached on infield single to shortstop, Upton to third, Drew to second. Snyder doubled to deep left, Upton and Drew scored. Burke reached on infield single to third, Reynolds scored. Webb flied out to right. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Snyder to third, Burke safe at second on error by second baseman Utley. Ojeda hit sacrifice fly to center, Snyder scored. Young popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Dobbs grounded out to third. Taguchi struck out swinging. Coste grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Upton struck out looking. Drew tripled to deep right. Reynolds singled to center, Drew scored. Snyder popped out to second. Reynolds stole second. Burke intentionally walked. Webb grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Harman hit for Myers. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Harman flied out to center. Harman hit for Myers. Harman flied out to center. Victorino flied out to left. Bruntlett singled to center. Utley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Harman at second base. Condrey pitching for Phillies. Byrnes grounded out to third. Ojeda grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Howard grounded out to second. Jenkins struck out swinging. Dobbs grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Condrey pitching for Phillies. Upton homered to right. Drew grounded out to third. Reynolds struck out swinging. Snyder struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Taguchi grounded out to shortstop. Coste singled to left center. Harman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Coste out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Condrey pitching for Phillies. Burke grounded out to second. Webb grounded out to first. Byrnes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Victorino singled to right. Victorino stole second. Bruntlett singled to center, Victorino scored. Ruiz hit for Condrey. Ruiz grounded out to third, Bruntlett to second. Ruiz hit for Condrey. Ruiz grounded out to third, Bruntlett to second. Howard singled to right, Bruntlett scored. Jenkins grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Howard out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Diamondbacks 8.	Webb tosses CG for eighth straight win