Dodgers - Top 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Kemp grounded out to second. Ethier grounded out to first. Martin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Drew singled to right. Jackson singled to right, Drew to third. Hudson walked, Jackson to second. Clark grounded out to second, Drew scored, Jackson to third. Reynolds singled to center, Jackson scored, Hudson to third. Young singled to left, Hudson scored, Reynolds thrown out at third, Young to second advancing on throw. Snyder walked. Romero struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Kent grounded out to third. Garciaparra singled to center. Loney struck out looking. Garciaparra caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Webb struck out swinging. Drew singled to right. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Drew out at second. Hudson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones flied out to right. DeWitt walked. Lowe sacrificed to pitcher, DeWitt to second. Kemp grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Clark struck out swinging. Reynolds popped out to second. Young walked. Young stole second, Young safe at third on throwing error by catcher Martin. Snyder grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier grounded out to second. Martin singled to center. Kent singled to center, Martin to second. Garciaparra grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kent out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Romero struck out swinging. Webb struck out swinging. Drew tripled to deep center, Drew out stretching at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Loney singled to center. Jones flied out to center. DeWitt safe at first on error by first baseman Clark, Loney to second. Lowe struck out bunting foul. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Jackson lined out to left. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. Clark grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to third. Kent flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Reynolds tripled to deep right center. Young struck out swinging. Falkenborg pitching for Dodgers. Snyder sacrificed to catcher, Reynolds scored. Romero grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. Loney doubled to deep center. Jones singled to center, Loney to third. DeWitt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Loney scored, Jones out at second. Young hit for Falkenborg. Young grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Webb struck out looking. Drew struck out swinging. Jackson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Ethier walked. Martin walked, Ethier to second. Kent grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Hudson struck out swinging. Clark struck out looking. Reynolds struck out swinging, Reynolds safe at first on wild pitch by Troncoso. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Ojeda at third base. Garciaparra doubled to deep center. Loney singled to right, Garciaparra to third. Jones grounded out to shortstop, Garciaparra scored, Loney to second. DeWitt grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche hit for Troncoso. LaRoche singled to right, Loney scored. Ozuna ran for LaRoche. Kemp doubled to deep center, Ozuna scored. Ethier tripled to deep center, Kemp scored. Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin singled to center, Ethier scored. Kent flied out to right. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Berroa at second base. Snyder struck out swinging. Tracy hit for Romero. Tracy walked. Bonifacio ran for Tracy. Ojeda grounded out to shortstop, Bonifacio to second. Drew singled to left, Bonifacio scored. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Drew out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Diamondbacks 5.	Dodgers score 5 in 9th, clip D-backs