Cardinals - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Izturis safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds. Izturis stole second. Ludwick struck out swinging. Pujols popped out to shortstop. Glaus grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Drew singled to left. Eckstein grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first to second, Drew out at second. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina homered to left center. Lopez struck out swinging. Mather homered to left. Pineiro struck out swinging. Miles walked. Izturis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Dunn homered to left. Reynolds walked. Young sacrificed to catcher, Reynolds to second. Montero struck out swinging. Upton walked. Ra Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ludwick doubled to deep left. Pujols homered to left, Ludwick scored. Glaus struck out swinging. Molina fouled out to right. Lopez homered to left. Mather struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Drew tripled to deep center. Eckstein hit sacrifice fly to right, Drew scored. Jackson lined out to third. Dunn flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Pineiro struck out swinging. Miles walked. Izturis singled to right, Miles to third. Izturis stole second. Ludwick struck out swinging. Pujols intentionally walked. Peguero pitching for Diamondbacks. Glaus fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Schumaker in center field. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Young homered to left. Montero grounded out to first. Upton fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Peguero pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Lopez flied out to left. Schumaker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Burke hit for Peguero. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Burke grounded out to pitcher. Drew homered to right. Eckstein singled to right. Jackson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Eckstein out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks. Stavinoha hit for Pineiro. Stavinoha flied out to right. Miles grounded out to shortstop. Izturis singled to center. Ludwick doubled to deep center, Izturis scored. Pujols intentionally walked. Glaus walked, Ludwick to third, Pujols to second. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Glaus out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Villone pitching for Cardinals. Dunn walked. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Reynolds homered to left center, Dunn scored. Young struck out swinging. Montero popped out to shortstop. Upton popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop. Schumaker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lopez out at second. McClellan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Salazar hit for Qualls. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Salazar singled to right. Drew hit ground rule double to deep left, Salazar to third. Eckstein singled to right, Salazar scored, Drew to third. Jackson lined out to second. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Dunn walked, Eckstein to second. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Reynolds struck out swinging. Drew scored, Eckstein to third, Dunn to second on wild pitch by Springer. Young popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles struck out looking. Izturis singled to left. Ludwick hit by pitch, Izturis to second. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ludwick out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Montero grounded out to second. Upton reached on infield single to pitcher. Tracy hit for Pena. Clark ran for Upton. Tracy flied out to left. Drew doubled to deep right, Clark to third. Eckstein grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Dunn in right field. Clark at first base. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Glaus singled to right. Molina grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Glaus out at second. Lopez reached on infield single to second. Schumaker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 6 - Diamondbacks 8.	D-backs ride Drew's cycle past Cardinals