Indians - Top 1st . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Sizemore popped out to second . Cabrera flied out to left . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Byrd pitching for Indians . Buck grounded out to first . Ellis walked . Barton singled to right , Ellis to second . Sweeney flied out to center , Ellis to third . Cust grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Hafner struck out looking . Garko flied out to left . Gutierrez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Crosby grounded out to third . Hannahan grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki hit by pitch . Sweeney singled to center , Suzuki to third . Suzuki scored , Sweeney to second on passed ball by Shoppach . Buck hit by pitch . Ellis flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Dellucci grounded out to second . Blake struck out looking . Shoppach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Barton walked . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barton out at second . Cust flied out to center . Crosby singled to center , Sweeney to second . Hannahan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Sizemore struck out looking . Cabrera flied out to right . Peralta doubled to deep left . Hafner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Suzuki popped out to second . Sweeney singled to left . Buck popped out to shortstop . Ellis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Garko doubled to left . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Dellucci walked . Blake grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dellucci out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Barton singled to right . Sweeney safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta , Barton to second . Cust singled to center , Barton to third , Sweeney to second . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barton scored , Sweeney to third , Cust to second . Hannahan hit sacrifice fly to center , Sweeney scored , Cust to third , Crosby to second . Suzuki singled to center , Cust scored , Crosby to third . Sweeney singled to left , Crosby scored , Suzuki to second . Julio pitching for Indians . Buck struck out swinging . Ellis fouled out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Shoppach singled to right . Sizemore singled to center , Shoppach to second . Cabrera walked , Shoppach to third , Sizemore to second . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Peralta grounded into double play , third to second to first , Shoppach scored , Cabrera out at second , Sizemore to third . Hafner struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Julio pitching for Indians . Barton flied out to right . Sweeney grounded out to second . Cust flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Foulke pitching for Athletics . Garko homered to left . Gutierrez flied out to right . Dellucci struck out looking . Blake struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Julio pitching for Indians . Crosby doubled to deep left . Hannahan grounded out to shortstop , Crosby to third . Crosby scored on Julio 's wild pitch . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney reached on infield single to first . Buck struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Embree pitching for Athletics . Shoppach struck out swinging . Sizemore singled to right . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Indians . Ellis walked . Barton fouled out to third . Sweeney flied out to right . Cust flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Denorfia in left field . Street pitching for Athletics . Peralta grounded out to first . Hafner homered to right . Garko grounded out to third . Gutierrez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 3 - Athletics 6 .	A 's new starter Duchscherer takes down Indians