Athletics - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Ellis popped out to second . Barton struck out looking . Brown doubled to deep left . Sweeney singled to right center , Brown scored , Sweeney out stretching at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Sizemore lined out to right . Cabrera flied out to center . Hafner fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Crosby singled to right , Crosby to second on error by right fielder Michaels . Cust doubled to left , Crosby scored . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . Bowen singled to center , Cust to third . Denorfia singled to center , Cust scored , Bowen to second . Ellis doubled to deep left , Bowen scored , Denorfia to third . Barton doubled to center , Denorfia scored , Ellis to third . Brown intentionally walked . Sweeney hit sacrifice fly to center , Ellis scored , Barton to third . Crosby walked , Brown to second . Cust struck out looking . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . Peralta homered to right center . Garko flied out to center . Dellucci flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Murphy singled to left . Bowen struck out swinging . Denorfia singled to right , Murphy to third . Ellis hit sacrifice fly to center , Murphy scored . Barton struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Michaels grounded out to third . Blake grounded out to third . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Brown flied out to right . Sweeney singled to right . Crosby singled to left , Sweeney to second . Julio pitching for Indians . Cust struck out swinging . Sweeney to third , Crosby to second on wild pitch by Julio . Murphy singled to left , Sweeney and Crosby scored . Bowen struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Cabrera flied out to left . Hafner walked . Martinez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Hafner out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Julio pitching for Indians . Denorfia lined out to second . Ellis walked . Barton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Peralta singled to left . Garko grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first to second to first , Peralta out at second . Dellucci flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Breslow pitching for Indians . Brown flied out to right . Sweeney grounded out to third . Crosby singled to center . Cust walked , Crosby to second . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Michaels grounded out to shortstop . Blake grounded out to third . Sizemore singled to center . Cabrera singled to right , Sizemore to second . Hafner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Indians . Bowen grounded out to shortstop . Denorfia struck out swinging . Ellis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Martinez flied out to center . Peralta popped out to second . Garko popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Shoppach catching . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Barton singled to center . Brown flied out to center . Sweeney popped out to second . Crosby walked , Barton to second . Cust struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Dellucci doubled to deep left center . Michaels singled to left , Dellucci scored . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Michaels out at second . Sizemore flied out to right . Cabrera singled to center , Blake to second . Hafner singled to right , Blake scored , Cabrera to third , Hafner to second on error by right fielder Brown . Hernandez pitching for Athletics . Shoppach hit by pitch . Peralta walked , Cabrera scored , Hafner to third , Shoppach to second . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Sweeney in center field . Denorfia in left field . Garko doubled to deep left , Hafner and Shoppach scored , Peralta to third . Dellucci flied out to center . Street pitching for Athletics . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 9th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . Bowen struck out swinging . Denorfia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Street pitching for Athletics . Michaels flied out to center . Blake struck out swinging . Sizemore grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Indians 7 .	Sabathia gets rocked as A 's slam Indians