Indians - Top 1st . Murray pitching for Rangers . Sizemore singled to right . Carroll struck out swinging . Francisco grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Mastny pitching for Indians . Kinsler singled to left . Young flied out to right . Hamilton homered to center , Kinsler scored . Bradley homered to right center . Murphy doubled to deep center . Boggs singled to left , Murphy scored . Catalanotto struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia walked , Boggs to second . Vazquez grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Murray pitching for Rangers . Garko singled to right center . Peralta struck out swinging . Blake flied out to right . Gutierrez singled to right , Garko to second . Garko to third , Gutierrez to second on passed ball by Saltalamacchia . Shoppach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Mastny pitching for Indians . Kinsler singled to left . Kinsler stole second . Young struck out swinging . Hamilton intentionally walked . Bradley walked , Kinsler to third , Hamilton to second . Lewis pitching for Indians . Murphy singled to right , Kinsler scored , Hamilton to third , Bradley to second . Boggs struck out swinging . Catalanotto flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Murray pitching for Rangers . Marte singled to left . Sizemore singled to right , Marte to second . Carroll walked , Marte to third , Sizemore to second . Francisco singled to left , Marte scored , Sizemore to third , Carroll to second . Garko popped out to shortstop . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Peralta struck out swinging . Blake struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Lewis pitching for Indians . Saltalamacchia homered to right . Vazquez grounded out to first . Kinsler struck out swinging . Young flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Gutierrez doubled to deep center . Shoppach grounded out to shortstop . Marte flied out to right , Gutierrez to third . Sizemore safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler , Gutierrez scored . Sizemore stole second . Carroll struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Hamilton grounded out to first . Bradley walked . Murphy sacrificed to pitcher , Bradley to second . Boggs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Francisco flied out to right . Garko singled to center . Peralta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Garko out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Catalanotto grounded out to first . Saltalamacchia singled to right . Mujica pitching for Indians . Vazquez singled to right , Saltalamacchia to third . Kinsler hit sacrifice fly to right , Saltalamacchia scored . Young doubled to deep left center , Vazquez scored . Hamilton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Blake flied out to left . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Shoppach doubled to deep left . Marte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Mujica pitching for Indians . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . Murphy homered to center . Boggs flied out to right . Catalanotto popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Sizemore flied out to left . Carroll walked . Francisco struck out swinging . Garko singled to right , Carroll to second . Wright pitching for Rangers . Peralta singled to left , Carroll scored , Garko to second . Blake hit by pitch , Garko to third , Peralta to second . Choo hit for Gutierrez . Choo doubled to deep center , Garko and Peralta scored , Blake to third . Martinez hit for Shoppach . Martinez walked . Dellucci hit for Marte . Guardado pitching for Rangers . Dellucci flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Carroll at third base . Choo in right field . Martinez catching . Cabrera at second base . Mujica pitching for Indians . Saltalamacchia walked . Saltalamacchia to second on wild pitch by Mujica . Vazquez fouled out to third . Kinsler flied out to right , Saltalamacchia to third . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Guardado pitching for Rangers . Sizemore fouled out to first . Carroll singled to left . Francisco doubled to deep left , Carroll to third . Garko grounded out to second , Carroll scored , Francisco to third . Peralta flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Hamilton grounded out to pitcher . Bradley homered to left . Murphy singled to right . Murphy to second on wild pitch by Perez . Boggs struck out looking . Elarton pitching for Indians . Catalanotto reached on infield single to third , Murphy scored , Catalanotto to second on throwing error by third baseman Carroll . Saltalamacchia singled to center , Catalanotto scored . Saltalamacchia to second on wild pitch by Elarton . Vazquez struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 9th . Byrd in right field . Shelton at first base . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Blake fouled out to catcher . Choo homered to center . Martinez struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 7 - Rangers 12 .	Indians ' Mastny rocked in first start ; Rangers win