Indians - Top 1st . Ponson pitching for Rangers . Sizemore flied out to left . Francisco reached on infield single to third . Martinez grounded out to first , Francisco to second . Garko walked . Peralta lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Lee pitching for Indians . Kinsler tripled to deep center . Young grounded out to shortstop , Kinsler scored . Hamilton struck out swinging . Bradley walked . Byrd walked , Bradley to second . Laird struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Ponson pitching for Rangers . Dellucci grounded out to second . Blake safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Young . Choo doubled to right , Blake to third , Blake scored , Choo to third on error by right fielder Bradley . Cabrera walked . Sizemore walked , Cabrera to second . Francisco singled to left , Choo scored , Cabrera to third , Sizemore to second . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to right , Cabrera scored . Garko singled to center , Sizemore scored , Francisco to third . Peralta flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Lee pitching for Indians . Boggs struck out looking . Shelton struck out swinging . Vazquez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Ponson pitching for Rangers . Dellucci singled to center . Blake flied out to center . Choo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dellucci out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Lee pitching for Indians . Kinsler reached on infield single to second . Young doubled to right , Kinsler scored . Hamilton singled to left , Young scored , Hamilton to second advancing on throw . Bradley homered to center , Hamilton scored . Byrd grounded out to third . Laird flied out to right . Boggs singled to right . Shelton struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Ponson pitching for Rangers . Cabrera struck out swinging . Sizemore homered to right . Francisco singled to left . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Francisco safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler . Garko singled to center , Francisco scored , Martinez to third . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Garko out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Lee pitching for Indians . Vazquez struck out looking . Kinsler flied out to center . Young singled to left center . Hamilton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Dellucci lined out to right . Blake grounded out to third . Choo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Carroll at second base . Lee pitching for Indians . Bradley struck out swinging . Byrd singled to left center . Laird flied out to right . Boggs tripled to deep center , Byrd scored . Shelton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Carroll reached on infield single to second . Sizemore flied out to center . Francisco singled to left , Carroll to second . Carroll to third , Francisco to second on wild pitch by Ramirez . Martinez walked . Garko singled to center , Carroll and Francisco scored , Martinez to second . Peralta flied out to left . Dellucci homered to right , Martinez and Garko scored . Blake singled to center . Choo struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Vazquez singled to center . Kinsler lined out to right . Young flied out to center . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Carroll flied out to left . Sizemore walked . Francisco singled to left , Sizemore to second . Martinez doubled to deep center , Sizemore scored , Francisco to third . Garko singled to center , Francisco and Martinez scored . Peralta flied out to right . Dellucci hit by pitch , Garko to second . Loe pitching for Rangers . Blake singled to center , Garko scored , Dellucci to second . Choo grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Bradley walked . Bradley stole second . Byrd grounded out to shortstop , Bradley to third . Laird grounded out to third . Boggs flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Carroll flied out to center . Sizemore struck out looking . Francisco lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Shelton flied out to center . Vazquez grounded out to second . Kinsler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Martinez grounded out to first . Garko grounded out to third . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Young reached on infield single to second . Hamilton struck out swinging . Bradley doubled to left , Young scored . Byrd walked . Laird doubled to deep right center , Bradley and Byrd scored . Boggs flied out to center . Shelton grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 15 - Rangers 9 .	Garko drives in 6 as Tribe rip Rangers in slugfest