Giants - Top 1st . Laffey pitching for Indians . Lewis struck out looking . Durham popped out to third . Winn grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Sizemore singled to right center . Carroll struck out swinging . Francisco struck out swinging . Sizemore stole second , Sizemore to third on wild pitch by Sanchez . Peralta walked . Garko singled to deep right center , Sizemore scored , Peralta to third . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Laffey pitching for Indians . Molina singled to left . Rowand hit by pitch , Molina to second . Aurilia grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rowand out at second , Molina to third . Castillo singled to right , Molina scored . Horwitz walked , Castillo to second . Vizquel grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Choo fouled out to third . Shoppach doubled to deep center . Marte struck out swinging . Sizemore popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Laffey pitching for Indians . Lewis grounded out to first . Durham grounded out to shortstop . Winn flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Carroll singled to left . Francisco flied out to center . Peralta popped out to second . Carroll caught stealing second , catcher to second . Garko batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Molina grounded out to third . Rowand grounded out to shortstop . Aurilia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Garko popped out to shortstop . Gutierrez flied out to left . Choo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Castillo popped out to second . Horwitz flied out to left . Vizquel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Shoppach struck out swinging . Marte struck out looking . Sizemore grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Lewis flied out to left . Durham popped out to second . Winn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Carroll grounded out to second . Francisco walked . Peralta grounded into double play , third to second to first , Francisco out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Molina singled to center . Rowand grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Molina out at second . Aurilia doubled to deep center . Castillo walked . Horwitz walked , Aurilia to third , Castillo to second . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Vizquel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Garko grounded out to shortstop . Gutierrez fouled out to first . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Lewis grounded out to pitcher . Durham walked . Winn singled to right , Durham to third . Molina struck out swinging . Winn stole second , Durham scored , Winn safe at third on throwing error by catcher Shoppach . Rowand popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 8th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Shoppach struck out looking . Blake hit for Marte . Blake doubled to left center . Sizemore flied out to right , Blake to third . Walker pitching for Giants . Carroll struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Blake at third base . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Aurilia walked . Castillo singled to shallow right , Aurilia to third . Horwitz grounded out to second , Castillo to second . Vizquel sacrificed to third , Aurilia scored , Castillo to third , Vizquel safe at first on error by third baseman Blake . Castillo to third on error by third baseman Blake . Perez pitching for Indians . Lewis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castillo out at home , Vizquel to second . Durham flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 9th . Wilson pitching for Giants . Francisco singled to left . Peralta singled to center , Francisco to third . Garko struck out swinging . Dellucci hit for Gutierrez . Dellucci grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Francisco scored , Peralta out at second . Choo walked , Dellucci to second . Shoppach struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 3 - Indians 2 .	Sanchez , Vizquel help Giants squeeze past Indians