Indians - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Sizemore struck out swinging . Dellucci doubled to deep right . Francisco grounded out to shortstop , Dellucci to third . Peralta singled to left , Dellucci scored . Choo struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Granderson homered to left . Joyce struck out swinging . Ordonez struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Garko walked . Shoppach singled to left , Garko to second . Marte sacrificed to third , Garko to third , Shoppach to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Sizemore singled to center , Garko and Shoppach scored . Dellucci struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Larish singled to center . Larish to second on balk by Carmona . Sheffield walked . Renteria sacrificed to pitcher , Larish to third , Sheffield to second . Inge singled to left , Larish scored , Sheffield to third . Santiago singled to right , Sheffield scored , Inge to second . Granderson singled to right , Inge scored , Santiago to third . Joyce grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Granderson out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Francisco flied out to left . Peralta struck out looking . Choo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . Larish grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Garko hit by pitch . Shoppach homered to left , Garko scored . Marte flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to second . Sizemore lined out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Sheffield grounded out to third . Renteria walked . Inge grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Renteria out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Dellucci hit by pitch . Francisco struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . Choo singled to right , Dellucci to second . Garko walked , Dellucci to third , Choo to second . Shoppach flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Santiago flied out to center . Granderson singled to right . Joyce singled to right , Granderson to second . Ordonez grounded out to third , Granderson to third , Joyce to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Joyce out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Marte singled to shallow left . Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher , Marte to second . Sizemore walked . Dellucci grounded out to shortstop , Marte to third , Sizemore to second . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Larish grounded out to first . Sheffield flied out to right . Renteria walked . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Renteria out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Glover pitching for Tigers . Peralta walked . Choo homered to right , Peralta scored . Garko struck out looking . Shoppach struck out swinging . Marte singled to left . Cabrera grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Perez pitching for Indians . Santiago grounded out to third . Granderson walked . Thames hit for Joyce . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Thames struck out swinging . Ordonez doubled to deep right , Granderson scored . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Thames in left field . Seay pitching for Tigers . Sizemore grounded out to second . Gutierrez hit for Dellucci . Gutierrez flied out to center . Francisco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Larish safe at first on error by pitcher Betancourt . Sheffield struck out swinging , Larish stole second . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 9th . Seay pitching for Tigers . Peralta singled to left . Choo singled to right , Peralta to third . Farnsworth pitching for Tigers . Garko singled to center , Peralta scored , Choo to second . Shoppach singled to left , Choo scored , Garko to second . Marte grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Shoppach out at second , Garko to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Santiago singled to right . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Santiago out at second . Thames struck out looking . Ordonez homered to right , Granderson scored . Cabrera struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 9 - Tigers 7 .	Shoppach powers Indians to 10th straight victory