Twins - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for Indians . Span grounded out to pitcher . Tolbert reached on bunt single to pitcher , Tolbert to second on throwing error by pitcher Jackson . Mauer walked . Morneau lined out to left . Cuddyer singled to center , Tolbert scored , Mauer to third . Young flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 1st . Liriano pitching for Twins . Sizemore grounded out to second . Gutierrez grounded out to pitcher . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for Indians . Buscher struck out swinging . Punto bunt grounded out to first . Gomez bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Liriano pitching for Twins . Peralta struck out swinging . Martinez walked . Shoppach singled to right , Martinez to second . Garko homered to right center , Martinez and Shoppach scored . Marte struck out swinging . Cabrera homered to left . Sizemore popped out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for Indians . Span hit by pitch . Tolbert grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Span out at second . Mauer grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Liriano pitching for Twins . Gutierrez singled to left . Francisco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gutierrez safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Punto . Gutierrez scored , Francisco to second on wild pitch by Liriano . Peralta struck out swinging . Martinez doubled to deep right , Francisco to third . Shoppach intentionally walked . Garko hit sacrifice fly to center , Francisco scored , Martinez to third . Marte singled to left , Martinez scored , Shoppach to second . Bonser pitching for Twins . Cabrera singled to center , Shoppach scored , Marte to second , Marte to third , Cabrera to second on error by center fielder Gomez . Sizemore intentionally walked . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for Indians . Morneau grounded out to second . Cuddyer safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta . Young grounded into double play , second to first , Cuddyer out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Francisco grounded out to shortstop . Peralta grounded out to third . Martinez singled to center . Shoppach struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Jackson pitching for Indians . Buscher reached on infield single to second . Punto grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Buscher out at second . Gomez doubled to deep center , Punto scored . Span singled to left , Gomez to third . Tolbert singled to right , Gomez scored , Span to third . Mauer singled to right , Span scored , Tolbert to third . Morneau grounded out to first , Tolbert scored , Mauer to second . Cuddyer struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Garko singled to center . Marte grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Garko out at second . Cabrera bunt grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Jackson pitching for Indians . Young singled to deep right . Buscher singled to left , Young to second . Punto sacrificed to pitcher , Young to third , Buscher to second . Rincon pitching for Indians . Gomez singled to center , Young and Buscher scored . Gomez stole second . Span walked . Tolbert struck out swinging . Rundles pitching for Indians . Mauer walked , Gomez to third , Span to second . Morneau flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Sizemore struck out looking . Gutierrez reached on infield single to third . Francisco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gutierrez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Donnelly pitching for Indians . Cuddyer walked . Pridie ran for Cuddyer . Young flied out to center . Buscher reached first base on catcher 's interference , Pridie to second . Buscher batting . Punto walked , Pridie to third , Buscher to second . Gomez lined into double play , to third , Pridie doubled off third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 7th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Peralta tripled to deep right . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Martinez grounded out to second . Shoppach struck out swinging . Garko walked . Choo hit for Marte . Breslow pitching for Twins . Choo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Carroll at third base . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Span walked . Tolbert flied out to left . Mauer walked , Span to second . Morneau doubled to deep center , Span scored , Mauer to third . Kubel hit for Pridie . Kubel intentionally walked . Young hit sacrifice fly to right , Mauer scored , Morneau to third . Buscher walked , Kubel to second . Mujica pitching for Indians . Punto grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Guardado pitching for Twins . Sizemore homered to right . Gutierrez walked . Francisco struck out swinging . Peralta flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Gomez bunt grounded out to first . Span popped out to shortstop . Tolbert singled to left center . Mauer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Reyes pitching for Twins . Martinez struck out swinging . Shoppach grounded out to third . Garko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 10th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Morneau struck out looking . Kubel grounded out to first . Young popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 10th . Mijares pitching for Twins . Carroll flied out to right . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Sizemore grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 11th . Mastny pitching for Indians . Casilla struck out looking . Punto singled to left . Gomez struck out swinging . Span grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 11th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Gutierrez singled to left center . Francisco sacrificed to first , Gutierrez to second . Peralta walked . Martinez homered to center , Gutierrez and Peralta scored . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 9 - Indians 12 .	Martinez , Tribe top Twins in 11