Orioles - Top 1st . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Roberts walked . Markakis singled to right , Roberts to second . Tejada struck out swinging . Roberts stole third , Markakis stole second , Roberts scored , Markakis safe at third on throwing error by catcher Varitek . Hernandez struck out swinging . Huff singled to center , Markakis scored . Millar struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Lugo grounded out to second . Crisp lined out to first . Ortiz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Gibbons struck out swinging . Payton grounded out to shortstop . Patterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Drew grounded out to second . Youkilis doubled to left . Varitek flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Roberts grounded out to first . Markakis walked . Tejada fouled out to catcher . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Hinske lined out to right . Cora popped out to third . Lugo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Huff struck out looking . Millar popped out to second . Gibbons grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Crisp bunt grounded out to pitcher . Ortiz walked . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Ramirez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Payton doubled to left . Patterson grounded out to second , Payton scored . Roberts walked . Markakis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Roberts out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Drew doubled to right . Youkilis grounded out to third . Varitek grounded out to third . Hinske grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Hernandez walked . Huff flied out to left . Millar hit by pitch , Hernandez to second . Gibbons flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Cora singled to center . Lugo flied out to right . Crisp walked , Cora to second . Pineiro pitching for Red Sox . Ortiz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crisp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Pineiro pitching for Red Sox . Payton grounded out to third . Patterson flied out to center . Roberts reached on infield single to second . Markakis walked , Roberts to second . Tejada singled to left , Roberts scored , Markakis to second . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Ramirez struck out swinging . Drew grounded out to shortstop . Youkilis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Pineiro pitching for Red Sox . Huff walked . Millar singled to left , Huff to second . Gibbons reached on infield single to second , Huff scored , Millar tagged out at third . Romero pitching for Red Sox . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gibbons out at second . Patterson reached on infield single to pitcher , Payton to second , Payton to third on throwing error by pitcher Romero . Roberts walked , Patterson to second . Markakis struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Varitek grounded out to first . Hinske grounded out to second . Pena in left field . Cora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Romero pitching for Red Sox . Tejada walked . Gomez hit for Huff . Hernandez struck out swinging . Gomez at third base . Gomez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Tejada out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Baez pitching for Orioles . Crisp safe at first on error by catcher Hernandez . Ortiz doubled to deep center , Crisp scored . Ray pitching for Orioles . Pena singled to left , Ortiz to third . Drew walked , Pena to second . Youkilis walked , Ortiz scored , Pena to third , Drew to second . Varitek doubled to right center , Pena and Drew scored , Youkilis to third . Hinske intentionally walked . Cora grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Youkilis out at home , Varitek to third , Hinske to second . Lugo safe at first on error by pitcher Ray , Varitek and Hinske scored , Cora to second . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Final score : Orioles 5 - Red Sox 6 .	Red Sox rally in 9th to drop O 's