Yankees - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Damon grounded out to second . Jeter grounded out to third . Matsui grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Wang pitching for Yankees . Lugo struck out swinging . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz walked . Ramirez singled to right center , Ortiz to second . Drew safe at first on error by first baseman Phelps , Ortiz to third , Ramirez to second . Lowell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Drew out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez walked . Posada struck out looking . Cano homered to right , Rodriguez scored . Abreu doubled to left . Phelps walked . Cabrera walked , Abreu to third , Phelps to second . Damon walked , Abreu scored , Phelps to third , Cabrera to second . Jeter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Damon out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Crisp singled to right . Mirabelli popped out to second . Pedroia doubled to right , Crisp to third . Lugo grounded out to second , Crisp scored , Pedroia to third . Youkilis walked . Ortiz singled to left , Pedroia scored , Youkilis to second . Ramirez singled to right , Youkilis to third , Ortiz to second . Drew popped out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Matsui grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez singled to left , Rodriguez out stretching at second . Posada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Lowell hit by pitch . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lowell out at second . Crisp stole second . Mirabelli singled to left , Crisp to third . Pedroia doubled to left , Crisp scored , Mirabelli to third . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mirabelli out at home , Pedroia to third . Lugo stole second . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Cano singled to center . Cano to second on passed ball by Mirabelli . Abreu walked . Phelps hit by pitch , Cano to third , Abreu to second . Cano scored , Abreu to third , Phelps to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . Cabrera singled to center , Abreu scored , Phelps to third . Phelps scored , Cabrera to second on passed ball by Mirabelli . Damon popped out to second . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Matsui walked . Rodriguez hit by pitch , Cabrera to third , Matsui to second . Posada doubled to deep center , Cabrera , Matsui and Rodriguez scored . Cano flied out to right . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Ortiz singled to center . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ortiz out at second . Youkilis at third base . Hinske at first base . Drew grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Abreu doubled to deep center . Phelps lined out to left . Cabrera walked . Youkilis at third base . Hinske at first base . Abreu caught stealing third , catcher to third , Cabrera to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Damon walked . Romero pitching for Red Sox . Youkilis at third base . Hinske at first base . Romero pitching for Red Sox . NY Yankees 's Manager Torre ejected by Crawford in the 5th . Matsui flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Hinske grounded out to second . Crisp grounded out to second . Pena in right field . Mirabelli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Romero pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Posada doubled to right . Cano grounded out to second , Posada to third . Posada out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Abreu batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Pedroia singled to left . Lugo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pedroia out at second . Myers pitching for Yankees . Youkilis reached on infield single to shortstop . Youkilis to second on fielder 's indifference . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Romero pitching for Red Sox . Abreu struck out swinging . Phelps grounded out to third . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Mientkiewicz at first base . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Damon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Ramirez singled to left . Pena grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ramirez out at second . Pineiro pitching for Red Sox . Hinske popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Pineiro pitching for Red Sox . Jeter safe at first on error by third baseman Youkilis . Matsui reached on infield single to second , Jeter to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Posada grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Crisp flied out to right . Mirabelli flied out to center . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Pedroia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Cano hit by pitch . Abreu grounded out to first , Cano to second . Mientkiewicz struck out looking . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Lugo struck out looking . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Villone pitching for Yankees . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Villone pitching for Yankees . Youkilis hit by pitch . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Villone pitching for Yankees . Ortiz singled to right , Youkilis to third . Ramirez singled to left center , Youkilis scored , Ortiz to third . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ortiz scored , Ramirez out at second . Hinske grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 9 - Red Sox 5 .	Yanks rip BoSox in ugly win