Red Sox - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Drew struck out swinging . Pedroia reached on infield single to second . Ortiz flied out to center . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki grounded out to second . Lopez lined out to left . Vidro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Youkilis grounded out to third . Lowell struck out swinging . Varitek grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Sexson doubled to deep left . Broussard singled to right , Sexson to third . Johjima grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sexson scored , Broussard out at second . Beltre flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Crisp singled to right . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Crisp safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Weaver . Drew safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez , Crisp and Lugo scored . Pedroia flied out to right . Ortiz singled to center , Drew to third . Ramirez struck out swinging . Ortiz stole second . Youkilis walked . Lowell fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Bloomquist flied out to right . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Varitek grounded out to second . Crisp singled to right . Crisp stole second . Lugo fouled out to third . Drew walked . Pedroia lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Lopez flied out to right . Vidro struck out swinging . Sexson walked . Broussard walked , Sexson to second . Johjima grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Broussard out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Ortiz flied out to center . Ramirez flied out to left . Youkilis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Beltre doubled to deep center . Betancourt sacrificed to pitcher , Beltre to third , Betancourt safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Tavarez . Beltre to third on throwing error by pitcher Tavarez . Bloomquist singled to center , Beltre scored , Betancourt to third . Suzuki walked , Bloomquist to second . Lopez singled to left , Betancourt and Bloomquist scored , Suzuki to second . Vidro bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Suzuki out at third , Lopez to second . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Sexson reached on infield single to third , Lopez to third , Vidro to second . Broussard fouled out to first . Johjima walked , Lopez scored , Vidro to third , Sexson to second . Beltre walked , Vidro scored , Sexson to third , Johjima to second . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beltre out at second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 6th . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Lowell singled to deep left . Varitek hit by pitch , Lowell to second . Crisp flied out to center . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Lugo flied out to right , Lowell to third . Drew lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Bloomquist struck out looking . Suzuki flied out to right . Lopez singled to center . Lopez stole second . Vidro grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Green pitching for Mariners . Ortiz grounded out to third . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Sexson walked . Ellison ran for Broussard . Broussard grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sexson out at second . Johjima homered to left , Ellison scored . Beltre homered to left . Betancourt popped out to second . Bloomquist singled to right . Ellison in right field . Suzuki lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Green pitching for Mariners . Youkilis walked . Lowell struck out swinging . Varitek hit by pitch , Youkilis to second . Murphy hit for Lugo . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Pena hit for Murphy . Crisp walked , Youkilis to third , Varitek to second . Hinske in left field . Mirabelli catching . Cora at shortstop . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Pena grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crisp out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Lopez flied out to center . Vidro grounded out to shortstop . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Drew walked . Pedroia hit ground rule double to deep left center , Drew to third . Ortiz struck out looking . Hinske struck out swinging . Youkilis doubled to deep left , Drew and Pedroia scored . Lowell struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 4 - Mariners 9 .	Weaver wins second straight as M 's beat BoSox