Red Sox - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Crisp singled to right . Pedroia singled to left , Crisp to second . Ortiz walked , Crisp to third , Pedroia to second . Youkilis singled to right , Crisp scored , Pedroia to third , Ortiz to second . Drew struck out swinging . Lowell grounded into double play , third to first , Ortiz out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki struck out swinging . Lopez walked . Vidro singled to center , Lopez to second . Sexson walked , Lopez to third , Vidro to second . Johjima hit by pitch , Lopez scored , Vidro to third , Sexson to second . Guillen walked , Vidro scored , Sexson to third , Johjima to second . Beltre walked , Sexson scored , Johjima to third , Guillen to second . Betancourt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Beltre out at second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Varitek struck out swinging . Hinske grounded out to second . Cora grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Bloomquist homered to left . Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher . Lopez singled to left , Suzuki to second . Vidro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lopez out at second , Suzuki to third . Sexson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Crisp safe at first on error by first baseman Sexson . Pedroia grounded out to third , Crisp to second . Ortiz singled to right , Crisp to third . Youkilis singled to left , Crisp scored , Ortiz to second . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Youkilis out at second , Ortiz to third . Lowell lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Johjima flied out to center . Guillen walked . Beltre flied out to center . Betancourt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Varitek singled to left . Hinske walked , Varitek to second . Cora grounded into double play , second to first , Hinske out at second , Varitek to third . Crisp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki singled to right . Lopez doubled to deep left , Suzuki to third . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Vidro walked . Sexson struck out swinging . Johjima grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Vidro out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz singled to center . Youkilis struck out swinging . Drew singled to right , Ortiz to second . Lowell tripled to deep left center , Ortiz and Drew scored . Varitek struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Beltre singled to right . Betancourt hit by pitch , Beltre to second . Bloomquist singled to center , Beltre scored , Betancourt to third . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to center , Betancourt scored . Bloomquist caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Lopez batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hinske homered to right . Cora doubled to deep right . Crisp sacrificed to pitcher , Cora to third . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Pedroia grounded out to pitcher . Ortiz singled to left center , Cora scored . Ortiz to second on wild pitch by O'Flaherty . Youkilis hit by pitch . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Drew flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Lopez lined out to center . Vidro singled to right . Sexson homered to right , Vidro scored . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . Guillen reached on infield single to shortstop , Guillen to second on throwing error by shortstop Cora . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Beltre lined out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 7th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Lowell struck out swinging . Varitek struck out swinging . Hinske singled to center . Cora grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hinske out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Betancourt walked . Bloomquist sacrificed to pitcher , Betancourt to second . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki intentionally walked . Lopez flied out to right , Betancourt to third . Vidro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Crisp walked . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Lugo ran for Pedroia . Pedroia singled to shallow right , Crisp to third . Putz pitching for Mariners . Ortiz struck out swinging . Youkilis hit sacrifice fly to center , Crisp scored . Lugo stole second . Lugo at shortstop . Cora at second base . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Drew grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Sexson struck out swinging . Johjima singled to left . Guillen flied out to center . Ellison in right field . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johjima out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Lowell struck out looking . Ramirez hit for Hinske . Varitek struck out swinging . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 7 - Mariners 8 .	Sexson homer the difference as M 's beat Red Sox