White Sox - Top 1st . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Owens grounded out to shortstop . Iguchi grounded out to second . Thome grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Lugo struck out swinging . Pedroia flied out to center . Ramirez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Konerko safe at second on error by left fielder Pena . Dye grounded out to pitcher . Fields doubled to deep right , Konerko scored . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Uribe flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Youkilis walked . Drew struck out swinging . Lowell walked , Youkilis to second . Varitek singled to left , Youkilis to third , Lowell to second . Crisp singled to left , Youkilis and Lowell scored , Varitek to second . Pena grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crisp out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Hall grounded out to second . Owens grounded out to second . Iguchi grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Lugo doubled to deep left center . Pedroia grounded out to second , Lugo to third . Ramirez struck out looking . Youkilis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Thome grounded out to shortstop . Konerko flied out to center . Dye grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Drew struck out swinging . Lowell flied out to center . Varitek grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Fields safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Fields out at second . Uribe grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Crisp grounded out to third . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Lugo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Hall flied out to center . Owens grounded out to second . Iguchi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Pedroia singled to left . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pedroia out at second . Youkilis singled to left , Ramirez to second . Drew doubled to deep right , Ramirez scored , Youkilis to third . Lowell walked . Varitek grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Youkilis out at home , Drew to third , Lowell to second . Crisp singled to left center , Drew scored , Lowell thrown out at home , Varitek to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Gabbard pitching for Red Sox . Thome flied out to center . Konerko lined out to left . Dye walked . Fields grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dye out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Wassermann pitching for White Sox . Hinske hit for Pena . Hinske singled to right . Lugo struck out swinging , Hinske stole second . Pedroia struck out looking . Ramirez intentionally walked . Youkilis walked , Hinske to third , Ramirez to second . Logan pitching for White Sox . Drew walked , Hinske scored , Ramirez to third , Youkilis to second . Day pitching for White Sox . Lowell walked , Ramirez scored , Youkilis to third , Drew to second . Varitek walked , Youkilis scored , Drew to third , Lowell to second . Crisp singled to center , Drew and Lowell scored , Varitek to second . Hinske tripled to deep right , Varitek and Crisp scored . Lugo struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Hinske in left field . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Uribe flied out to center . Hall singled to deep left . Owens singled to right , Hall to second . Iguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Owens out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Mackowiak at first base . Terrero in right field . Haeger pitching for White Sox . Pedroia singled to right . Pedroia to second on passed ball by Hall . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Youkilis struck out swinging . Drew walked . Lowell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Pineiro pitching for Red Sox . Mirabelli catching . Cintron hit for Thome . Cintron flied out to center . Terrero singled to left . Mackowiak doubled to deep center , Terrero scored . Fields flied out to right . Gonzalez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 2 - Red Sox 11 .	Red Sox walk away with victory over White Sox