White Sox - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Owens grounded out to shortstop . Cintron flied out to left . Thome grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for White Sox . Lugo walked . Cora grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lugo out at second . Youkilis walked , Cora to second . Ramirez homered to right center , Cora and Youkilis scored . Drew grounded out to first . Lowell struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Dye flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Crisp flied out to center . Hinske struck out looking . Mirabelli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Mackowiak struck out swinging . Fields walked . Fields stole second . Uribe singled to center , Fields to third . Owens flied out to center . Cintron grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Lugo popped out to shortstop . Cora popped out to shortstop . Youkilis doubled to left . Ramirez intentionally walked . Drew flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Thome walked . Konerko grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Thome out at second . Pierzynski flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Lowell flied out to center . Crisp singled to center . Hinske hit ground rule double to deep right , Crisp to third . Mirabelli struck out swinging . Lugo popped out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Dye doubled to left . Mackowiak grounded out to second , Dye to third . Fields singled to center , Dye scored . Uribe flied out to left . Fields to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . Owens popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Cora grounded out to third . Youkilis grounded out to third . Ramirez walked . Drew walked , Ramirez to second . Lowell homered to left , Ramirez and Drew scored . Crisp singled to center . Haeger pitching for White Sox . Crisp to second on passed ball by Pierzynski . Hinske grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Cintron grounded out to second . Thome struck out swinging . Konerko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Haeger pitching for White Sox . Mirabelli walked . Lugo walked , Mirabelli to second . Cora grounded out to first , Mirabelli to third , Lugo to second . Youkilis hit sacrifice fly to right , Mirabelli scored , Lugo to third . Ramirez singled to left center , Lugo scored . Drew lined out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Pierzynski singled to center . Dye doubled to left , Pierzynski to third . Mackowiak hit sacrifice fly to right , Pierzynski scored , Dye to third . Fields singled to left , Dye scored . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Uribe singled to center , Fields to second . Owens walked , Fields to third , Uribe to second . Cintron singled to left , Fields scored , Uribe to third , Owens to second . Thome walked , Uribe scored , Owens to third , Cintron to second . Konerko fouled out to first . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Pierzynski struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Haeger pitching for White Sox . Lowell singled to left . Crisp singled to center , Lowell to second . Hinske flied out to left . Mirabelli grounded into double play , third to first , Lowell out at third , Crisp to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Dye flied out to center . Mackowiak struck out looking . Fields flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Haeger pitching for White Sox . Lugo singled to center . Lugo to second on wild pitch by Haeger . Cora fouled out to third . Youkilis flied out to center , Lugo to third on error by center fielder Owens . Ramirez intentionally walked . Drew grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Uribe singled to left . Owens singled to center , Uribe to second . Cintron walked , Uribe to third , Owens to second . Thome struck out swinging . Konerko grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cintron out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Red Sox 8 .	Manny , Red Sox hold off slumping White Sox