Red Sox - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Pedroia singled to right . Youkilis singled to left , Pedroia to second . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Youkilis out at second , Pedroia to third . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pedroia scored , Ortiz out at second . Lowell struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Figgins singled to center . Figgins stole second . Cabrera struck out looking . Guerrero intentionally walked . Anderson flied out to right . Matthews flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Crisp struck out swinging . Pena walked . Mirabelli grounded out to first , Pena to second . Lugo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Kotchman doubled to deep right . Izturis singled to center , Kotchman scored , Izturis to second advancing on throw . Mathis flied out to right . Willits grounded out to second , Izturis to third . Figgins flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Pedroia flied out to center . Youkilis flied out to left . Ortiz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera grounded out to third . Guerrero flied out to left . Anderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Ramirez flied out to right . Lowell flied out to right . Crisp flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Matthews flied out to left . Kotchman flied out to right . Izturis singled to left . Mathis doubled to deep center , Izturis scored . Willits struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Pena doubled to deep center . Mirabelli homered to left , Pena scored . Lugo grounded out to second . Pedroia singled to right . Youkilis doubled to deep left , Pedroia scored . Ortiz grounded out to second , Youkilis to third . Ramirez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Figgins walked . Figgins stole second . Cabrera doubled to deep center , Figgins scored . Guerrero walked . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera to third , Guerrero safe at second on error by shortstop Lugo . Matthews singled to left , Cabrera and Guerrero scored , Anderson to second . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Kotchman grounded out to first , Anderson to third , Matthews to second . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Kotchman grounded out to first , Anderson to third , Matthews to second . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Anderson scored , Matthews to third . Mathis reached on bunt single to pitcher , Matthews scored , Izturis to second . Willits singled to center , Izturis to third , Mathis to second . Figgins struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 6th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Lowell singled to left . Crisp doubled to deep left center , Lowell thrown out at home . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Drew hit for Pena . Drew grounded out to first , Crisp to third . Mirabelli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Drew in right field . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Guerrero doubled to deep left . Anderson grounded out to first , Guerrero to third . Matthews doubled to deep left , Guerrero scored . Kotchman doubled to center , Matthews scored , Kotchman to third on error by center fielder Crisp . Izturis walked . Mathis grounded into double play , second to first , Izturis out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 7th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Lugo grounded out to third . Pedroia flied out to center . Youkilis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Willits flied out to center . Figgins grounded out to first . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Ortiz struck out swinging . Ramirez doubled to left . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Crisp flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Moss in left field . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Guerrero grounded out to third . Anderson grounded out to second . Matthews homered to center . Kotchman walked . Aybar hit for Izturis . Aybar singled to center , Kotchman to second . Mathis struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Aybar at second base . Oliver pitching for Angels . Drew flied out to left . Mirabelli popped out to second . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 4 - Angels 10 .	Matthews , Angels rip BoSox