Indians - Top 1st . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Sizemore popped out to second . Cabrera grounded out to second . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Pedroia singled to left . Youkilis singled to left , Pedroia to second . Ortiz struck out swinging . Ramirez singled to left center , Pedroia scored , Youkilis to second . Lowell singled to left , Youkilis to third , Ramirez to second . Drew grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lowell out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Martinez lined out to third . Garko grounded out to third . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Varitek doubled to deep left . Ellsbury singled to shallow left , Varitek to third . Lugo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Varitek scored , Ellsbury out at second . Pedroia flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Lofton flied out to right . Gutierrez popped out to second . Blake singled to center . Blake to second on wild pitch by Matsuzaka . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Youkilis doubled to left . Ortiz grounded out to first , Youkilis to third . Ramirez intentionally walked . Lowell hit sacrifice fly to right , Youkilis scored . Drew flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Hafner doubled to deep left center . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . Garko doubled to deep center , Hafner scored . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Varitek singled to left . Ellsbury grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Varitek out at second . Lugo singled to center , Ellsbury to third . Pedroia grounded into double play , second to first , Lugo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Lofton singled to deep left , Lofton out at second . Gutierrez singled to center . Blake singled to right , Gutierrez to third . Sizemore hit sacrifice fly to center , Gutierrez scored . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Youkilis struck out swinging . Ortiz grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Hafner flied out to left . Martinez flied out to right . Garko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Lowell struck out looking . Drew grounded out to second . Varitek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Peralta flied out to right . Lofton safe at second on error by shortstop Lugo . Gutierrez singled to left , Lofton to third . Blake grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gutierrez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Ellsbury safe at second on error by third baseman Blake . Lugo sacrificed to first , Ellsbury to third . Pedroia homered to left center , Ellsbury scored . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 8th . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Sizemore reached on bunt single to first . Cabrera singled to center , Sizemore to second . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Hafner struck out swinging . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second , Sizemore to third . Garko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Ramirez popped out to second . Lowell doubled to deep center . Drew singled to center , Lowell scored . Varitek hit ground rule double to left , Drew to third . Ellsbury intentionally walked . Lugo struck out swinging . Pedroia doubled to deep left center , Drew , Varitek and Ellsbury scored . Lewis pitching for Indians . Youkilis homered to left , Pedroia scored . Ortiz struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Crisp in center field . Ellsbury in left field . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Peralta singled to left . Lofton lined out to left . Gutierrez lined out to center . Blake flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 2 - Red Sox 11 .	BoSox back in World Series after trouncing Tribe