Mariners - Top 1st. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Aoki struck out swinging. Marte flied out to left. Canó grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Burns singled to right. Lowrie lined into double play, second to first, Burns doubled off first. Reddick doubled to deep right. Davis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Cruz flied out to center. Gutiérrez grounded out to second. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Vogt flied out to right. Butler grounded out to first. Coghlan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Iannetta singled to right. Lee safe at first on error by second baseman Lowrie, Iannetta to second. Martín sacrificed to third, Iannetta to third, Lee to second. Aoki grounded out to second. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Alonso fouled out to catcher. Semien homered to left (402 feet). Burns struck out looking. Lowrie flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Canó grounded out to second. Cruz singled to center. Gutiérrez walked, Cruz to second. Seager struck out swinging, Cruz to third, Gutiérrez to second on wild pitch by Manaea. Iannetta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Reddick singled to right. Davis singled to left, Reddick to second. Vogt grounded out to pitcher, Reddick to third, Davis to second. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to first, Reddick scored, Davis to third. Coghlan grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Butler out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Martín struck out swinging. Aoki reached on infield single to second. Marte doubled to deep left, Aoki scored. Canó singled to center, Marte scored. Cruz homered to center (446 feet), Canó scored. Gutiérrez singled to left. Seager struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Alonso singled to deep right center. Semien singled to center, Alonso to second. Burns reached on bunt single to pitcher, Alonso to third, Semien to second. Lowrie singled to left, Alonso scored, Semien to third, Burns to second. Reddick grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Semien scored on error by pitcher Hernández, Burns to third, Lowrie to second. Davis safe at first on error by third baseman Seager, Burns and Lowrie scored, Reddick to second. Nuño pitching for Mariners. Vogt lined out to first. Butler singled to left, Reddick scored, Davis to second. Coghlan singled to center, Davis scored, Butler to second. Alonso grounded out to first, Butler to third, Coghlan to second. Semien flied out to right. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Dull pitching for Athletics. Iannetta struck out looking. Lee homered to right center (406 feet). Martín reached on bunt single to third. Martín stole second. Martín safe at third on throwing error by catcher Vogt. Aoki hit sacrifice fly to center, Martín scored. Marte doubled to left. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Canó lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Montgomery pitching for Mariners. Burns lined out to first. Lowrie flied out to right. Reddick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Cruz walked. Gutiérrez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cruz out at second. Gutiérrez to second on wild pitch by Doolittle. Seager singled to center, Gutiérrez scored. Axford pitching for Athletics. Iannetta grounded out to pitcher, Seager to second. Lee homered to left (359 feet), Seager scored. Martín grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Montgomery pitching for Mariners. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Vogt flied out to left. Butler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Axford pitching for Athletics. Aoki grounded out to pitcher. Marte bunt grounded out to pitcher. Canó singled to center. Cruz singled to left, Canó to second. Gutiérrez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Peralta pitching for Mariners. Coghlan struck out swinging. Alonso flied out to left. Semien struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Madson pitching for Athletics. Seager singled to left. Iannetta doubled to left, Seager to third. Lee intentionally walked. Martín struck out swinging. Aoki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Seager out at home, Iannetta to third, Lee to second. Marte flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Cishek pitching for Mariners. Burns grounded out to shortstop. Lowrie walked. Ladendorf ran for Lowrie. Reddick grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ladendorf out at second. Davis popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 9 - Athletics 8.	Mariners rally against A's bullpen for first sweep of season