Athletics - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Semien safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Beltré. Smolinski grounded out to third, Semien to second. Valencia walked. Davis struck out swinging. Butler singled to left, Semien scored, Valencia to second. Vogt struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Detwiler pitching for Athletics. Choo grounded out to second. Desmond struck out swinging. Beltrán struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Healy homered to left center (424 feet). Eibner struck out swinging. Ladendorf struck out swinging. Semien doubled to deep right. Smolinski flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Detwiler pitching for Athletics. Beltré walked. Odor singled to right, Beltré to second. Lucroy struck out swinging. Andrus walked, Beltré to third, Odor to second. Profar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Andrus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Valencia popped out to third. Davis grounded out to second. Butler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Detwiler pitching for Athletics. DeShields singled to left. Choo flied out to center. Desmond grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, DeShields out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Vogt grounded out to shortstop. Healy singled to center. Eibner grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Healy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Detwiler pitching for Athletics. Beltrán singled to center, Beltrán to second on error by center fielder Smolinski. Beltré walked. Odor lined out to second. Lucroy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beltré out at second, Beltrán to third. Andrus singled to right, Beltrán scored, Lucroy to second. Profar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andrus out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Ladendorf grounded out to second. Semien grounded out to third. Smolinski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Detwiler pitching for Athletics. DeShields flied out to left. Choo hit by pitch. Mazara ran for Choo. Desmond singled to center, Mazara to second. Beltrán singled to left, Mazara to third, Desmond to second. Beltré homered to left (418 feet), Mazara, Desmond and Beltrán scored. Odor grounded out to first. Lucroy walked. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lucroy out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Valencia singled to right. Davis struck out swinging. Butler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Valencia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Profar struck out swinging. Moreland hit for DeShields. Moreland lined out to center. Mazara singled to right. Desmond reached on infield single to second, Mazara to second. Beltrán fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Profar in left field. Moreland at first base. Perez pitching for Rangers. Vogt flied out to right. Healy struck out swinging. Eibner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Axford pitching for Athletics. Beltré grounded out to third. Odor singled to center. Lucroy walked, Odor to second. Andrus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lucroy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Bush pitching for Rangers. Muncy hit for Ladendorf. Muncy struck out swinging. Semien struck out swinging. Smolinski popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Muncy at second base. Rzepczynski pitching for Athletics. Profar lined out to right. Moreland walked. Mazara struck out swinging. Desmond grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Dyson pitching for Rangers. Valencia reached on infield single to third. Davis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Valencia out at second. Butler grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 2 - Rangers 5.	Beltre slam, solid Perez carry Rangers past Athletics 5-2