Athletics - Top 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Crisp flied out to center. Smolinski singled to shallow center. Semien doubled to shallow left, Smolinski to third. Davis struck out swinging. Healy lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Sheridan Neal pitching for Athletics. Eaton singled to right. Anderson singled to center, Eaton to third. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to first, Eaton out at home, Anderson to second. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second, Anderson to third. Morneau doubled to deep center, Anderson scored, Abreu to third. Frazier singled to left, Abreu and Morneau scored, Frazier thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Eibner singled to center. Alonso grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Eibner out at second. Pinder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Sheridan Neal pitching for Athletics. Narvaez grounded out to first. S치nchez struck out swinging. Shuck grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Maxwell popped out to shortstop. Crisp struck out looking. Smolinski grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Sheridan Neal pitching for Athletics. Eaton fouled out to third. Anderson flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Semien doubled to deep right. Davis homered to center (424 feet), Semien scored. Healy flied out to left. Eibner lined out to center. Alonso struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Sheridan Neal pitching for Athletics. Abreu homered to left center (394 feet). Morneau flied out to left. Frazier singled to left. Narvaez lined out to left. Frazier stole second. Frazier to third on balk by Neal. S치nchez lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Pinder grounded out to third. Maxwell grounded out to second. Crisp singled to left. Smolinski singled to left, Crisp to second. Semien lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Sheridan Neal pitching for Athletics. Shuck popped out to first. Eaton struck out swinging. Anderson doubled to left. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Anderson to third. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Cabrera stole second. Abreu lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Davis struck out looking. Healy grounded out to second. Eibner popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Morneau struck out swinging. Frazier doubled to deep center. Narvaez struck out swinging. S치nchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Alonso flied out to right. Pinder reached on infield single to shortstop. Maxwell struck out swinging. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pinder out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Rzepczynski pitching for Athletics. Shuck walked. Eaton grounded out to pitcher, Shuck to second. Dull pitching for Athletics. Anderson reached on infield single to second, Shuck to third on throwing error by second baseman Pinder. Cabrera fouled out to catcher. Anderson stole second. Abreu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 8th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Smolinski walked. Jones pitching for White Sox. Semien struck out swinging. Davis struck out swinging. Healy reached on infield single to catcher, Smolinski to second. Eibner flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Coulombe pitching for Athletics. Morneau grounded out to first. Frazier lined out to right. Narvaez singled to right. S치nchez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Narvaez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Robertson pitching for White Sox. Alonso singled to left. Pinder flied out to center. Vogt hit for Maxwell. Vogt struck out swinging. Alonso to second on fielder's indifference. Crisp lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 2 - White Sox 4.	Quintana wins 10th, Abreu homers to lead White Sox past A's