Royals - Top 1st . Wang pitching for Yankees . Costa grounded out to second . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Mays pitching for Royals . Damon doubled to left . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield grounded out to third . Rodriguez walked . Giambi homered to right , Damon and Rodriguez scored . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Sanders grounded out to third . Mientkiewicz singled to center . Mientkiewicz to second on wild pitch by Wang . Brown grounded out to third . Teahen doubled to deep left , Mientkiewicz scored . Berroa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Mays pitching for Royals . Posada singled to left . Cano grounded into double play , third to second to first , Posada out at second . Williams popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Buck grounded out to third . Costa grounded out to second . Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Mays pitching for Royals . Damon walked . Jeter flied out to right . Sheffield grounded out to catcher , Damon to second . Rodriguez walked . Giambi walked , Damon to third , Rodriguez to second . Matsui walked , Damon scored , Rodriguez to third , Giambi to second . Wood pitching for Royals . Posada grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . Sanders homered to left . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first . Brown doubled to deep center . Brown to third on wild pitch by Wang . Teahen walked . Berroa singled to center , Brown scored , Teahen to third . Buck singled to deep right , Teahen scored , Berroa to third . Costa lined out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Wood pitching for Royals . Cano reached on infield single to pitcher . Williams singled to right , Cano to second . Damon sacrificed to third , Cano to third , Williams to second . Jeter walked . Sheffield popped into double play , shortstop to second , Williams doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Grudzielanek lined out to first . Sweeney flied out to right . Sanders grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Wood pitching for Royals . Rodriguez flied out to center . Giambi walked . Matsui popped out to shortstop . Posada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Mientkiewicz walked . Brown reached on infield single to third , Mientkiewicz to second . Teahen reached on bunt single to pitcher , Mientkiewicz to third , Brown to second . Berroa grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Mientkiewicz scored , Teahen out at second , Brown to third . Dessens pitching for Royals . Buck lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Cano grounded out to pitcher . Williams grounded out to second . Damon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Costa homered to right . Grudzielanek hit ground rule double to right . Sweeney struck out swinging . Myers pitching for Yankees . Sanders singled to left , Grudzielanek scored . Sanders caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Mientkiewicz struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield struck out swinging . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Brown struck out swinging . Teahen flied out to left . Berroa walked . Sisco pitching for Royals . Buck fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Sisco pitching for Royals . Giambi walked . Matsui singled to right , Giambi to second . Posada walked , Giambi to third , Matsui to second . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Giambi scored , Posada out at second , Matsui to third . Burgos pitching for Royals . Williams singled to left center , Matsui scored , Cano to second . Damon struck out swinging . Jeter homered to left , Cano and Williams scored . Phillips at first base . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Sheffield struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Costa grounded out to second . Grudzielanek singled to center . German ran for Sweeney . Sweeney hit by pitch , Grudzielanek to second . Sanders struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 7 - Yankees 9 .	Yankees win ninth straight home opener