Royals - Top 1st . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . DeJesus flied out to left . Grudzielanek lined out to shortstop . Sweeney singled to center . Sanders flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Wood pitching for Royals . Crawford struck out swinging . Cantu struck out swinging . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . Brown flied out to right . Teahen lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Wood pitching for Royals . Gomes walked . Branyan doubled to deep left center , Gomes to third . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop , Gomes scored . Paul reached on infield single to shortstop . Perez flied out to left . Gathright grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Berroa reached on infield single to third . Buck fouled out to first . DeJesus walked . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Sweeney walked , DeJesus to second . Sanders lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Wood pitching for Royals . Crawford walked . Cantu doubled to left , Crawford to third . Lee walked . Gomes struck out looking . Branyan hit sacrifice fly to shortstop , Crawford scored . Wigginton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lee out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Mientkiewicz doubled to deep right . Brown reached on infield single to third . Teahen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Brown out at second , Mientkiewicz to third . Berroa reached on infield single to third , Mientkiewicz scored . Buck flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Wood pitching for Royals . Paul struck out looking . Perez walked . Gathright bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Perez out at second . Crawford flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . DeJesus popped out to first . Grudzielanek flied out to center . Sweeney struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Cantu walked . Lee grounded into double play , second to first , Cantu out at second . Gomes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Sanders singled to left . Mientkiewicz flied out to right . Brown doubled to deep left , Sanders to third . Teahen hit sacrifice fly to left , Sanders scored . Berroa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Branyan struck out swinging . Wigginton flied out to right . Paul singled to left . Perez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Buck singled to center . DeJesus singled to right , Buck to third . Grudzielanek hit sacrifice fly to right , Buck scored . Sweeney grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeJesus out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Gathright doubled to deep left center . Crawford reached on bunt single to pitcher , Gathright to third . Sisco pitching for Royals . Cantu walked , Crawford to second . Lee struck out swinging . Hollins hit for Branyan . Gomes walked , Gathright scored , Crawford to third , Cantu to second . Hollins struck out swinging . Hollins in right field . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Wigginton singled to right center , Crawford and Cantu scored , Gomes out at home , Wigginton to second advancing on throw . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Sanders struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz grounded out to pitcher . Burgos pitching for Royals . Brown struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Paul struck out swinging . Perez struck out swinging . Gathright walked . Gathright stole second . Crawford doubled to left , Gathright scored . Cantu grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Teahen walked . Stairs hit for Buck . Berroa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Teahen out at second . Stairs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 3 - Devil Rays 6 .	Wigginton , Devil Rays hand Royals sixth straight loss