Indians - Top 1st . Mays pitching for Royals . Sizemore struck out swinging . Hollandsworth grounded out to second . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Byrd pitching for Indians . Costa grounded out to second . Grudzielanek singled to right . Sweeney walked , Grudzielanek to second . Sanders walked , Grudzielanek to third , Sweeney to second . Mientkiewicz doubled to right , Grudzielanek and Sweeney scored , Sanders to third . Brown singled to center , Sanders and Mientkiewicz scored . Berroa grounded out to shortstop , Brown to second . Bako lined out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Mays pitching for Royals . Hafner flied out to center . Martinez lined out to first . Broussard fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Byrd pitching for Indians . German singled to center . Costa doubled to deep left center , German scored . Grudzielanek grounded out to second , Costa to third . Sweeney hit sacrifice fly to center , Costa scored . Sanders grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Mays pitching for Royals . Belliard grounded out to third . Vazquez grounded out to third . Blake grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Mientkiewicz tripled to deep center . Brown hit sacrifice fly to left , Mientkiewicz scored . Berroa flied out to center . Bako grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Mays pitching for Royals . Sizemore singled to center . Hollandsworth flied out to left . Guthrie pitching for Indians . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Guthrie pitching for Indians . German walked . Costa struck out swinging , German stole second . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Mays pitching for Royals . Hafner walked . Martinez doubled to deep center , Hafner to third . Broussard doubled to deep right , Hafner and Martinez scored . Belliard grounded out to shortstop , Broussard to third . Vazquez grounded out to second , Broussard scored . Blake doubled to left . Wood pitching for Royals . Sizemore walked . Hollandsworth singled to right , Blake scored , Sizemore to third . Hollandsworth to second on wild pitch by Wood . Peralta struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Guthrie pitching for Indians . Sanders singled to right . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first , Sanders to third on throwing error by first baseman Broussard . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Berroa singled to center , Sanders scored . Bako struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Wood pitching for Royals . Hafner flied out to left . Martinez flied out to center . Broussard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Slocum pitching for Indians . Cleveland 's Manager Wedge ejected by West in the 6th . Costa singled to right , German to third . Costa to second on passed ball by Martinez . Grudzielanek singled to center , German scored , Costa to third . Sweeney struck out swinging . Sanders doubled to left center , Costa scored , Grudzielanek to third , Grudzielanek scored , Sanders to third on throwing error by shortstop Peralta . Mientkiewicz hit by pitch . Brown walked , Mientkiewicz to second . Berroa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Brown out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 7th . Wood pitching for Royals . Belliard flied out to center . Vazquez flied out to center . Blake safe at second on error by third baseman German . Sizemore singled to center , Blake scored . Hollandsworth grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 7th . Slocum pitching for Indians . Bako struck out swinging . German lined out to right . Costa walked . Grudzielanek flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Wood pitching for Royals . Peralta struck out swinging . Hafner struck out swinging . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Martinez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Sweeney flied out to right . Sanders flied out to right . Mientkiewicz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Wood pitching for Royals . Broussard reached on infield single to shortstop . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Broussard out at second . Vazquez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Belliard out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - Royals 11 .	Kansas City Mo : Royals snap 11 - game skid