Indians - Top 1st . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Sizemore singled to right . Michaels grounded out to third , Sizemore to second . Sizemore to third on wild pitch by Affeldt . Peralta struck out swinging . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Indians . Costa flied out to left . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Perez grounded out to third . Belliard homered to left . Boone grounded out to third . Blake grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Indians . Mientkiewicz singled to center . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mientkiewicz out at second . Berroa reached on infield single to second , Brown to third , Brown scored , Berroa to second on throwing error by second baseman Belliard . Graffanino grounded out to shortstop , Berroa to third . German singled to left , Berroa scored . Buck doubled to deep left , German scored . Costa grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 3rd . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Shoppach struck out swinging . Sizemore struck out looking . Michaels grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Indians . Grudzielanek grounded out to first . Sweeney grounded out to third . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Peralta struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to third . Perez doubled to left . Belliard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Indians . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Berroa doubled to deep center . Graffanino doubled to right , Berroa scored . German popped out to second . Graffanino to third on wild pitch by Johnson . Buck struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Boone walked . Blake popped out to second . Shoppach walked , Boone to second . Sizemore grounded out to first , Boone to third , Shoppach to second . Michaels struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Indians . Costa doubled to center . Costa caught stealing third , catcher to shortstop to third to second . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Peralta flied out to left . Martinez singled to center . Dessens pitching for Royals . Broussard hit for Perez . Broussard grounded out to first , Martinez to second . Broussard at first base . Belliard flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Indians . Mientkiewicz flied out to left . Brown lined out to shortstop . Berroa singled to center . Graffanino singled to center , Berroa to third . German walked , Graffanino to second . Buck grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Boone grounded out to third . Blake grounded out to shortstop . Shoppach singled to left center . Davis pitching for Indians . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Davis pitching for Indians . Costa popped out to shortstop . Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher . Sweeney popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Michaels lined out to shortstop . Peralta grounded out to third . Sisco pitching for Royals . Martinez singled to left . Broussard popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Davis pitching for Indians . Mientkiewicz singled to shallow right . Brown singled to right , Mientkiewicz to second . Berroa singled to center , Mientkiewicz out at home , Brown to third , Berroa to second . Graffanino reached on infield single to second , Brown scored , Berroa to third . Burgos pitching for Royals . German grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Graffanino out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Belliard flied out to left . Boone singled to left . Blake grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Boone out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 1 - Royals 5 .	Affeldt first Royals starter to get victory in win vs. Tribe