Indians - Top 1st . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Sizemore tripled to right . Michaels grounded out to first . Peralta walked . Hafner grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sizemore out at third , Peralta to third , Hafner to second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hafner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Indians . German struck out swinging . Grudzielanek reached on infield single to second . Mientkiewicz lined out to center . Stairs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Perez hit by pitch . Blake singled to center , Perez to second . Belliard singled to center , Perez scored , Blake out at third , Belliard to second advancing on throw . Boone singled to left , Belliard scored . Sizemore flied out to right . Michaels singled to center , Boone to third . Peralta walked , Michaels to second . Gobble pitching for Royals . Hafner lined out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Indians . Graffanino singled to right . Guiel grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Graffanino out at second . Berroa flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Gobble pitching for Royals . Martinez lined out to third . Perez popped out to first . Blake singled to left center . Belliard flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Indians . Robinson doubled to shallow left . Buck walked . German sacrificed to third , Robinson to third , Buck to second . Grudzielanek singled to right , Robinson scored , Buck to third . Mientkiewicz hit sacrifice fly to center , Buck scored . Stairs grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Boone walked . Sizemore grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Boone out at second . Michaels flied out to right . Sizemore stole second . Peralta walked . Hafner tripled to deep center , Sizemore and Peralta scored . Martinez lined out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Indians . Graffanino flied out to right . Guiel homered to right . Berroa grounded out to shortstop . Robinson reached on bunt single to first . Robinson stole second . Buck singled to right , Robinson scored . German grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Buck out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Perez doubled to deep right . Blake struck out swinging . Peralta pitching for Royals . Belliard grounded out to shortstop , Perez to third . Boone struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Indians . Grudzielanek reached on infield single to shortstop . Mientkiewicz struck out looking . Stairs struck out looking . Graffanino singled to left , Grudzielanek to second . Guiel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Sizemore doubled to deep right . Michaels hit by pitch . Peralta walked , Sizemore to third , Michaels to second . Hafner flied out to left , Sizemore thrown out at home . Michaels to third , Peralta to second on wild pitch by Peralta . Martinez singled to center , Michaels and Peralta scored . Perez fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Indians . Berroa singled to left . Graves pitching for Indians . Robinson singled to center , Berroa to second . Buck homered to left , Berroa and Robinson scored . German grounded out to second . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Grudzielanek doubled to deep right center . Mientkiewicz walked . Davis pitching for Indians . Stairs struck out swinging . Graffanino doubled to left , Grudzielanek scored , Mientkiewicz to third . Guiel singled to right , Mientkiewicz and Graffanino scored , Guiel to second advancing on throw . Berroa hit by pitch . Robinson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Berroa out at second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Blake popped out to shortstop . Belliard singled to left . Sisco pitching for Royals . Boone struck out looking . Sizemore grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Davis pitching for Indians . Buck doubled to right . German bunt popped out foul to third . Grudzielanek grounded out to second , Buck to third . Mientkiewicz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Sisco pitching for Royals . Michaels singled to right . Peralta struck out swinging . Hafner struck out swinging . Michaels to second on wild pitch by Sisco . Guthrie pitching for Indians . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Guthrie pitching for Indians . Stairs singled to left . Graffanino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Stairs out at second . Guiel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Sisco pitching for Royals . Perez doubled to deep right center . Dessens pitching for Royals . Blake flied out to right . Belliard grounded out to shortstop , Perez to third . Boone singled to left center , Perez scored . Boone to second on fielder 's indifference . Sizemore grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 7 - Royals 10 .	Buck 's four RBI help Royals to win over Indians