Royals - Top 1st . Lee pitching for Indians . German walked . Grudzielanek walked , German to second . Sanders struck out swinging . Brown flied out to center . Mientkiewicz reached on infield single to third , German to third , Grudzielanek to second , German scored , Grudzielanek to third , Mientkiewicz to second on throwing error by third baseman . Graffanino popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Sizemore flied out to right . Michaels popped out to first . Peralta flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Lee pitching for Indians . Berroa struck out swinging . Huber struck out looking . Buck doubled to left . German reached on infield single to shortstop , Buck to third . Grudzielanek singled to center , Buck scored , German to second . Sanders flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Hafner singled to left center . Blake reached on bunt single to pitcher , Hafner to second . Broussard grounded out to first , Hafner to third , Blake to second . Belliard grounded out to second , Hafner scored , Blake to third . Boone hit by pitch . Shoppach walked , Boone to second . Sizemore struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Lee pitching for Indians . Brown flied out to center . Mientkiewicz struck out looking . Graffanino struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Michaels doubled to left . Peralta walked . Hafner walked , Michaels to third , Peralta to second . Blake singled to center , Michaels and Peralta scored , Hafner to third . Broussard singled to center , Hafner scored , Blake to second . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Broussard out at second , Blake to third . Boone flied out to left . Shoppach struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Lee pitching for Indians . Berroa flied out to center . Huber struck out swinging . Buck singled to left . German singled to right , Buck to second . Grudzielanek flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Sizemore homered to right center . Michaels flied out to center . Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop . Gobble pitching for Royals . Hafner struck out swinging . Blake struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Lee pitching for Indians . Sanders flied out to center . Brown struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz hit by pitch . Graffanino flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Broussard struck out swinging . Belliard doubled to deep left center . Boone singled to center , Belliard scored . Shoppach doubled to right center , Boone thrown out at home . Sizemore lined out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Lee pitching for Indians . Berroa grounded out to third . Huber fouled out to first . Buck flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Michaels lined out to second . Peralta flied out to right . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Lee pitching for Indians . German walked . Grudzielanek hit ground rule double to left , German to third . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Sanders doubled to deep center , German and Grudzielanek scored . Sanders to third on wild pitch by Cabrera . Brown struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz walked . Graffanino doubled to left , Sanders scored , Mientkiewicz to third . Stairs hit for Huber . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Berroa struck out swinging . Burgos pitching for Royals . Stairs struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Blake struck out swinging . Broussard walked . Belliard popped out to first . Broussard to second on wild pitch by Burgos . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Boone singled to left , Broussard thrown out at home , Broussard to third advancing on play . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Buck struck out swinging . German reached on infield single to shortstop . Grudzielanek singled to left , German to second . Guiel hit for Brown . Sanders popped out to second . Guiel in left field . Guiel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Shoppach struck out swinging . Sizemore grounded out to first . Wickman pitching for Indians . Michaels flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Robinson ran for Mientkiewicz . Wickman pitching for Indians . Mientkiewicz singled to center . Graffanino sacrificed to pitcher , Robinson to second . Berroa flied out to left . Stairs walked . Buck struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 5 - Indians 6 .	Tribe win third straight , hand Royals sixth straight loss