Cardinals - Top 1st . Elarton pitching for Royals . Miles singled to right . Rodriguez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Miles out at second . Pujols popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Costa hit by pitch . German grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Costa out at second . Mientkiewicz flied out to right . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to third , German out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Elarton pitching for Royals . Edmonds flied out to right . Spiezio popped out to third . Bigbie grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Stairs struck out swinging . Berroa grounded out to first . Guiel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Elarton pitching for Royals . Duncan flied out to right . Bennett flied out to center . Luna flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Bako grounded out to pitcher . Blanco fouled out to left . Costa singled to left . German walked , Costa to second . Mientkiewicz walked , Costa to third , German to second . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mientkiewicz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Elarton pitching for Royals . Miles grounded out to second . Rodriguez flied out to left . Pujols homered to right . Edmonds flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Stairs doubled to deep right . Berroa grounded out to second , Stairs to third . Guiel fouled out to catcher . Bako singled to center , Stairs scored . Blanco flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Elarton pitching for Royals . Spiezio walked . Bigbie flied out to left . Duncan homered to center , Spiezio scored . Bennett flied out to center . Luna homered to left . Miles grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Costa grounded out to second . German singled to center . Mientkiewicz lined out to center . Brown singled to right , German to third . Stairs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Elarton pitching for Royals . Rodriguez walked . Pujols grounded out to first , Rodriguez to second . Edmonds grounded out to first , Rodriguez to third . Spiezio grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Berroa flied out to right . Guiel homered to right center . Bako struck out swinging . Blanco doubled to left . Costa hit by pitch . German grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Costa out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Elarton pitching for Royals . Bigbie doubled to deep right . Sisco pitching for Royals . Taguchi hit for Duncan . Taguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bigbie scored , Taguchi to second on throwing error by pitcher Sisco . Taguchi caught stealing third , catcher to third . Bennett walked . Luna walked , Bennett to second . Wood pitching for Royals . Miles singled to right , Bennett to third , Luna to second . Rodriguez grounded out to second , Bennett scored , Luna to third , Miles to second . Pujols intentionally walked . Edmonds singled to right , Luna and Miles scored , Pujols to third , Edmonds to second advancing on throw . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Spiezio singled to right , Pujols scored , Edmonds thrown out at home . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 7th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Mientkiewicz flied out to left . Brown flied out to left . Stairs singled to center . Berroa doubled to center , Stairs scored . Guiel grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Wood pitching for Royals . Bigbie grounded out to first . Taguchi singled to center . Bennett singled to left , Taguchi to second . Luna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bennett out at second , Taguchi to third . Miles flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Bako struck out swinging . Blanco lined out to first . Gobble pitching for Royals . Costa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Encarnacion hit for Edmonds . Pujols walked . Encarnacion singled to left , Pujols to second . Spiezio walked , Pujols to third , Encarnacion to second . Bigbie struck out looking . Taguchi reached on infield single to second , Pujols scored , Encarnacion to third , Spiezio to second . Taguchi in center field . Bennett struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . German grounded out to third . Mientkiewicz grounded out to second . Brown singled to left center . Brown to second on fielder 's indifference . Stairs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 10 - Royals 3 .	Pujols homers in third straight game as Cards sweep