Royals - Top 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . DeJesus flied out to right . Graffanino struck out swinging . Grudzielanek struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Redman pitching for Royals . Suzuki singled to left . Beltre homered to left , Suzuki scored . Lopez lined out to left . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . Everett grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Sanders struck out swinging . Brown homered to center . Berroa fouled out to first . Teahen doubled to right . Buck struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Redman pitching for Royals . Johjima grounded out to pitcher . Bloomquist flied out to right . Morse grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . German batting . Graffanino doubled to deep center , German scored . Grudzielanek singled to right , Graffanino to third . Sanders hit sacrifice fly to right , Graffanino scored . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grudzielanek out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Redman pitching for Royals . Betancourt walked . Suzuki lined into double play , pitcher to first , Betancourt out at first . Beltre hit ground rule double to deep right center . Lopez walked . Sexson singled to right , Beltre scored , Lopez to third . Everett flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Berroa doubled to deep left center . Teahen sacrificed to third , Berroa to third . Buck homered to left , Berroa scored . German flied out to right . DeJesus walked . Graffanino struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Redman pitching for Royals . Johjima flied out to center . Bloomquist walked . Bloomquist caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop to first to shortstop . Morse flied out to center . Betancourt safe at first on error by first baseman Graffanino , Morse to third . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 5th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Grudzielanek grounded out to first . Sanders singled to left . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Brown walked , Sanders to second . Sanders stole third , Sanders scored , Brown safe at second on throwing error by catcher Johjima . Berroa grounded out to pitcher , Brown to third . Teahen singled to right , Brown scored . Buck grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Teahen out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Redman pitching for Royals . Beltre popped out to first . Lopez flied out to right . Sexson fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . German safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt . DeJesus singled to right , German to second . Graffanino sacrificed to pitcher , German to third , DeJesus to second . Grudzielanek intentionally walked . Sanders singled to left , German and DeJesus scored , Grudzielanek to second . Brown reached on infield single to shortstop , Grudzielanek to third , Sanders to second . Berroa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Brown out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Redman pitching for Royals . Everett struck out swinging . Johjima struck out swinging . Bloomquist batting . Morse doubled to deep right , Bloomquist scored . Dessens pitching for Royals . Betancourt flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Teahen flied out to left . Buck flied out to center . German flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Beltre flied out to left . Lopez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Teahen . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Sexson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 8th . Mientkiewicz hit for Graffanino . Soriano pitching for Mariners . DeJesus singled to center . Mientkiewicz reached on infield single to pitcher , DeJesus to second . Grudzielanek singled to center , DeJesus to third , Mientkiewicz to second . Sanders struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz at first base . Brown grounded into double play , shortstop to catcher to first , DeJesus out at home . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Everett grounded out to second . Johjima grounded out to second . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Bloomquist struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Berroa fouled out to first . Teahen flied out to center . Reed hit for Morse . Buck flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Petagine hit for Betancourt . Dessens pitching for Royals . Reed flied out to center . Petagine grounded out to third . Suzuki lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 9 - Mariners 4 .	Sanders provides pop as Royals snap Safeco skid