Rangers - Top 1st . Keppel pitching for Royals . Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop . Young singled to center . Teixeira singled to left , Young to second . Blalock flied out to right . DeRosa lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Koronka pitching for Rangers . DeJesus walked . Graffanino singled to center , DeJesus to second . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Sanders walked , DeJesus to third , Graffanino to second . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to second , DeJesus scored , Sanders out at second , Graffanino to third . German grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brown out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Keppel pitching for Royals . Wilkerson flied out to left . Mench walked . Kinsler flied out to center . Barajas lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Mientkiewicz singled to right . Berroa grounded into double play , second to first , Mientkiewicz out at second . Buck popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Keppel pitching for Royals . Matthews Jr singled to center . Young grounded out to pitcher , Matthews Jr to second . Teixeira grounded out to second , Matthews Jr to third . Blalock intentionally walked . DeRosa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Koronka pitching for Rangers . DeJesus grounded out to first . Graffanino flied out to right . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Keppel pitching for Royals . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Mench grounded out to first . Kinsler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Sanders singled to left . Brown flied out to right . German grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sanders out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Keppel pitching for Royals . Barajas singled to center . Matthews Jr flied out to left . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Barajas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Mientkiewicz singled to right . Berroa grounded out to third . Buck grounded out to shortstop . DeJesus doubled to left , Mientkiewicz scored . DeJesus stole third . Graffanino flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Keppel pitching for Royals . Teixeira singled to deep right . Blalock grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Teixeira out at second . DeRosa doubled to left . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Grudzielanek flied out to right . Sanders grounded out to shortstop . Brown lined out to left . German grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brown out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Keppel pitching for Royals . Mench fouled out to first . Kinsler grounded out to third . Barajas popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Alfonseca pitching for Rangers . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first . Berroa singled to left . Buck grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Berroa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Keppel pitching for Royals . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . Young flied out to right . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Teixeira grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . DeJesus singled to right . Graffanino struck out swinging . DeJesus caught stealing second , catcher to second . Grudzielanek flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Keppel pitching for Royals . Blalock singled to center . Burgos pitching for Royals . DeRosa singled to center , Blalock to second . Wilkerson struck out looking . Mench hit by pitch , Blalock to third , DeRosa to second . Kinsler hit sacrifice fly to center , Blalock scored , DeRosa to third . Dessens pitching for Royals . Hairston Jr ran for Mench . Barajas singled to center , DeRosa scored , Mench to third . Matthews Jr doubled to deep left , Hairston Jr and Barajas scored . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Young struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Sanders flied out to left . Stairs hit for German . Brown grounded out to first . Stairs flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Royals 2 .	Royals ' pen blows lead ; Matthews rallies Rangers to win