Devil Rays - Top 1st . Wood pitching for Royals . Lugo struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to second . Cantu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . DeJesus grounded out to second . Graffanino flied out to right . Grudzielanek walked . Sanders grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grudzielanek out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Wood pitching for Royals . Wigginton hit by pitch . Norton struck out swinging . Wigginton caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Baldelli grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Brown singled to center . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first , Brown to second . Berroa lined out to shortstop . Costa lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Wood pitching for Royals . Branyan struck out swinging . Hall grounded out to pitcher . Lee singled to left . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lee out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Buck popped out to shortstop . DeJesus grounded out to first . Graffanino singled to left . Grudzielanek flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Wood pitching for Royals . Crawford grounded out to second . Cantu singled to left . Wigginton singled to center , Cantu to third . Norton doubled to deep right center , Cantu and Wigginton scored . Baldelli struck out swinging . Branyan singled to right center , Norton scored , Branyan to second on error by right fielder Costa . Hall singled to left , Branyan scored . Lee flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 4th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Sanders walked . Brown flied out to right . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . Berroa singled to left , Sanders to third . Costa popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Wood pitching for Royals . Lugo grounded out to third . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Cantu singled to left . Wigginton lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Buck grounded out to shortstop . DeJesus doubled to deep right . Graffanino lined out to shortstop . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Norton walked . Norton to second on wild pitch by Affeldt . Baldelli walked . Branyan singled to right , Norton to third , Baldelli to second . Hall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Norton scored , Branyan out at second , Baldelli to third . Lee grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Sanders grounded out to shortstop . Brown singled to left . Mientkiewicz singled to center , Brown to second . German hit for Costa . Berroa singled to left , Brown scored , Mientkiewicz to second . German flied out to center . Brown in right field . German in left field . Buck grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Berroa out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Lugo grounded out to third . Crawford walked . Peralta pitching for Royals . Cantu singled to center , Crawford to second . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Wigginton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cantu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Teahen hit for Graffanino . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . DeJesus flied out to left . Teahen walked . Grudzielanek walked , Teahen to second . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Sanders flied out to right , Teahen to third . Brown walked , Grudzielanek to second . Mientkiewicz singled to center , Teahen and Grudzielanek scored , Brown to third . Teahen at third base . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mientkiewicz out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Norton singled to right center . Baldelli reached on infield single to shortstop , Norton to second . Branyan walked , Norton to third , Baldelli to second . Sisco pitching for Royals . Gomes hit for Lee . Hall hit sacrifice fly to left , Norton scored , Baldelli to third . Gomes popped out to first . Hollins ran for Branyan . Lugo singled to center , Baldelli scored , Hollins to third . Wigginton at first base . Hollins in right field . Perez at third base . Crawford flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . German flied out to right . Buck walked . DeJesus lined out to third . Teahen popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Sisco pitching for Royals . Cantu singled to left . Wigginton doubled to left , Cantu to third . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Norton popped out to second . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop , Cantu scored , Wigginton to third . Wigginton scored on Wellemeyer 's wild pitch . Harville pitching for Devil Rays . Hollins grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Harville pitching for Devil Rays . Grudzielanek walked . Grudzielanek to second on fielder 's indifference . Sanders homered to left center , Grudzielanek scored . Brown flied out to center . Mientkiewicz singled to right . Mientkiewicz to second on fielder 's indifference . Berroa struck out swinging . German grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 9 - Royals 5 .	Royals fall , but Sanders fifth to join 300 - 300 club