Royals - Top 1st . Buchholz pitching for Astros . DeJesus doubled to deep right center . Grudzielanek flied out to right , DeJesus to third . Mientkiewicz hit sacrifice fly to right , DeJesus scored . Brown grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Keppel pitching for Royals . Biggio flied out to center . Lamb doubled to right . Burke walked . Berkman singled to right , Lamb scored , Burke to third . Ensberg walked , Berkman to second . Ausmus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Berkman out at third , Ensberg to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Astros . Stairs grounded out to first . Teahen grounded out to shortstop . Berroa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Keppel pitching for Royals . Everett singled to center . Buchholz sacrificed to catcher , Everett to second . Biggio struck out swinging . Lamb singled to right , Everett scored . Burke flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Astros . Bako struck out swinging . Keppel struck out swinging . DeJesus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Keppel pitching for Royals . Berkman walked . Ensberg walked , Berkman to second . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Berkman out at third , Ensberg to second . Ausmus flied out to right . Everett singled to left , Ensberg scored , Wilson to second . Buchholz flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Buchholz pitching for Astros . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz flied out to left . Brown walked . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Stairs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Biggio grounded out to third . Lamb lined out to left . Burke struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Buchholz pitching for Astros . Teahen doubled to center . Berroa grounded out to shortstop , Teahen to third . Bako grounded out to second , Teahen scored . Wellemeyer grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Berkman struck out swinging . Ensberg struck out swinging . Wilson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Buchholz pitching for Astros . DeJesus struck out looking . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Ausmus singled to center . Palmeiro hit for Buchholz . Everett singled to left , Ausmus to second . Palmeiro grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Everett out at second , Ausmus to third . Qualls pitching for Astros . Biggio flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Brown reached on infield single to shortstop . Stairs doubled to deep center , Brown to third . German ran for Stairs . Teahen grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Brown out at home , Stairs to third . Berroa hit by pitch , German to third , Teahen to second . German in left field . Bako grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Berroa out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Lamb walked . Burke walked , Lamb to second . Berkman singled to right , Lamb scored , Burke to third , Berkman out stretching at second . Ensberg intentionally walked . Wilson singled to center , Burke scored , Ensberg to second . Ausmus struck out swinging . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Robinson grounded out to shortstop . DeJesus grounded out to second . Taveras hit for Wheeler . Grudzielanek grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Sisco pitching for Royals . Taveras struck out swinging . Biggio flied out to left . Peralta pitching for Royals . Lamb doubled to deep center . Burke walked . Berkman doubled to deep center , Lamb and Burke scored . Bruntlett in right field . Lamb at third base . Burke at second base . Berkman at first base . Springer pitching for Astros . Taveras in center field . Ensberg popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Springer pitching for Astros . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . Graffanino hit for Peralta . Brown struck out looking . Graffanino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 2 - Astros 7 .	Berkman 's four - RBI effort helps Astros beat Royals