Pirates - Top 1st . Redman pitching for Royals . Bautista hit by pitch . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bautista out at second . Sanchez doubled to left , Wilson to third . Bay batting . Wilson homered to center , Randa scored . Castillo walked . Paulino grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Pirates . DeJesus walked . Grudzielanek walked , DeJesus to second . Mientkiewicz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Grudzielanek out at second , DeJesus to third . DeJesus scored on Wells ' wild pitch . Sanders batting . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Redman pitching for Royals . McLouth doubled to right . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Wilson grounded out to pitcher , McLouth to third . Sanchez singled to left , McLouth scored . Bay lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Pirates . Stairs grounded out to second . Brown struck out swinging . Teahen walked . Berroa singled to right , Teahen to third . Buck doubled to deep right , Teahen and Berroa scored . DeJesus singled to left , Buck scored , DeJesus out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Redman pitching for Royals . Randa flied out to center . Wilson walked . Castillo grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Pirates . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first . Sanders grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Redman pitching for Royals . Paulino singled to left . McLouth sacrificed to pitcher , Paulino to second . Bautista walked . Paulino to third , Bautista to second on wild pitch by Redman . Wilson lined out to third . Sanchez walked . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Stairs walked . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stairs out at second . Teahen singled to center , Brown to second . Berroa batting . DeJesus walked , Teahen scored , Berroa to third , Buck to second . Grudzielanek grounded into double play , second to first , DeJesus out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Redman pitching for Royals . Randa grounded out to second . Wilson flied out to right . Castillo walked . Castillo caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Paulino batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Mientkiewicz safe at first on error by second baseman Castillo . Sanders walked , Mientkiewicz to second . Stairs batting . Capps pitching for Pirates . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Mientkiewicz out at home , Sanders to third , Stairs to second . Teahen singled to right , Sanders and Stairs scored , Brown to second , Brown to third on error by right fielder McLouth . Peralta pitching for Royals . Berroa grounded into double play , third to second to first , Teahen out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Paulino walked . McLouth grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Paulino out at second . Bautista popped out to third . DeJesus flied out to left . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Wilson popped out to shortstop . Sanchez struck out swinging . Marte pitching for Pirates . Bay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Marte pitching for Pirates . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . Sanders singled to right . Stairs flied out to left . Sanders stole second . Brown intentionally walked . Dessens pitching for Royals . Teahen struck out swinging . Wilson lined out to left . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Randa out at second . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Paulino popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Berroa singled to right . Berroa stole second , Berroa safe at third on throwing error by catcher Paulino . Buck walked . DeJesus hit by pitch , Buck to second . Grudzielanek hit sacrifice fly to center , Berroa scored . Mientkiewicz walked , Buck to third , DeJesus to second . Sanders hit sacrifice fly to right , Buck scored , DeJesus to third . Stairs walked , Mientkiewicz to second . Brown batting . Burgos pitching for Royals . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 9th . Burgos pitching for Royals . McLouth struck out swinging . Bautista flied out to center . Wilson homered to left . Sanchez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 6 - Royals 10 .	Royals rally past Bucs in matchup of majors ' worst teams