Pirates - Top 1st . Elarton pitching for Royals . Bautista doubled to deep left . Wilson sacrificed to pitcher , Bautista to third . Casey struck out looking . Bay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Maholm pitching for Pirates . German bunt grounded out to third . Grudzielanek walked . Sanders walked , Grudzielanek to second . Brown flied out to right , Grudzielanek to third . Grudzielanek scored on Cota 's passed ball . Graffanino singled to left , Sanders scored . Teahen flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Elarton pitching for Royals . Sanchez flied out to right . Wilson safe at first on error by first baseman Graffanino . Randa lined out to left . Castillo doubled to deep right center , Wilson scored . Cota singled to center , Castillo scored . Bautista struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Berroa flied out to right . Buck homered to left center . Gathright bunt grounded out to pitcher . German doubled to right . Grudzielanek flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Elarton pitching for Royals . Wilson struck out swinging . Casey walked . Bay popped out to shortstop . Sanchez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Sanders grounded out to shortstop . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Graffanino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Elarton pitching for Royals . Wilson walked . Randa fouled out to catcher . Castillo flied out to left . Cota grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Teahen grounded out to first . Berroa walked . Buck walked , Berroa to second . Gathright sacrificed to pitcher , Berroa to third , Buck to second . German singled to left , Berroa and Buck scored . Grudzielanek grounded into fielder 's choice to third , German out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Elarton pitching for Royals . Bautista fouled out to catcher . Wilson flied out to right . Casey fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Sanders walked . Brown fouled out to first . Graffanino doubled to left , Sanders scored . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Teahen singled to right , Graffanino scored . Berroa struck out swinging . Buck hit by pitch , Teahen to second . Gathright struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Elarton pitching for Royals . Bay singled to left . Sanchez singled to left , Bay to second . Wilson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to third , Sanchez out at second , Bay out at third , Wilson to first . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Randa doubled to deep center , Wilson scored . Castillo walked . Randa to third , Castillo to second on wild pitch by Wellemeyer . Cota safe at first on error by shortstop Berroa , Randa and Castillo scored . Peralta pitching for Royals . Bautista walked , Cota to second . Wilson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 6th . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . German singled to center . Grudzielanek lined out to left . Sanders singled to center , German to second . Brown singled to left , German scored , Sanders to second . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Graffanino singled to center , Sanders scored , Brown to third . Teahen struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz at first base . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Graffanino out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Casey doubled to deep right . Bay doubled to deep center , Casey scored . Bay to third on wild pitch by Peralta . Sanchez grounded out to second , Bay scored . Wilson struck out swinging . Hernandez pitching for Pirates . Randa grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Pirates . Buck singled to center . Gathright walked , Buck to second . German sacrificed to third , Buck to third , Gathright to second . Grudzielanek grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Buck out at home , Gathright to third . Sanders safe at first on error by shortstop Wilson , Gathright scored , Grudzielanek to second . Brown tripled to deep right center , Grudzielanek and Sanders scored , Brown scored on throwing error by second baseman Castillo . Gobble pitching for Royals . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Castillo walked . Cota flied out to center . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Bautista grounded into double play , third to second to first , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Teahen grounded out to second . Berroa struck out swinging . Buck hit by pitch . Gathright hit by pitch , Buck to second . German walked , Buck to third , Gathright to second . Grudzielanek singled to left , Buck and Gathright scored , German to second . Sanders struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Wilson grounded out to second . Casey grounded out to pitcher . Bay flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 7 - Royals 15 .	Royals pound Pirates to finish off three - game sweep