Brewers - Top 1st . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Koskie fouled out to catcher . Lee singled to left . Fielder singled to right center , Lee to third . Hall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Brewers . DeJesus grounded out to first . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Sanders singled to right . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanders out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Jenkins grounded out to shortstop . Miller singled to left . Gross grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Miller out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Graffanino doubled to right . Mientkiewicz bunt popped out to third . Buck popped out to second . Berroa reached on infield single to shortstop , Graffanino scored . German grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Clark walked . Weeks singled to left , Clark to second . Koskie grounded out to second , Clark to third , Weeks to second . Lee hit sacrifice fly to right , Clark scored , Weeks to third . Fielder lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Brewers . DeJesus reached on infield single to shortstop . Grudzielanek grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeJesus out at second . Sanders struck out swinging . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Hall singled to left . Jenkins struck out swinging . Miller flied out to right . Gross singled to left , Hall to third . Clark walked , Gross to second . Weeks doubled to deep center , Hall and Gross scored , Clark to third . Koskie singled to right , Clark and Weeks scored , Koskie thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Graffanino homered to left . Mientkiewicz walked . Buck walked , Mientkiewicz to second . Berroa safe at first on error by shortstop Hall , Mientkiewicz to third , Buck to second . German safe at first on error by third baseman Koskie , Mientkiewicz scored , Buck to third , Berroa to second . Barnwell at shortstop . Gonzalez pitching for Brewers . DeJesus doubled to left , Buck and Berroa scored , German to third . Grudzielanek grounded out to third , German scored . Sanders struck out swinging . Brown fouled out to first . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Lee lined out to left . Fielder grounded out to first . Barnwell walked . Jenkins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Graffanino walked . Graffanino caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . Buck flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Miller singled to center . Dessens pitching for Royals . Gross singled to center , Miller to third . Clark grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Miller out at home , Gross to second . Weeks grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Clark out at second , Gross to third . Koskie grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Berroa lined out to third . German doubled to deep left center , German out stretching at third . DeJesus singled to center . Grudzielanek popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Lee grounded out to second . Fielder flied out to center . Barnwell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Sanders flied out to center . Brown grounded out to second . DeJesus in left field . Gathright in center field . Gobble pitching for Royals . Graffanino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Jenkins flied out to center . Hart hit for Gross . Miller struck out looking . Hart reached on infield single to second . Hart stole second . Hart to third on wild pitch by Gobble . Burgos pitching for Royals . Clark walked . Hart in left field . Weeks popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . Buck grounded out to pitcher . Berroa walked . Shouse pitching for Brewers . German singled to right , Berroa to third . DeJesus flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Koskie struck out swinging . Lee singled to center . Cirillo hit for Barnwell . Fielder struck out swinging . Lee stole second . Cirillo lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 5 - Royals 6 .	Royals capitalize on Brewers ' errors in one - run win