Blue Jays - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Royals . Catalanotto grounded out to second . Hinske grounded out to first . Wells lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . DeJesus singled to center . Grudzielanek walked , DeJesus to second . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . Brown struck out swinging . Stairs struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Royals . Overbay grounded out to second . Glaus flied out to right . Hillenbrand popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Teahen lined out to second . Graffanino struck out looking . Buck struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Royals . Zaun grounded out to first . Hill singled to left center . Adams grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hill out at second . Catalanotto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Gathright singled to left . DeJesus grounded out to first , Gathright to third . Grudzielanek hit sacrifice fly to left , Gathright scored . Mientkiewicz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Hinske grounded out to first . Wells struck out swinging . Overbay grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Brown safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Hill . Brown stole second . Stairs grounded out to second , Brown to third . Teahen singled to center , Brown scored . Teahen stole second . Graffanino singled to right , Teahen scored . Buck grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Graffanino out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Glaus flied out to center . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . Zaun walked . Hill tripled to deep right , Zaun scored . Adams popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Gathright reached on infield single to shortstop . Gathright caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Grudzielanek flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Catalanotto walked . Hinske struck out swinging . Wells grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Catalanotto out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Mientkiewicz singled to left . Brown grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mientkiewicz out at second . Stairs homered to right . Teahen grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Overbay grounded out to second . Dessens pitching for Royals . Glaus walked . Hillenbrand singled to right , Glaus to second . Zaun walked , Glaus to third , Hillenbrand to second . Hill struck out swinging . Adams singled to right , Glaus and Hillenbrand scored , Zaun to second . Catalanotto flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Graffanino reached on infield single to second . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Buck homered to right , Graffanino scored . Gathright walked . DeJesus reached on infield single to second , Gathright hit by batted ball out at second . DeJesus to second on wild pitch by Schoeneweis . Grudzielanek intentionally walked . Mientkiewicz doubled to right , DeJesus and Grudzielanek scored , Mientkiewicz thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Brown grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Hinske struck out looking . Wells walked . Overbay grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wells out at second . Glaus singled to center , Overbay to second . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Hillenbrand popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Stairs reached on infield single to second . Teahen flied out to left . Graffanino safe at first on error by shortstop Hill , Stairs to second . Buck flied out to center . Gathright walked , Stairs to third , Graffanino to second . DeJesus doubled to deep left , Stairs , Graffanino and Gathright scored . Grudzielanek singled to center , DeJesus scored . Mientkiewicz tripled to deep right , Grudzielanek scored . Brown flied out to left . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Zaun struck out looking . Hill popped out to second . Adams flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 3 - Royals 13 .	Crowning achievement : Royals win fourth straight