Blue Jays - Top 1st . Gobble pitching for Royals . Johnson walked . Hill singled to right , Johnson to second . Wells flied out to left . Johnson stole third , Hill stole second . Glaus homered to left , Johnson and Hill scored . Hillenbrand popped out to third . Molina grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . DeJesus grounded out to second . Graffanino singled to center . Mientkiewicz lined into double play , second to first , Graffanino doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Gobble pitching for Royals . Overbay flied out to left . Hinske struck out swinging . McDonald doubled to left . Johnson singled to left , McDonald scored , Johnson to second advancing on throw . Hill reached on infield single to second , Johnson to third . Wells grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Brown grounded out to third . Stairs grounded out to first . Teahen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Gobble pitching for Royals . Glaus struck out looking . Hillenbrand doubled to deep left . Molina flied out to center , Hillenbrand to third . Overbay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Berroa singled to left . Gathright grounded out to first , Berroa to second . Buck grounded out to third . DeJesus popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Hinske walked . McDonald singled to right , Hinske to third . Johnson struck out swinging . Hill singled to left , Hinske scored , McDonald to second . Wells walked , McDonald to third , Hill to second . Glaus grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wells out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Graffanino reached on infield single to shortstop . Mientkiewicz singled to left center , Graffanino to third . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Graffanino scored , Mientkiewicz out at second . Stairs lined out to right . Teahen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Hillenbrand popped out to first . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Overbay grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Berroa grounded out to second . Gathright grounded out to shortstop . Buck grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Hinske homered to right center . McDonald singled to left center . McDonald stole second . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop . Hill singled to right , McDonald scored , Johnson to second . Nelson pitching for Royals . Wells struck out swinging . Glaus struck out swinging . Hillenbrand doubled to left , Johnson and Hill scored . Molina homered to center , Hillenbrand scored . Overbay grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . DeJesus struck out swinging . German hit for Graffanino . German struck out swinging . German at second base . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Hinske singled to center . McDonald grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hinske out at second . Johnson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Stairs struck out swinging . Teahen walked . Teahen to second on fielder 's indifference . Berroa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Mottola hit for Wells . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Hill lined out to right . Mottola flied out to right . Johnson in center field . Mottola in left field . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Gathright walked . Buck grounded out to third , Gathright to second . DeJesus grounded out to second , Gathright to third . German walked . Mientkiewicz singled to center , Gathright scored , German to third . Burgos pitching for Royals . Brown grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . Molina grounded out to pitcher . Overbay reached on infield single to pitcher . Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays . Hinske flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays . Stairs doubled to deep center . Stairs to third on wild pitch by Taubenheim . Teahen walked . Berroa singled to left , Stairs scored , Teahen to third . Gathright popped out to second . Buck struck out swinging . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . DeJesus walked , Berroa to second . German fouled out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 11 - Royals 3 .	Halladay first to win 12 as Jays overpower Royals