Royals - Top 1st . Rogers pitching for Tigers . DeJesus flied out to left . German grounded out to second . Sanders grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Redman pitching for Royals . Polanco grounded out to second . Thames flied out to center . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Brown grounded out to second . Graffanino singled to right . Stairs walked , Graffanino to second . Berroa singled to right , Graffanino scored , Stairs to second . Teahen homered to right , Stairs and Berroa scored . Buck struck out looking . DeJesus fouled out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Redman pitching for Royals . Ordonez grounded out to second . Guillen flied out to center . Inge flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . German grounded out to pitcher . Sanders struck out swinging . Brown lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Redman pitching for Royals . Monroe singled to left . Shelton flied out to right . Infante lined out to right . Polanco singled to right , Monroe to second . Thames tripled to deep left center , Monroe and Polanco scored . Rodriguez lined out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Graffanino doubled to deep center . Stairs struck out looking . Graffanino caught stealing third , catcher to third . Berroa homered to left . Teahen doubled to right . Buck grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Redman pitching for Royals . Ordonez grounded out to third . Guillen hit by pitch . Inge flied out to left . Monroe doubled to deep right , Guillen scored . Shelton walked . Colon pitching for Tigers . Infante lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Colon pitching for Tigers . DeJesus reached on infield single to second . German grounded out to second , DeJesus to second . Sanders singled to left , DeJesus to third . Brown singled to right , DeJesus scored , Sanders thrown out at third , Brown to second advancing on throw . Graffanino grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Redman pitching for Royals . Polanco grounded out to second . Thames walked . Rodriguez singled to center , Thames to second . Ordonez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Colon pitching for Tigers . Stairs doubled to left . Berroa grounded out to shortstop . Teahen intentionally walked . Buck grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Teahen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Guillen walked . Inge singled to left , Guillen to second . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Inge out at second , Guillen to third . Granderson hit for Infante . Shelton doubled to deep right , Guillen scored , Monroe to third . Granderson hit sacrifice fly to center , Monroe scored , Shelton to third . Polanco safe at first on error by shortstop Berroa , Shelton scored . Granderson in center field . Thames struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Colon pitching for Tigers . DeJesus grounded out to second . German singled to center . Sanders grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , German out at second . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Rodriguez lined out to right . Ordonez singled to deep left center , Ordonez to second on error by left fielder German . Burgos pitching for Royals . Guillen intentionally walked . Inge singled to center , Ordonez scored , Guillen to second . Monroe doubled to left , Guillen scored , Inge to third . Inge scored , Monroe to third on balk by Burgos . Shelton struck out swinging . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Granderson grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 8th . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Graffanino walked . Stairs flied out to left . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Graffanino out at second . Teahen walked , Berroa to second . Buck reached on infield single to shortstop , Berroa to third , Teahen to second . DeJesus doubled to deep left center , Berroa , Teahen and Buck scored . German safe at first on error by shortstop Guillen . Sanders struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Polanco flied out to left . Thames fouled out to first . Jones pitching for Tigers . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Brown singled to right . Graffanino sacrificed to first , Brown to second . Stairs intentionally walked . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Brown out at third , Stairs to second . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Teahen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Ordonez lined out to right . Guillen homered to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 9 - Tigers 10 .	Guillen 's walk - off homer fuels Tigers past Royals