Royals - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . DeJesus grounded out to second . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Royals . Youkilis singled to left , Youkilis out stretching at second . Loretta grounded out to third . Ortiz singled to right . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Brown hit by pitch . Stairs struck out swinging . Graffanino fouled out to first . Teahen singled to right , Brown to third . Gathright walked , Teahen to second . Buck walked , Brown scored , Teahen to third , Gathright to second . DeJesus singled to left , Teahen and Gathright scored , Buck to second . Grudzielanek grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeJesus out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Royals . Nixon grounded out to first . Lowell struck out swinging . Crisp hit ground rule double to deep center . Mirabelli struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . Brown singled to shallow right . Stairs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brown out at second . Graffanino walked , Stairs to second . Teahen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Royals . Gonzalez singled to left . Youkilis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . Loretta flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Gathright grounded out to second . Buck hit ground rule double to deep right . DeJesus popped out to third . Grudzielanek lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Ortiz grounded out to second . Ramirez flied out to right . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Nixon lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Mientkiewicz singled to center . Brown flied out to center . Stairs struck out swinging . Graffanino lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Crisp singled to center . Mirabelli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crisp out at second , Mirabelli to second on throwing error by second baseman Grudzielanek . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 6th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Teahen reached on infield single to second . Gathright hit by pitch , Teahen to second . Buck sacrificed to third , Teahen to third , Gathright to second . DeJesus grounded out to first , Teahen scored , Gathright to third . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Youkilis flied out to center . Loretta safe at first on error by shortstop Graffanino . Hansen pitching for Red Sox . Ortiz lined into double play , second to first , Loretta doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Hansen pitching for Red Sox . Mientkiewicz grounded out to second . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Stairs singled to center . Graffanino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Ramirez singled to left center . Nixon flied out to center . Lowell singled to left , Ramirez to second . Peralta pitching for Royals . Crisp singled to right , Ramirez scored , Lowell to second . Mirabelli homered to left center , Lowell and Crisp scored . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Youkilis struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Teahen grounded out to second . Gathright grounded out to shortstop . Buck popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Sisco pitching for Royals . Loretta singled to center . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Harris ran for Loretta . Ortiz singled to right , Loretta to third . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to left , Harris scored . Nixon struck out swinging , Ortiz stole second . Lowell walked . Cora at second base . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Crisp struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . DeJesus grounded out to first . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 4 - Red Sox 5 .	BoSox win , lose Wakefield