Angels - Top 1st . Gobble pitching for Royals . Figgins grounded out to first . Izturis walked . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Izturis to second . Guerrero flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop . Grudzielanek singled to center . Mientkiewicz walked , Grudzielanek to second . Grudzielanek to third , Mientkiewicz to second on wild pitch by Santana . Brown hit sacrifice fly to right , Grudzielanek scored , Mientkiewicz to third . Mientkiewicz scored on Napoli 's passed ball . Stairs walked . Teahen walked , Stairs to second . Stairs to third , Teahen to second on wild pitch by Santana . Berroa grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Gobble pitching for Royals . Rivera singled to right . Napoli flied out to right . Anderson struck out swinging . Quinlan safe at first on error by shortstop Berroa , Rivera to second . Kendrick flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Buck struck out looking . Gathright singled to left . Gathright caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . DeJesus walked . Grudzielanek doubled to right , DeJesus scored . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Gobble pitching for Royals . Figgins bunt grounded out to pitcher . Izturis doubled to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . Guerrero singled to center , Izturis scored . Rivera popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Brown walked . Stairs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brown out at third . Teahen popped out to third . Berroa walked , Stairs to second . Buck flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Napoli walked . Anderson struck out swinging . Quinlan lined out to left . Napoli to second on wild pitch by Gobble . Kendrick doubled to deep right center , Napoli scored . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Gathright struck out looking . DeJesus reached on infield single to second . Grudzielanek walked , DeJesus to second . Mientkiewicz singled to center , DeJesus scored , Grudzielanek to second . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mientkiewicz out at second , Grudzielanek to third . Stairs lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Izturis singled to right center . Cabrera hit by pitch , Izturis to second . Dessens pitching for Royals . Guerrero doubled to deep left , Izturis and Cabrera scored . Rivera singled to center , Guerrero to third . Napoli flied out to left . Anderson lined into double play , second to first , Rivera doubled off first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Teahen struck out looking . Gregg pitching for Angels . Berroa walked . Morales hit for Quinlan . Buck grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Berroa out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Morales lined out to left . Kendrick struck out swinging . Morales at first base . Figgins lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Gathright reached on bunt single to pitcher , Gathright to third on throwing error by pitcher Gregg . DeJesus safe at first on error by first baseman Morales , Gathright scored . Grudzielanek flied out to center . Mientkiewicz reached first base on catcher 's interference , DeJesus to second . Mientkiewicz batting . Romero pitching for Angels . Brown struck out looking . Stairs grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 3 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Izturis flied out to center . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Teahen doubled to right . Teahen to third on wild pitch by Carrasco . Berroa singled to left , Teahen scored . Buck sacrificed to third , Berroa to second , Buck safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Carrasco . Berroa to third on throwing error by pitcher Carrasco . Gathright hit sacrifice fly to left , Berroa scored , Buck to second . DeJesus singled to center , Buck scored . Burgos pitching for Royals . Grudzielanek grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeJesus out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 8th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Rivera grounded out to second . Napoli struck out looking . Anderson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Mientkiewicz doubled to right . Brown flied out to right . Stairs grounded out to second , Mientkiewicz to third . Teahen reached on infield single to second , Mientkiewicz scored . Berroa grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Morales grounded out to first . Kendrick walked . Kendrick to second on fielder 's indifference . Figgins grounded out to second , Kendrick to third . Izturis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 4 - Royals 9 .	Angels have devil of a time on D to let Royals walk