Twins - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Castillo walked . Punto sacrificed to pitcher , Castillo to second . Mauer walked . Cuddyer flied out to left . Morneau singled to right center , Castillo scored , Mauer to third . Hunter doubled to left , Mauer scored , Morneau to third . Rabe popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Radke pitching for Twins . DeJesus reached on infield single to second . Grudzielanek bunt popped out to catcher . Teahen grounded into fielder 's choice to first , DeJesus out at second . Sanders grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Tyner singled to center . Bartlett flied out to left , Tyner to second . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop , Tyner to third . Tyner scored , Castillo to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Punto walked . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Mauer walked , Castillo to third , Punto to second . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castillo out at home , Punto to third , Mauer to second . Morneau singled to center , Punto and Mauer scored , Cuddyer to second , Cuddyer scored , Morneau to second on error by shortstop Blanco . Hunter grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Radke pitching for Twins . Costa grounded out to first . Shealy struck out looking . Buck struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Rabe safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Blanco . Tyner grounded out to second , Rabe to third . Rabe scored on Buck 's passed ball . Bartlett walked . Castillo grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Bartlett out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Radke pitching for Twins . Blanco grounded out to first . Gathright bunt grounded out to pitcher . DeJesus lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Punto grounded out to pitcher . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . Cuddyer walked . Morneau flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Radke pitching for Twins . Grudzielanek singled to left . Teahen walked , Grudzielanek to second . Sanders flied out to center , Grudzielanek to third . Costa hit sacrifice fly to left , Grudzielanek scored . Shealy flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Hunter flied out to center . Rabe singled to center . Tyner fouled out to third . Bartlett grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rabe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Radke pitching for Twins . Buck struck out looking . Blanco struck out swinging . Gathright lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Castillo struck out swinging . Punto flied out to left . Mauer walked . Cuddyer singled to right , Mauer to second . Morneau grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cuddyer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Radke pitching for Twins . DeJesus grounded out to second . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Nunez pitching for Royals . Teahen popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals . Hunter struck out swinging . Rabe homered to left . Tyner struck out swinging . Bartlett singled to center . Castillo singled to left , Bartlett to second . Punto grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Radke pitching for Twins . Sanders struck out swinging . Costa flied out to left . Shealy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals . Mauer singled to right . Cuddyer hit by pitch , Mauer to second . Morneau grounded out to second , Mauer to third , Cuddyer to second . Hunter hit by pitch . Rabe grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hunter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Radke pitching for Twins . Buck grounded out to shortstop . Blanco flied out to left . Gathright doubled to deep left . DeJesus singled to left center , Gathright scored . Grudzielanek popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals . Tyner flied out to left . Bartlett walked . Nathan pitching for Twins . Castillo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bartlett out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Teahen grounded out to first . Sanders grounded out to shortstop . Costa flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 8 - Royals 2 .	Twins ride ailing Radke to victory over Royals