Indians - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Sizemore grounded out to second . Michaels flied out to right . Hafner homered to center . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Byrd pitching for Indians . DeJesus singled to center . DeJesus to second on wild pitch by Byrd . Grudzielanek safe at first on error by first baseman Garko , DeJesus to third . Teahen singled to left , DeJesus scored , Grudzielanek to second . Sweeney homered to left , Grudzielanek and Teahen scored . Brown singled to center . Shealy struck out swinging . Bako flied out to left . Blanco singled to center , Brown to third . Gathright tripled to deep right , Brown and Blanco scored . DeJesus singled to center , Gathright scored . Davis pitching for Indians . Grudzielanek homered to left , DeJesus scored . Teahen reached on infield single to third . Sweeney singled to center , Teahen to second . Brown doubled to deep left , Teahen scored , Sweeney to third . Shealy lined out to left . 10 Runs , 11 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Garko grounded out to third . Peralta struck out swinging . Luna grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Indians . Bako grounded out to second . Blanco grounded out to second . Gathright grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Gutierrez grounded out to second . Boone homered to left . Sizemore homered to right . Michaels grounded out to second . Hafner hit by pitch . Martinez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Indians . DeJesus flied out to left . Grudzielanek lined out to second . Teahen reached on infield single to second . Teahen to second on wild pitch by Davis . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Garko lined out to third . Peralta doubled to deep right center . Luna singled to left , Peralta scored . Gutierrez singled to left , Luna to second . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Boone walked , Luna to third , Gutierrez to second . Sizemore singled to right center , Luna scored , Gutierrez to third , Boone to second . Michaels hit sacrifice fly to center , Gutierrez scored . Hafner struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Indians . Brown singled to center . Shealy flied out to right . Bako popped out to shortstop . Blanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Garko struck out swinging . Peralta walked . Carmona pitching for Indians . Luna doubled to deep right , Peralta scored , Luna thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Gathright grounded out to shortstop . DeJesus grounded out to third . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Gutierrez doubled to left . Gobble pitching for Royals . Boone walked . Sizemore struck out swinging . Michaels doubled to deep center , Gutierrez and Boone scored . Hafner flied out to left . Martinez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Teahen singled to right . Sweeney doubled to deep right , Teahen scored . Brown grounded out to pitcher . Shealy doubled to deep left , Sweeney scored . Bako walked . Shealy to third , Bako to second on balk by Carmona . Blanco struck out swinging . Gathright reached on infield single to second , Shealy scored , Bako to third . Cabrera pitching for Indians . DeJesus walked , Gathright to second . Peralta pitching for Royals . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Garko struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Luna struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Teahen walked . Sweeney singled to center , Teahen to second . Brown struck out swinging . Shealy struck out swinging , Teahen stole third . Bako walked , Sweeney to second . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Boone fouled out to catcher . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Sizemore grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Gathright bunt popped out foul to first . DeJesus lined out to left . Nelson pitching for Royals . Grudzielanek flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Nelson pitching for Royals . Michaels struck out swinging . Hafner walked . Martinez doubled to deep left center , Hafner scored . Garko doubled to deep left , Martinez scored . Peralta struck out swinging . Burgos pitching for Royals . Choo hit for Gutierrez . Luna doubled to right center , Garko scored . Choo tripled to right , Luna scored . Choo in right field . Boone grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Teahen struck out swinging . Sweeney struck out looking . Sisco pitching for Royals . Brown fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 10th . Sisco pitching for Royals . Sizemore hit by pitch . Michaels sacrificed to pitcher , Sizemore to second . Hafner intentionally walked . Martinez struck out swinging . Garko singled to center , Sizemore scored , Hafner to second . Peralta walked , Hafner to third , Garko to second . Luna singled to right , Hafner scored , Garko to third , Peralta to second . Mastny pitching for Indians . Choo struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 10th . German hit for Bako . Mastny pitching for Indians . Shealy singled to center . Sanders hit for Blanco . German grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Shealy out at second . Sanders struck out swinging . Gathright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 15 - Royals 13 .	Royal disappointment : Tribe overcome KC 's 10 - run first