White Sox - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Podsednik bunt popped out to first . Iguchi struck out swinging . Dye walked . Thome flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . DeJesus struck out looking . Grudzielanek doubled to right . Teahen struck out swinging . Grudzielanek to third on wild pitch by Contreras . Sweeney hit by pitch . Brown flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Konerko grounded out to third . Pierzynski popped out to third . Crede reached on infield single to shortstop . Mackowiak grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crede out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Shealy singled to center . Bako fouled out to third . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Shealy out at second . Blanco caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Gathright batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Cintron flied out to left . Podsednik grounded out to second . Iguchi grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Gathright grounded out to second . DeJesus doubled to deep center . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Teahen singled to right , DeJesus scored . Sweeney flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Dye singled to left . Thome grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Dye out at second . Konerko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Brown walked . Shealy singled to center , Brown to third , Shealy to second advancing on throw . Bako safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron , Brown scored . Blanco sacrificed to third , Shealy to third , Bako to second , Blanco safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Crede . Shealy scored , Bako to third on throwing error by third basem . Gathright struck out swinging . DeJesus doubled to deep center , Bako and Blanco scored . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Teahen homered to right , DeJesus scored . Sweeney popped out to catcher . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 3 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Crede homered to left . Mackowiak grounded out to first . Cintron singled to right . Podsednik fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Brown walked . Shealy struck out swinging . Bako struck out swinging . Blanco lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Iguchi singled to center . Dye grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iguchi out at second . Thome flied out to left . Konerko walked , Dye to second . Logan pitching for White Sox . Pierzynski popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Logan pitching for White Sox . Gathright lined out to pitcher . DeJesus struck out swinging . Gobble pitching for Royals . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Anderson hit for Mackowiak . Gobble pitching for Royals . Crede flied out to right . Anderson fouled out to first . Anderson in center field . Haeger pitching for White Sox . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Haeger pitching for White Sox . Teahen flied out to left . Sweeney grounded out to first . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Podsednik singled to left . Iguchi walked , Podsednik to second . Dye reached on infield single to third , Podsednik to third , Iguchi to second . Burgos pitching for Royals . Thome struck out swinging . Konerko hit by pitch , Podsednik scored , Iguchi to third , Dye to second . Pierzynski singled to left , Iguchi scored , Dye to third , Konerko to second . Gload hit for Anderson . Crede flied out to left . Peralta pitching for Royals . Gload singled to left , Dye scored , Konerko to third , Pierzynski to second . Sweeney in center field . Cintron flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Haeger pitching for White Sox . Shealy struck out swinging . Bako grounded out to shortstop . Nelson pitching for Royals . Blanco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Nelson pitching for Royals . Podsednik grounded out to third . Iguchi walked . Dye doubled to deep left , Iguchi to third . Ozuna ran for Thome . Thome walked . Konerko hit sacrifice fly to left , Iguchi scored . Pierzynski walked , Dye to third , Ozuna to second . Crede flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Royals 7 .	Hernandez outduels Contreras ; Royals hold off ChiSox