White Sox - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Royals . Ozuna grounded out to pitcher . Iguchi singled to left . Dye struck out swinging . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . DeJesus grounded out to second . Grudzielanek singled to left . Teahen singled to center , Grudzielanek to third . Sweeney singled to left , Grudzielanek scored , Teahen to third . Brown grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Sweeney out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Royals . Crede lined out to second . Gload singled to right . Anderson flied out to right . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gload out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Shealy grounded out to shortstop . German struck out swinging . Buck grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Royals . Alomar Jr singled to left . Ozuna reached on bunt single to catcher , Alomar Jr to second . Iguchi sacrificed to pitcher , Alomar Jr to third , Ozuna to second . Dye struck out swinging . Konerko walked . Crede singled to left , Alomar Jr and Ozuna scored , Konerko to second . Gload popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Berroa flied out to center . DeJesus singled to center . Grudzielanek singled to right , DeJesus to third . Teahen struck out looking . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Grudzielanek out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Royals . Anderson grounded out to third . Uribe flied out to center . Alomar Jr popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Brown singled to right . Shealy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Brown out at second . German grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Royals . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Iguchi flied out to center . Dye struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Buck walked . Berroa sacrificed to third , Buck to second . DeJesus fouled out to catcher . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Royals . Konerko struck out swinging . Crede struck out swinging . Gload grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Teahen singled to center . Sweeney doubled to deep center , Teahen to third . Brown grounded out to third , Teahen scored , Sweeney to third . Shealy doubled to deep left , Sweeney scored . German grounded out to second , Shealy to third . DeJesus in left field . Gathright in center field . Buck struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Royals . Anderson doubled to left . Uribe sacrificed to pitcher , Anderson to third . Alomar Jr hit sacrifice fly to right , Anderson scored . Ozuna doubled to deep right center . Iguchi doubled to center , Ozuna scored . Mackowiak in left field . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Dye struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Berroa lined out to second . DeJesus flied out to center . Grudzielanek flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Perez pitching for Royals . Konerko doubled to deep right center . Crede doubled to deep center , Konerko to third . Dohmann pitching for Royals . Gload singled to center , Konerko scored , Crede to third . Anderson struck out swinging , Gload stole second . Uribe lined into double play , to shortstop , Gload doubled off second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Teahen grounded out to third . Sweeney singled to center . Brown singled to right center , Sweeney to second . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Keppinger hit for Gathright . Shealy struck out swinging . DeJesus in center field . Keppinger in left field . Braun pitching for Royals . Keppinger grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Braun pitching for Royals . Alomar Jr grounded out to third . Mackowiak reached on infield single to shortstop . Iguchi flied out to center . Mackowiak caught stealing second , catcher to second . Bako hit for Buck . Dye batting . Jenks pitching for White Sox . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Bako struck out swinging . Berroa struck out swinging . DeJesus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Royals 3 .	Buehrle back on track as White Sox hold off Royals\t