Mariners - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Royals . Suzuki grounded out to first . Beltre grounded out to third . Johjima popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Cruceta pitching for Mariners . DeJesus popped out to first . German singled to left . Grudzielanek singled to left , German to third . Brown walked , Grudzielanek to second . Shealy homered to left center , German , Grudzielanek and Brown scored . Costa doubled to deep right . Costa to third on wild pitch by Cruceta . Buck walked . Gathright hit sacrifice fly to left , Costa scored , Buck to second . Blanco grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Royals . Ibanez singled to left . Sexson struck out looking . Woods pitching for Mariners . Broussard grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ibanez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Woods pitching for Mariners . DeJesus doubled to right . German doubled to deep right , DeJesus scored . Grudzielanek lined out to center . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Shealy intentionally walked . Costa flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Royals . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Snelling walked . Lopez walked , Snelling to second . Suzuki grounded out to first , Snelling to third , Lopez to second . Beltre singled to shallow center , Snelling and Lopez scored . Johjima struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Woods pitching for Mariners . Buck walked . Gathright grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Buck out at second . Blanco flied out to right . DeJesus flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Ibanez flied out to center . Sexson walked . Broussard flied out to right . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sexson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Woods pitching for Mariners . German popped out to second . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Brown grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Snelling walked . Lopez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Snelling out at second . Suzuki singled to left . Beltre doubled to deep left center , Suzuki scored . Johjima doubled to deep center , Beltre scored . Ibanez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Shealy flied out to left . Costa flied out to center . Buck doubled to deep left . Bako catching . Gathright grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Sisco pitching for Royals . Sexson singled to left . Sexson to second on wild pitch by Sisco . Broussard reached on infield single to shortstop , Sexson to third . Betancourt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sexson scored , Broussard out at second . Snelling struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Blanco reached on bunt single to third . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Blanco out at second . DeJesus to second on wild pitch by Woods . German singled to left , DeJesus scored . Grudzielanek fouled out to catcher . Brown walked , German to second . Braun pitching for Royals . Shealy grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Braun pitching for Royals . Lopez reached on infield single to third , Lopez out stretching at second . Suzuki doubled to deep right . Beltre homered to left , Suzuki scored . Johjima flied out to center . Ibanez walked . Burgos pitching for Royals . Sexson doubled to deep center , Ibanez scored . Broussard struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Costa grounded out to second . Bako lined out to left . Gathright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Snelling grounded out to pitcher . Lopez doubled to left . Suzuki intentionally walked . Beltre walked , Lopez to third , Suzuki to second . Gobble pitching for Royals . Johjima safe at first on error by shortstop Blanco , Lopez scored , Suzuki to third , Beltre to second . Bohn in right field . Huber pitching for Mariners . Ibanez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Huber pitching for Mariners . Blanco grounded out to first . DeJesus fouled out to first . German flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Perez hit for Broussard . Gobble pitching for Royals . Sexson reached on infield single to second . Dohmann pitching for Royals . Perez struck out swinging . Betancourt flied out to right . Bohn homered to left , Sexson scored . Putz pitching for Mariners . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . Brown singled to left . Brown to second on fielder 's indifference . Shealy lined out to right . Costa singled to left , Brown scored . Costa to second on fielder 's indifference . Bako flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 11 - Royals 8 .	Beltre drives in 5 and Mariners rally from 6 - run deficit