Tigers - Top 1st . Redman pitching for Royals . Granderson homered to center . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . Thames walked . Ordonez singled to left , Thames to second . Guillen doubled to deep left center , Thames scored , Ordonez to third . Rodriguez walked . Inge singled to right , Ordonez scored , Guillen to third , Rodriguez to second . Shelton singled to left , Guillen scored , Rodriguez to third , Inge to second . Polanco doubled to deep right , Rodriguez and Inge scored , Shelton to third . Dohmann pitching for Royals . Granderson tripled to right , Shelton and Polanco scored . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . Thames singled to left , Granderson scored . Ordonez walked , Thames to second . Guillen reached on infield single to second , Thames to third , Ordonez to second . Rodriguez walked , Thames scored , Ordonez to third , Guillen to second . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . 10 Runs , 9 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Tigers . DeJesus grounded out to second . German popped out to second . Sweeney walked . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sweeney out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Dohmann pitching for Royals . Shelton reached on infield single to shortstop . Polanco grounded into double play , third to second to first , Shelton out at second . Granderson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Shealy struck out swinging . Buck struck out swinging . Berroa singled to center . Keppinger grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Dohmann pitching for Royals . Monroe popped out to shortstop . Thames flied out to center . Ordonez singled to center . Ordonez to second on wild pitch by Dohmann . Guillen walked . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guillen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Gathright reached on infield single to third . DeJesus flied out to left . German grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gathright out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Dohmann pitching for Royals . Inge walked . Shelton doubled to deep left center , Inge scored . Diaz pitching for Royals . Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop , Shelton to third . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Shelton scored , Polanco out at second . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson out at second . Thames hit by pitch , Monroe to second . Ordonez walked , Monroe to third , Thames to second . Monroe scored , Thames to third , Ordonez to second on wild pitch by Diaz . Santiago ran for Guillen . Guillen singled to center , Thames and Ordonez scored . Santiago at shortstop . Phillips hit for Sweeney . Rodriguez flied out to right . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Phillips fouled out to first . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Maier in left field . Sanchez at shortstop . Shealy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Diaz pitching for Royals . Inge singled to center . Shelton struck out looking . Polanco singled to center , Inge to second . Gomez hit for Monroe . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Polanco out at second , Inge to third . Gomez in left field . Clevlen in right field . Gomez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Buck grounded out to third . Sanchez grounded out to third . Stairs hit for Thames . Keppinger grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Diaz pitching for Royals . Stairs grounded out to shortstop . Clevlen grounded out to shortstop . Wilson catching . Hooper at second base . Santiago grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Gathright grounded out to shortstop . Maier struck out looking . German grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Diaz pitching for Royals . Wilson flied out to right . Inge flied out to center . Shelton walked . Gobble pitching for Royals . Hooper walked , Shelton to second . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Phillips singled to center . Brown grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Phillips out at second . Shealy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Rabelo hit for Stairs . Gobble pitching for Royals . Gomez doubled to deep right center . Rabelo struck out swinging . Clevlen grounded out to third . Santiago fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Buck homered to center . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop . Gathright reached on infield single to second . Peralta pitching for Royals . Maier grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Wilson fouled out to right . Inge grounded out to third . Shelton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . German flied out to center . Phillips lined out to shortstop . Brown doubled to deep right center . Shealy singled to center , Brown scored . Buck homered to left , Shealy scored . Sanchez struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 15 - Royals 4 .	Granderson keys 10 - run 1st ; Tigers ' magic number at 1