Royals - Top 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Gathright popped out to shortstop . German flied out to center . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Perez pitching for Royals . Polanco grounded out to third . Monroe struck out swinging . Casey grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Brown singled to left . Maier grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Brown out at second . Phillips struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Perez pitching for Royals . Ordonez singled to center . Guillen singled to center , Ordonez to second . Rodriguez singled to center , Ordonez scored , Guillen to second . Inge flied out to center , Guillen to third . Granderson hit by pitch , Rodriguez to second . Infante grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Granderson out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Berroa grounded out to shortstop . Keppinger reached on infield single to third . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher , Keppinger to second . Gathright struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Perez pitching for Royals . Polanco grounded out to third . Monroe doubled to left . Casey grounded out to second , Monroe to third . Ordonez doubled to deep left , Monroe scored . Guillen singled to left , Ordonez scored , Guillen to second advancing on throw . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third , Guillen scored . Inge homered to left , Rodriguez scored . Granderson grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . German walked . DeJesus doubled to deep right , German to third . Brown doubled to deep left , German and DeJesus scored . Maier grounded out to second , Brown to third . Phillips hit sacrifice fly to center , Brown scored . Wood pitching for Royals . Kansas City 's Perez ejected by Schrieber in the 4th . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Wood pitching for Royals . Infante flied out to left . Polanco reached on infield single to second . Polanco to second on wild pitch by Wood . Monroe grounded out to second , Polanco to third . Casey lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez singled to left . Gathright singled to left , Sanchez to second . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . German hit ground rule double to left , Sanchez scored , Gathright to third . DeJesus popped out to third . Brown popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Wood pitching for Royals . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Guillen singled to right . Rodriguez tripled to deep center , Guillen scored . Inge struck out swinging . Granderson flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Maier popped out to shortstop . Phillips flied out to center . Braun pitching for Royals . Berroa flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Braun pitching for Royals . Infante struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Monroe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Keppinger walked . Sanchez singled to right , Keppinger to second . Gathright struck out swinging . Rodney pitching for Tigers . German popped out to second . DeJesus grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Braun pitching for Royals . Casey lined out to first . Ordonez walked . Guillen lined out to left . Rodriguez walked , Ordonez to second . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Brown hit by pitch . Maier walked , Brown to second . Phillips singled to center , Brown to third , Maier to second . Berroa struck out swinging . Jones pitching for Tigers . Keppinger singled to center , Brown and Maier scored , Phillips to second . Sanchez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Inge , Phillips scored , Keppinger to second . Gathright fouled out to third . German walked , Keppinger to third , Sanchez to second . DeJesus reached on infield single to second , Keppinger scored , Sanchez to third , German to second . Dohmann pitching for Royals . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to third , DeJesus out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Stairs hit for Infante . Dohmann pitching for Royals . Granderson grounded out to second . Stairs homered to right . Polanco hit by pitch . Sisco pitching for Royals . Monroe popped out to shortstop . Peralta pitching for Royals . Casey singled to right center , Polanco to third . Ordonez popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Maier struck out swinging . Phillips grounded out to third . Berroa singled to center . Nelson pitching for Royals . Keppinger popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Nelson pitching for Royals . Guillen struck out swinging . Rodriguez walked . Inge flied out to right . Granderson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 10th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Sanchez bunt grounded out to first . Gathright grounded out to second . German grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 10th . Nelson pitching for Royals . Stairs struck out swinging . Polanco flied out to left . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Monroe lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 11th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . DeJesus grounded out to third . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Maier walked . Phillips grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 11th . Nelson pitching for Royals . Casey struck out swinging . Clevlen ran for Ordonez . Ordonez singled to center . Guillen singled to right , Clevlen to third , Guillen to second on throwing error by right fielder Maier . Rodriguez intentionally walked . Gobble pitching for Royals . Inge struck out swinging . Clevlen in right field . Granderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 12th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Berroa reached on infield single to shortstop . Keppinger bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Berroa out at second . Sanchez singled to right , Keppinger to second . Gathright walked , Keppinger to third , Sanchez to second . German singled to right , Keppinger scored , Sanchez to third , Gathright to second . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sanchez out at home , Gathright to third , German to second . Brown walked , Gathright scored , German to third , DeJesus to second . Perez hit for Stairs . Maier grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 12th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Perez grounded out to second . Polanco struck out looking . Monroe walked . Casey grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 10 - Tigers 8 .	Tigers blow six - run lead , lose AL Central title in extras