Pirates - Top 1st . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Marte doubled to left . Martin singled to left , Marte to third . McCutchen singled to center , Marte scored , Martin to second . Jones grounded out to first , Martin to third , McCutchen to second . Sanchez walked . Alvarez popped out to second . Inge struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Aoki flied out to center . Segura walked . Braun grounded out to shortstop , Segura to second . Lucroy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Barmes grounded out to third . McDonald struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Weeks walked . Gomez walked , Weeks to second . Betancourt popped out to second . Maldonado doubled to left , Weeks and Gomez scored . Estrada singled to right , Maldonado scored on error by right fielder Jones . Aoki lined out to center . Segura walked , Estrada to second . Braun struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 3rd . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Martin struck out swinging . McCutchen singled to left . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McCutchen out at second . Sanchez homered to right ( 384 feet ) , Jones scored . Alvarez grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Weeks doubled to deep left . Gomez doubled to left , Weeks scored . Betancourt flied out to center , Gomez to third . Maldonado intentionally walked . Estrada struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Inge flied out to right . Barmes struck out swinging . McDonald struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Aoki grounded out to second . Segura hit by pitch . Braun singled to left , Segura to third . Lucroy doubled to left , Segura scored , Braun to third . Weeks singled to center , Braun and Lucroy scored . Weeks caught stealing second , catcher to second . Gomez singled to left . Betancourt flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Martin homered to center ( 431 feet ) . McCutchen homered to right center ( 431 feet ) . Jones struck out swinging . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Maldonado struck out swinging . Lalli hit for Estrada . Lalli flied out to center . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Alvarez struck out swinging . Inge singled to left . Barmes singled to left , Inge to second . Tabata hit for McDonald . Tabata grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barmes out at second , Inge to third . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Marte homered to center ( 410 feet ) , Inge and Tabata scored . Martin lined out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Segura homered to right center ( 388 feet ) . Braun singled to center . Lucroy reached on infield single to shortstop , Braun to second . Morris pitching for Pirates . Weeks grounded into double play , second to first , Lucroy out at second , Braun to third . Gomez lined out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . McCutchen singled to left . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Jones singled to center , McCutchen to second . Sanchez struck out swinging . Alvarez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Morris pitching for Pirates . Betancourt homered to right ( 387 feet ) . Maldonado grounded out to shortstop . Davis hit for Gorzelanny . Davis struck out swinging . Aoki reached on infield single to third . Aoki caught stealing second , catcher to second . Segura batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Axford pitching for Brewers . Inge grounded out to third . Barmes singled to center . Snider hit for Morris . Snider struck out swinging . Marte singled to center , Barmes to second . Martin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Segura popped out to shortstop . Braun reached on infield single to shortstop . Lucroy walked , Braun to second . Weeks homered to right ( 390 feet ) , Braun and Lucroy scored . Gomez hit by pitch . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Gomez stole second . Gomez stole third . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gomez out at home . Maldonado walked , Betancourt to second . Schafer hit for Axford . Schafer flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Henderson pitching for Brewers . McCutchen lined out to center . Jones struck out swinging . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 8 - Brewers 12 .	Weeks HR slams Brewers past Pirates again