Cardinals - Top 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Carpenter lined out to center . Beltran grounded out to first . Holliday grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Aoki singled to center . Segura homered to center ( 392 feet ) , Aoki scored . Braun struck out swinging . Betancourt singled to left . Weeks struck out looking . Gomez singled to right , Betancourt to second . Maldonado reached on infield single to first , Betancourt to third , Gomez to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Maldonado out at second . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Craig singled to left center . Molina fouled out to first . Freese reached on infield single to shortstop , Craig to second . Jay homered to center ( 421 feet ) , Craig and Freese scored . Kozma grounded out to pitcher . Wainwright struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Gallardo flied out to right . Aoki hit by pitch . Segura grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Aoki out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Carpenter lined out to center . Beltran grounded out to pitcher . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Braun grounded out to first . Betancourt flied out to center . Weeks lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Craig struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to third . Freese singled to left . Jay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Gomez flied out to center . Maldonado flied out to right . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Kozma grounded out to first . Wainwright flied out to center . Carpenter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Gallardo struck out looking . Aoki singled to center . Segura singled to center , Aoki to second . Braun struck out swinging . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Beltran grounded out to first . Holliday flied out to center . Craig homered to right ( 394 feet ) . Molina doubled to deep left . Freese grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Weeks flied out to right . Gomez homered to left ( 408 feet ) . Maldonado singled to left . Gonzalez doubled to deep left , Maldonado to third . Lucroy hit for Gallardo . Lucroy singled to center , Maldonado and Gonzalez scored . Aoki hit by pitch , Lucroy to second . Carpenter at third base . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at second base . Segura grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Aoki out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Jay walked . Kozma singled to right , Jay thrown out at third . Descalso homered to right ( 362 feet ) , Kozma scored . Carpenter grounded out to first . Beltran lined out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Braun singled to left . Betancourt grounded into double play , third to second to first , Braun out at second . Weeks walked . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Gomez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Holliday struck out swinging . Craig struck out looking . Molina struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Maldonado grounded out to third . Gonzalez singled to left . Schafer hit for Badenhop . Bianchi ran for Gonzalez . Schafer singled to center , Bianchi to third . Choate pitching for Cardinals . Aoki sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bianchi scored , Schafer to second . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Robinson in left field . Segura grounded into double play , third to first , Schafer out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Betancourt at first base . Bianchi at third base . Henderson pitching for Brewers . Robinson singled to center , Robinson to second on error by center fielder Gomez . Robinson stole third . Jay singled to center , Robinson scored . Kozma grounded out to shortstop , Jay to second . Descalso walked . Carpenter struck out swinging . Beltran struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Braun grounded out to pitcher . Betancourt grounded out to third . Weeks lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Brewers 6 .	Jay drives in go - ahead run , leads Cardinals