Brewers - Top 1st . Latos pitching for Reds . Aoki struck out swinging . Segura homered to right ( 370 feet ) . Braun walked . Ramirez doubled to left center , Braun scored . Lucroy flied out to left . Gomez grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Burgos pitching for Brewers . Choo struck out swinging . Cozart flied out to left . Votto singled to right . Phillips struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Latos pitching for Reds . Weeks flied out to right . Betancourt struck out swinging . Burgos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Burgos pitching for Brewers . Bruce homered to center ( 427 feet ) . Frazier reached on bunt single to third . Paul safe at second on error by left fielder Braun , Frazier to third . Mesoraco walked . Latos singled to left , Frazier scored , Paul to third , Mesoraco to second . Choo walked , Paul scored , Mesoraco to third , Latos to second . Cozart hit sacrifice fly to left , Mesoraco scored , Latos to third , Choo to second . Votto grounded out to second , Latos scored , Choo to third . Phillips flied out to right . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 3rd . Latos pitching for Reds . Aoki safe at first on error by first baseman Votto . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Aoki out at second . Braun doubled to deep left , Segura scored . Ramirez singled to left , Braun scored . Lucroy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at second . Gomez doubled to deep left , Lucroy to third . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Burgos pitching for Brewers . Bruce doubled to deep right . Frazier doubled to left , Bruce scored . Paul walked . Mesoraco doubled to deep center , Frazier scored , Paul to third . Latos singled to center , Paul scored , Mesoraco to third . Choo doubled to deep right , Mesoraco scored , Latos to third . Cozart hit sacrifice fly to center , Latos scored , Choo to third . Votto singled to right , Choo scored . Phillips flied out to right . Bruce doubled to deep center , Votto scored . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Latos pitching for Reds . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Burgos struck out looking . Aoki lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Paul singled to center . Mesoraco struck out swinging . Latos struck out swinging . Choo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Latos pitching for Reds . Segura singled to center . Braun flied out to right . Ramirez walked , Segura to second . Gonzalez ran for Ramirez . Lucroy walked , Segura to third , Gonzalez to second . Gomez singled to center , Segura and Gonzalez scored , Lucroy to third . Weeks grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gomez out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez at first base . Betancourt at third base . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Cozart lined out to center . Votto struck out swinging . Phillips struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Latos pitching for Reds . Betancourt lined out to shortstop . Maldonado hit for Badenhop . Maldonado fouled out to first . Aoki homered to right ( 392 feet ) . Segura reached on infield single to first . Segura stole second . Braun grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Brewers . Bruce struck out swinging . Frazier walked . Frazier stole second . Paul singled to right , Frazier to third , Paul to second advancing on throw . Mesoraco singled to left , Frazier scored , Paul to third . Robinson hit for Latos . Robinson walked , Mesoraco to second . Choo flied out to left . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Cozart fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Ondrusek pitching for Reds . Robinson in left field . Gonzalez singled to right . Lucroy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . Gomez struck out swinging . Weeks walked , Lucroy to second . Betancourt flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Votto grounded out to shortstop . Phillips struck out swinging , Phillips safe at first on passed ball by Lucroy . Bruce grounded out to pitcher , Phillips to second . Frazier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Schafer hit for Kintzler . Ondrusek pitching for Reds . Schafer flied out to right . Aoki grounded out to second . Segura doubled to deep right . Braun lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Henderson pitching for Brewers . Schafer in left field . Hannahan hit for Ondrusek . Hannahan struck out swinging . Mesoraco struck out swinging . Robinson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Hoover pitching for Reds . Hannahan at third base . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Lucroy struck out swinging . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 7 - Reds 13 .	Bruce homers , doubles twice in Reds ' win