Brewers - Top 1st . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Aoki singled to right . Segura flied out to right . Gomez singled to center , Aoki to second . Ramirez hit by pitch , Aoki to third , Gomez to second . Lucroy tripled to deep right , Aoki , Gomez and Ramirez scored . Schafer popped out to shortstop . Francisco struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Figaro pitching for Brewers . Pierre bunt grounded out to third . Lucas singled to center . Stanton lined out to center . Ozuna popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Gennett flied out to left . Figaro struck out swinging . Aoki struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Figaro pitching for Brewers . Dietrich struck out swinging . Dobbs grounded out to first . Hechavarria grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Segura homered to left center ( 400 feet ) . Gomez singled to center . Ramirez singled to left , Gomez to second . Ramirez caught stealing second , catcher to second , Gomez to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Lucroy struck out swinging . Schafer struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Figaro pitching for Brewers . Brantly grounded out to second . Slowey struck out swinging . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Francisco grounded out to pitcher . Gennett singled to left . Figaro reached on bunt single to third , Gennett to second , Gennett to third , Figaro to second on throwing error by third baseman Lucas . Aoki hit sacrifice fly to left , Gennett scored . Segura flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Figaro pitching for Brewers . Lucas struck out looking . Stanton grounded out to third . Ozuna grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Gomez tripled to right . Ramirez struck out swinging . Lucroy hit sacrifice fly to center , Gomez scored . Schafer lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Figaro pitching for Brewers . Dietrich flied out to center . Dobbs grounded out to second . Hechavarria flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Olmos pitching for Marlins . Francisco lined out to left . Gennett lined out to right . Figaro reached on infield single to first . Aoki singled to center , Figaro to second . Segura walked , Figaro to third , Aoki to second . Gomez tripled to deep right , Figaro , Aoki and Segura scored , Gomez scored on throwing error by second baseman Dietrich . Ramirez grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Bianchi at third base . Figaro pitching for Brewers . Brantly grounded out to catcher . Olivo hit for Olmos . Olivo struck out swinging . Pierre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Schafer struck out swinging . Francisco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Figaro pitching for Brewers . Lucas singled to center . Stanton singled to left , Lucas to second . Ozuna grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Stanton out at second , Lucas to third . Dietrich fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Gennett grounded out to third . Weeks hit for Figaro . Weeks walked . Aoki grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Weeks out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Dobbs flied out to left . Hechavarria lined out to shortstop . Brantly grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Segura flied out to right . Gomez grounded out to second . Bianchi lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Betancourt at shortstop . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Ruggiano hit for Ramos . Ruggiano singled to center . Pierre singled to left center , Ruggiano to second . Lucas grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pierre out at second , Ruggiano to third . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ruggiano scored , Lucas out at second . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stanton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 10 - Marlins 1 .	Gomez , Lucroy lead Brewers to rout of Marlins