Brewers - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Aoki bunt grounded out to second . Segura grounded out to first . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Span flied out to center . Werth struck out swinging . Harper homered to left ( 385 feet ) . Zimmerman walked . LaRoche lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Lucroy singled to center . Weeks flied out to center . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Rendon lined out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Halton struck out swinging . Gallardo grounded out to third . Aoki singled to left . Segura grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Zimmermann doubled to left . Zimmermann to third on wild pitch by Gallardo . Span walked . Werth doubled to deep center , Zimmermann and Span scored , Werth to third advancing on throw . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman singled to left , Werth scored . Zimmerman stole second . LaRoche hit ground rule double to deep left , Zimmerman scored . Desmond doubled to deep right center , LaRoche scored . Rendon flied out to center . Suzuki grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Gomez flied out to center . Ramirez singled to right center . Lucroy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramirez out at second . Weeks grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lucroy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Zimmermann singled to center . Span doubled to deep right , Zimmermann to third . Werth singled to left , Zimmermann and Span scored . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Harper flied out to left . Zimmerman struck out looking . LaRoche grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Francisco singled to center . Halton singled to center , Francisco to second . Badenhop struck out looking . Aoki singled to right , Francisco scored , Halton to third . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Halton scored , Aoki out at second . Gomez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Desmond struck out swinging . Rendon singled to right . Suzuki flied out to right . Zimmermann reached on infield single to third , Rendon to second . Span fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Ramirez flied out to left . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Weeks homered to left ( 421 feet ) . Francisco homered to right ( 428 feet ) . Halton doubled to deep right . Schafer hit for Badenhop . Schafer grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Werth struck out looking . Harper walked . Zimmerman grounded into double play , third to second to first , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Aoki grounded out to third . Segura singled to center . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Segura out at second . Ramirez doubled to left , Gomez scored . Storen pitching for Nationals . Lucroy popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . LaRoche grounded out to second . Desmond struck out looking . Rendon lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Weeks struck out swinging . Francisco lined out to shortstop . Halton lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Hellweg pitching for Brewers . Bianchi in left field . Suzuki lined out to pitcher . Tracy hit for Clippard . Tracy doubled to deep right . Bernadina ran for Tracy . Bernadina to third on wild pitch by Hellweg . Span walked . Werth safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Segura , Bernadina scored , Span to second . Harper grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Werth out at second , Span to third . Zimmerman reached on infield single to third , Span scored , Harper to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 9th . Abad pitching for Nationals . Bernadina in left field . Bianchi walked . Aoki grounded out to second , Bianchi to second . Segura grounded out to second , Bianchi to third . Gomez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 5 - Nationals 10 .	Harper powers Nats in return