Marlins - Top 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Hechavarria flied out to center . Lucas grounded out to second . Stanton walked . Morrison struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Aoki reached on infield single to third . Segura singled to right , Aoki to second . Braun doubled to deep center , Aoki and Segura scored . Lucroy singled to right , Braun to third . Gomez struck out swinging . Francisco popped out to shortstop . Weeks walked , Lucroy to second . Bianchi struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Ozuna grounded out to third . Dietrich singled to right center . Ruggiano struck out swinging . Mathis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dietrich out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Gallardo grounded out to third . Aoki flied out to right . Segura grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Eovaldi struck out looking . Hechavarria singled to right . Lucas grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hechavarria out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Braun struck out swinging . Lucroy homered to right ( 350 feet ) . Gomez walked . Francisco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gomez out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Stanton flied out to center . Morrison grounded out to third . Ozuna grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Weeks homered to center ( 421 feet ) . Bianchi doubled to deep left . Gallardo sacrificed to pitcher , Bianchi to third . Aoki singled to center , Bianchi scored . Segura singled to left , Aoki to second . Braun struck out swinging . Lucroy hit ground rule double to deep center , Aoki scored , Segura to third . Gomez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Dietrich struck out looking . Ruggiano struck out looking . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Pierre in left field . Francisco struck out looking . Weeks fouled out to first . Bianchi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop . Hechavarria grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pierre out at second . Lucas singled to center , Hechavarria to second . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hechavarria to third , Lucas safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Francisco . Morrison grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Gallardo struck out swinging . Aoki struck out swinging . Segura flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Ozuna walked . Dietrich singled to center , Ozuna to second . Solano hit for Slowey . Solano flied out to right , Ozuna to third . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Mathis popped out to shortstop . Pierre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Qualls pitching for Marlins . Braun grounded out to pitcher . Lucroy singled to center . Gomez struck out swinging . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Hechavarria grounded out to third . Lucas grounded out to shortstop . Stanton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Bianchi singled to left . Betancourt hit for Kintzler . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bianchi out at second . Aoki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Hand pitching for Brewers . Morrison walked . Ozuna flied out to left . Gonzalez pitching for Brewers . Dietrich struck out swinging . Polanco hit for Dunn . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Morrison to second on fielder 's indifference . Polanco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 0 - Brewers 6 .	Brewers shut down Marlins behind Gallardo