Padres - Top 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Cabrera singled to center . Cabrera stole second . Headley singled to center , Cabrera to third . Quentin hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored . Alonso flied out to center . Venable doubled to deep right , Headley to third . Amarista grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Volquez pitching for Padres . Weeks grounded out to second . Aoki walked . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aoki out at second . Lucroy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Denorfia lined out to right . Rivera fouled out to first . Volquez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Volquez pitching for Padres . Gomez singled to left . Francisco struck out swinging . Betancourt singled to shallow right center , Gomez to second . Gindl grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Betancourt out at second , Gomez to third . Gallardo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Cabrera singled to center . Headley struck out looking . Quentin homered to left ( 409 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Alonso doubled to deep center . Venable struck out swinging . Amarista singled to left , Alonso scored . Denorfia struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Volquez pitching for Padres . Weeks walked . Aoki lined out to center . Segura flied out to center . Lucroy singled to left , Weeks to second . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Rivera walked . Volquez sacrificed to catcher , Rivera to second . Cabrera walked . Headley struck out swinging . Quentin walked , Rivera to third , Cabrera to second . Alonso singled to right center , Rivera and Cabrera scored , Quentin to third . Figaro pitching for Brewers . Venable fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Volquez pitching for Padres . Francisco grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt homered to left ( 385 feet ) . Gindl grounded out to second . Figaro struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Figaro pitching for Brewers . Amarista singled to center . Denorfia singled to left , Amarista to second . Rivera struck out swinging . Volquez bunt popped out foul to first . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Volquez pitching for Padres . Weeks struck out swinging . Aoki flied out to left . Segura lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Figaro pitching for Brewers . Headley grounded out to first . Quentin grounded out to second . Alonso struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Volquez pitching for Padres . Lucroy flied out to center . Gomez homered to left ( 362 feet ) . Francisco walked . Betancourt singled to center , Francisco to second . Thayer pitching for Padres . Gindl walked , Francisco to third , Betancourt to second . Schafer hit for Figaro . Schafer singled to center , Francisco scored , Betancourt to third , Gindl to second . Weeks grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Betancourt out at home . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Brewers . Venable doubled to deep right . Amarista reached on bunt single to third , Venable scored on throwing error by third baseman Betancourt . Amarista to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez . Amarista to third on wild pitch by Gonzalez . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . Rivera singled to left , Amarista scored . Guzman hit for Thayer . Guzman homered to left ( 380 feet ) , Rivera scored . Cabrera struck out swinging . Headley lined out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Vincent pitching for Padres . Aoki homered to right ( 369 feet ) . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Lucroy singled to center . Gomez singled to center , Lucroy to second . Francisco singled to center , Lucroy scored , Gomez to third . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Betancourt reached on infield single to pitcher , Gomez scored , Francisco to second . Gindl doubled to deep left , Francisco and Betancourt scored . Davis hit for Gonzalez . Davis walked . Gindl stole third , Davis stole second . Weeks struck out swinging . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Aoki lined out to center . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Quentin singled to right . Alonso grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Quentin out at second . Venable grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Segura grounded out to first . Lucroy lined out to pitcher . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Amarista grounded out to first . Denorfia grounded out to third . Rivera singled to left . Kotsay hit for Stauffer . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Street pitching for Padres . Francisco struck out looking . Betancourt struck out swinging . Gindl walked . Maldonado hit for Kintzler . Maldonado popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 10 - Brewers 8 .	Padres collect 16 hits , roll past Brewers