Brewers - Top 1st . Locke pitching for Pirates . Aoki reached on infield single to shortstop . Segura reached on bunt single to pitcher , Aoki to second . Lucroy walked , Aoki to third , Segura to second . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Aoki scored , Lucroy out at second , Segura to third . Gomez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Tabata flied out to right . Walker singled to shallow right . McCutchen flied out to center , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Davis struck out looking . Betancourt grounded out to second . Gennett grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Alvarez singled to right . Martin grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Alvarez out at second . Sanchez singled to left center . Lambo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Lohse struck out swinging . Aoki reached on infield single to shortstop . Segura lined into double play , third to first , Aoki doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Mercer flied out to center . Locke grounded out to pitcher . Tabata grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Lucroy struck out swinging . Ramirez homered to left center ( 432 feet ) . Gomez reached on infield single to second . Davis fouled out to first . Betancourt grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Walker flied out to center . McCutchen lined out to left . Alvarez singled to right center . Martin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Gennett singled to left center . Lohse sacrificed to first , Gennett to second . Aoki walked . Segura struck out looking . Lucroy singled to left , Gennett scored , Aoki to second . Ramirez doubled to deep left , Aoki and Lucroy scored . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Gomez walked . Davis flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Lambo singled to right center . Mercer struck out swinging . Pie hit for Mazzaro . Pie doubled to deep right center , Lambo scored . Tabata reached on infield single to second , Pie to third . Walker homered to right ( 411 feet ) , Pie and Tabata scored . McCutchen singled to right . Alvarez hit ground rule double to deep left center , McCutchen to third . Martin lined out to left . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Gomez pitching for Pirates . Pie in left field . Betancourt grounded out to third . Gennett struck out swinging . Lohse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Sanchez lined out to left . Lambo singled to right . Mercer singled to right , Lambo to second . Pie singled to right , Lambo scored , Mercer to third . Jones hit for Gomez . Wooten pitching for Brewers . Jones flied out to center . Walker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Aoki walked . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Aoki out at second . Lucroy reached on infield single to second , Segura tagged out at third . Lucroy stole second . Ramirez singled to center , Lucroy scored . Gomez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Wooten pitching for Brewers . McCutchen lined out to third . Alvarez homered to right ( 387 feet ) . Martin walked . Sanchez flied out to right . Lambo grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Morris pitching for Pirates . Davis lined out to third . Betancourt doubled to left . Gennett reached on bunt single to third , Betancourt to third . Gindl hit for Wooten . Gindl hit sacrifice fly to right , Betancourt scored . Aoki walked , Gennett to second . Segura lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Mercer grounded out to third . Pie struck out swinging . Harrison hit for Morris . Harrison grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Lucroy singled to center . Ramirez singled to left , Lucroy to second . Gomez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to third , Ramirez out at second , Lucroy out at third , Gomez to first . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gomez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Schafer in left field . Henderson pitching for Brewers . Walker lined out to second . McCutchen doubled to shortstop . Alvarez walked . Martin flied out to center . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 7 - Pirates 6 .	Ramirez hits 350th homer as Brewers edge Bucs