Brewers - Top 1st . Morton pitching for Pirates . Aoki singled to left . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aoki out at second . Segura caught stealing second , catcher to second . Lucroy walked . Ramirez hit by pitch , Lucroy to second . Gomez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Harrison singled to center . Mercer walked , Harrison to second . McCutchen singled to left center , Harrison scored , Mercer to second . Byrd lined into double play , pitcher to first , McCutchen out at first . Alvarez flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Gindl grounded out to shortstop . Gennett grounded out to shortstop . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Sanchez flied out to right . Martin flied out to center . Tabata grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Gorzelanny grounded out to second . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . Segura grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Morton struck out swinging . Harrison flied out to center . Mercer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Lucroy lined out to center . Ramirez flied out to center . Gomez reached on infield single to third . Gomez stole second . Gindl popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . McCutchen singled to left center . Byrd struck out swinging . McCutchen stole second . Alvarez grounded out to second , McCutchen to third . Sanchez singled to right , McCutchen scored . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanchez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Gennett lined out to second . Francisco singled to right . Gorzelanny sacrificed to first , Francisco to second . Aoki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Tabata tripled to deep right . Morton lined out to pitcher . Harrison singled to center , Tabata scored . Mercer doubled to deep right center , Harrison scored . McCutchen popped out to second . Byrd struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Lucroy struck out looking . Ramirez reached on infield single to third . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Alvarez struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to center . Martin singled to left , Sanchez to second . Thornburg pitching for Brewers . Tabata flied out to center , Sanchez to third . Morton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Gindl lined out to center . Gennett singled to center . Francisco walked , Gennett to second . Betancourt hit for Thornburg . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Francisco out at second , Gennett to third . Aoki walked . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Segura lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Harrison reached on infield single to pitcher , Harrison to second on throwing error by pitcher Badenhop . Mercer reached on bunt single to third , Harrison to third . McCutchen struck out swinging . Byrd homered to center ( 415 feet ) , Harrison and Mercer scored . Gonzalez pitching for Brewers . Alvarez grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez singled to center . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sanchez out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 8th . Barmes at shortstop . Mercer at second base . Pie in left field . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Lucroy safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Barmes . Ramirez struck out swinging . Gomez singled to left , Lucroy to second . Gindl singled to left , Lucroy to third , Gomez to second . Gennett flied out to center . Francisco fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Axford pitching for Brewers . Maldonado catching . Pie struck out swinging . Lambo hit for Mazzaro . Lambo struck out swinging . Barmes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Maldonado struck out swinging . Aoki grounded out to second . Segura fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 1 - Pirates 7 .	Byrd hits 3 - run HR in his debut for Pirates