Brewers - Top 1st . Cole pitching for Pirates . Gennett singled to center . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gennett out at second . Lucroy singled to right , Segura scored . Ramirez grounded into double play , second to first , Lucroy out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Tabata grounded out to shortstop . Walker flied out to center . McCutchen tripled to center . Alvarez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Cole pitching for Pirates . Gomez singled to center . Gomez stole second . Davis doubled to deep right , Gomez scored . Gindl struck out swinging . Francisco grounded out to second , Davis to third . Gallardo grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Byrd singled to right . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Byrd out at second . Buck singled to left , Sanchez to second . Mercer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Buck out at second , Sanchez to third . Cole struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Cole pitching for Pirates . Gennett grounded out to first . Segura reached on bunt single to third . Lucroy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Segura out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Tabata lined out to left . Walker singled to center . McCutchen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Ramirez homered to right center ( 402 feet ) . Gomez singled to shallow right center . Davis flied out to center . Gindl walked , Gomez to second . Francisco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gindl out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Alvarez struck out swinging . Byrd grounded out to third . Sanchez walked . Buck singled to center , Sanchez to second . Mercer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Gallardo struck out swinging . Gennett singled to shallow center . Segura grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gennett out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Cole struck out swinging . Tabata struck out looking . Walker popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Lucroy popped out to second . Ramirez struck out swinging . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . McCutchen lined out to third . Alvarez grounded out to shortstop . Byrd flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Davis grounded out to third . Gindl flied out to left . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Sanchez flied out to center . Buck singled to shallow left . Mercer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Buck out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Aoki hit for Gallardo . Cole pitching for Pirates . Aoki grounded out to third . Gennett singled to center . Segura singled to right center , Gennett to third , Segura to second on throwing error by right fielder Byrd . Morris pitching for Pirates . Lucroy hit sacrifice fly to center , Gennett scored . Ramirez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Betancourt at first base . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Pie hit for Morris . Pie flied out to center . Tabata grounded out to first . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Pie in left field . Gomez grounded out to first . Davis flied out to right . Gindl grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Schafer in left field . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . McCutchen walked . Alvarez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , McCutchen out at second . Byrd lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 4 - Pirates 0 .	Gallardo , Ramirez lead Brewers past Pirates