Cardinals - Top 1st . Hellweg pitching for Brewers . Carpenter walked . Beltran grounded out to shortstop , Carpenter to second . Holliday singled to right , Carpenter scored , Holliday thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Adams singled to deep left center . Molina lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Aoki singled to center . Gennett lined out to center . Lucroy singled to right , Aoki to second . Ramirez homered to left center ( 393 feet ) , Aoki and Lucroy scored . Gomez flied out to right . Gindl flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Hellweg pitching for Brewers . Jay singled to left , Jay out stretching at second . Freese struck out swinging . Descalso walked . Miller grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Halton grounded out to first . Bianchi flied out to center . Hellweg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Hellweg pitching for Brewers . Carpenter singled to left center . Beltran grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Carpenter out at second . Holliday singled to deep right . Adams grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Aoki singled to center . Gennett flied out to center . Lucroy flied out to right . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Hellweg pitching for Brewers . Molina singled to right . Molina to second on wild pitch by Hellweg . Jay walked . Freese grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jay out at second , Molina to third . Descalso lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Gomez lined out to left . Gindl struck out swinging . Halton reached on infield single to second . Bianchi singled to center , Halton to second . Hellweg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Hellweg pitching for Brewers . Miller hit by pitch . Carpenter fouled out to left . Beltran walked , Miller to second . Holliday singled to deep right , Miller scored , Beltran to third . Adams walked , Holliday to second . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Adams out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Aoki walked . Gennett singled to left , Aoki to second . Lucroy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gennett out at second , Aoki to third . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to right , Aoki scored . Gomez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Wooten pitching for Brewers . Jay struck out swinging . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Descalso fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Gindl walked . Halton sacrificed to pitcher , Gindl to second . Bianchi grounded out to third . Francisco hit for Wooten . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Brewers . Robinson hit for Miller . Robinson flied out to left . Carpenter doubled to deep center . Beltran doubled to deep left , Carpenter scored . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Holliday struck out swinging . Adams singled to right , Beltran scored . Molina singled to left , Adams to second . Jay lined out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Freeman pitching for Cardinals . Aoki reached on infield single to shortstop . Gennett sacrificed to third , Aoki to second . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez singled to right , Aoki thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Freese singled to right . Kozma ran for Freese . Descalso sacrificed to catcher , Kozma to second . Chambers hit for Maness . Chambers singled to left , Kozma to third . Henderson pitching for Brewers . Betancourt at second base . Carpenter struck out swinging . Beltran struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Kozma at shortstop . Descalso at third base . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Gomez struck out swinging . Gindl flied out to left . Halton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Henderson pitching for Brewers . Holliday walked . Adams homered to right center ( 413 feet ) , Holliday scored . Hand pitching for Brewers . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Jay grounded out to third . Kozma singled to right . Descalso struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Bianchi doubled to deep left . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Aoki singled to left , Bianchi to third . Schafer hit for Hand . Schafer singled to right , Bianchi scored , Aoki to second . Lucroy walked , Aoki to third , Schafer to second . Axford pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez reached on infield single to third , Aoki scored , Schafer to third , Lucroy to second . Gomez grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Schafer out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 10th . Blazek pitching for Brewers . Wong hit for Axford . Wong walked . Carpenter doubled to right center , Wong to third . Beltran hit sacrifice fly to right , Wong scored , Carpenter to third . Holliday popped out to second . Adams popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 10th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Gindl grounded out to shortstop . Halton struck out swinging . Bianchi grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Brewers 6 .	Cardinals win in 10 to stay atop NL Central