White Sox - Top 1st . Kazmir pitching for Rays . Lillibridge walked . Fields walked , Lillibridge to second . Quentin walked , Lillibridge to third , Fields to second . Dye grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lillibridge scored , Quentin out at second , Fields to third . Konerko doubled to deep left , Fields scored . Betemit struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Upton grounded out to second . Crawford struck out looking . Longoria singled to left center . Pena walked , Longoria to second . Burrell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Rays . Ramirez flied out to center . Anderson walked . Miller safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria , Anderson to second . Lillibridge grounded out to first , Anderson to third , Miller to second . Fields struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Navarro flied out to right . Bartlett singled to right . Kapler flied out to right . Iwamura walked , Bartlett to second . Upton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Rays . Quentin grounded out to second . Dye struck out swinging . Konerko singled to left . Betemit struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Crawford flied out to left . Longoria flied out to center . Pena grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Kazmir pitching for Rays . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . Anderson walked . Miller doubled to deep center , Anderson scored . Lillibridge lined out to right . Fields struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Burrell walked . Navarro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Burrell out at second . Bartlett singled to center . Kapler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Kazmir pitching for Rays . Quentin homered to left . Dye walked . Konerko homered to left , Dye scored . Howell pitching for Rays . Howell pitching for Rays . Howell pitching for Rays . Howell pitching for Rays . Betemit struck out swinging . Howell pitching for Rays . Howell pitching for Rays . Howell pitching for Rays . Howell pitching for Rays . Betemit struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to third . Anderson grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Iwamura grounded out to second . Upton singled to left . Crawford singled to left , Upton to second . Longoria reached on infield single to third , Upton to third , Crawford to second . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Upton scored , Longoria out at second , Crawford to third . Burrell singled to center , Crawford scored , Pena thrown out at third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Balfour pitching for Rays . Miller walked . Lillibridge walked , Miller to second . Fields bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Miller out at third , Lillibridge to second . Quentin reached on infield single to shortstop , Lillibridge to third , Fields to second . Dye hit sacrifice fly to second , Lillibridge scored , Fields to third , Quentin to second on throwing error by second baseman Iwamura . Konerko lined out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Navarro struck out swinging . Bartlett struck out swinging . Kapler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Nelson pitching for Rays . Betemit struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to right . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Iwamura grounded out to shortstop . Upton struck out looking . Crawford singled to center . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Crawford stole second . Longoria walked . Pena singled to right , Crawford scored , Longoria to third . Burrell flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Nelson pitching for Rays . Miller walked . Lillibridge walked , Miller to second . Shouse pitching for Rays . Fields grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lillibridge out at second , Miller to third . Quentin reached on infield single to shortstop , Miller scored . Dye grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Quentin out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Navarro popped out to second . Bartlett singled to left . Kapler flied out to left . Bartlett to second on fielder 's indifference . Iwamura grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Shouse pitching for Rays . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Betemit doubled to deep center . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop , Betemit to third . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 9th . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Upton flied out to right . Crawford reached on infield single to first . Crawford to second on fielder 's indifference . Crawford to third on fielder 's indifference . Longoria struck out swinging . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 8 - Rays 3 .	Konerko 's homer , 3 RBIs help ChiSox sink Rays