Rays - Top 1st . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Upton grounded out to second . Crawford grounded out to third . Longoria flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . Giambi grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Burrell walked . Aybar singled to left , Burrell to second . Zobrist grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Aybar out at second , Burrell to third . Navarro sacrificed to first , Burrell scored , Zobrist to second . Kapler flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Holliday walked . Cust singled to right , Holliday to third . Garciaparra singled to left , Holliday scored , Cust to second . Suzuki doubled to deep left , Cust and Garciaparra scored . Buck grounded out to second , Suzuki to third . Ellis singled to center , Suzuki scored . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ellis out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Bartlett singled to center . Upton struck out looking . Crawford singled to right , Bartlett to third . Longoria grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Cabrera singled to right . Giambi flied out to left . Cabrera to second on passed ball by Navarro . Holliday flied out to center , Cabrera to third . Cust walked . Garciaparra struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Burrell struck out swinging . Aybar grounded out to second . Zobrist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Buck singled to right . Ellis struck out swinging . Buck caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Navarro grounded out to pitcher . Kapler walked . Bartlett flied out to left . Upton lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Sweeney doubled to deep right . Cabrera singled to deep center , Sweeney scored . Giambi singled to right , Cabrera to third . Holliday singled to center , Cabrera scored , Giambi to second . Cormier pitching for Rays . Cust grounded out to shortstop , Giambi to third , Holliday to second . Garciaparra intentionally walked . Suzuki walked , Giambi scored , Holliday to third , Garciaparra to second . Buck popped out to shortstop . Ellis grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Crawford singled to center . Longoria walked , Crawford to second . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Burrell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Longoria out at second , Crawford to third . Aybar fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Cormier pitching for Rays . Sweeney popped out to second . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Giambi grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Hannahan at third base . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Zobrist grounded out to third . Navarro flied out to right . Kapler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Cormier pitching for Rays . Holliday grounded out to second . Cust flied out to right . Hannahan popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Bartlett grounded out to pitcher . Upton lined out to shortstop . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Wheeler pitching for Rays . Suzuki walked . Buck popped out to third . Ellis lined out to shortstop . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Springer pitching for Athletics . Longoria flied out to left . Burrell struck out swinging . Aybar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 1 - Athletics 7 .	Suzuki 's three RBIs lead way as A 's rout Rays