Rays - Top 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Bartlett singled to left . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bartlett out at second . Longoria singled to right , Crawford to second . Zobrist singled to left , Crawford scored , Longoria to third , Zobrist to second advancing on throw . Pena hit sacrifice fly to right , Longoria scored , Zobrist to third . Burrell singled to left center , Zobrist scored . Zaun singled to left , Burrell to third . Gross struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Niemann pitching for Rays . Scutaro flied out to left . Hill safe at first on error by shortstop Bartlett . Lind grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hill out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Upton struck out looking . Bartlett singled to center . Crawford grounded out to second , Bartlett to second . Longoria popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Niemann pitching for Rays . Overbay singled to right . Wells walked , Overbay to second . Ruiz reached on infield single to third , Overbay to third , Wells to second . Barajas homered to center , Overbay , Wells and Ruiz scored . Snider walked . Bautista singled to right , Snider to third , Bautista to second advancing on throw . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Snider scored , Bautista out at third . Hill singled to left , Scutaro to second . Scutaro stole third . Lind walked , Hill to second . Overbay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lind out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Zobrist flied out to right . Pena struck out looking . Burrell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Aybar at second base . Zobrist in left field . Niemann pitching for Rays . Wells flied out to center . Ruiz singled to right . Barajas reached on infield single to shortstop , Ruiz to second . Snider grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ruiz scored on error by shortstop Bartlett , Barajas safe at second on error by shortstop Bartlett . Bautista struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Snider out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Zaun struck out swinging . Gross doubled to left . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop , Gross to third . Bartlett singled to right , Gross scored , Upton to third , Upton scored , Bartlett to third on throwing error by right fielder Snider . Aybar grounded out to pitcher , Bartlett scored . Longoria struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Niemann pitching for Rays . Hill flied out to right . Lind grounded out to shortstop . Overbay lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Zobrist walked . Pena homered to right , Zobrist scored . Burrell singled to left . Zaun struck out looking . Gross grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Burrell out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Niemann pitching for Rays . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Ruiz flied out to center . Barajas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Upton doubled to deep center . Upton to third on passed ball by Barajas . Bartlett struck out swinging . Aybar grounded out to second . Longoria flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Niemann pitching for Rays . Snider struck out looking . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Scutaro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . League pitching for Blue Jays . Zobrist homered to left center . Pena walked . Burrell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pena out at second . Zaun flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Niemann pitching for Rays . Hill flied out to right . Lind reached on infield single to second . Choate pitching for Rays . Overbay grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lind out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . League pitching for Blue Jays . Gross struck out swinging . Upton grounded out to third . Bartlett popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Wheeler pitching for Rays . Wells struck out swinging . Ruiz homered to left . Barajas struck out swinging . Snider grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar flied out to center . Longoria walked . Zobrist doubled to center , Longoria to third . Pena intentionally walked . Burrell grounded out to third , Longoria scored , Zobrist to third , Pena to second . Zaun singled to shallow left , Zobrist and Pena scored , Zaun to second advancing on throw . Gross grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Springer pitching for Rays . Kapler in left field . Zobrist at second base . Bautista flied out to center . Scutaro grounded out to second . Hill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 12 - Blue Jays 7 .	Rays hand Halladay worst outing in 2 years