Rays - Top 1st . Berken pitching for Orioles . Bartlett singled to right . Crawford grounded out to first , Bartlett to second . Longoria singled to left , Bartlett to third . Zobrist doubled to deep right , Bartlett scored , Longoria to third . Burrell homered to right , Longoria and Zobrist scored . Aybar flied out to center . Upton struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Niemann pitching for Rays . Pie struck out swinging . Fiorentino struck out swinging . Roberts singled to right . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Navarro lined out to center . Brignac flied out to right . Bartlett grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Niemann pitching for Rays . Mora grounded out to second . Scott doubled to deep right . Wieters struck out looking . Aubrey struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Crawford safe at first on error by pitcher Berken . Longoria grounded into double play , third to second to first , Crawford out at second . Zobrist tripled to deep right . Burrell singled to center , Zobrist scored . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Burrell out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Niemann pitching for Rays . Izturis grounded out to second . Pie reached on infield single to second . Fiorentino singled to right , Pie to second . Roberts doubled to deep right , Pie scored , Fiorentino to third . Markakis grounded out to third , Fiorentino scored . Mora lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Upton flied out to left . Navarro lined out to third . Brignac grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Niemann pitching for Rays . Scott grounded out to shortstop . Wieters doubled to deep center . Aubrey singled to right , Wieters to third . Izturis singled to center , Wieters scored , Aubrey to second . Pie struck out swinging . Fiorentino grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Bartlett flied out to right . Crawford struck out swinging . Longoria flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Niemann pitching for Rays . Roberts walked . Markakis singled to right , Roberts to second . Mora singled to right , Roberts to third , Markakis to second . Scott grounded out to first , Roberts scored , Markakis to third , Mora to second . Wieters singled to center , Markakis and Mora scored . Cormier pitching for Rays . Aubrey flied out to center . Izturis singled to center , Wieters to second . Pie grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Zobrist singled to left . Burrell popped out to shortstop . Aybar grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Zobrist out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Cormier pitching for Rays . Fiorentino walked . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fiorentino out at second . Roberts to second on balk by Cormier . Markakis grounded out to third . Mora grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Navarro walked . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Kapler hit for Brignac . Kapler flied out to left . Ray pitching for Orioles . Bartlett grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Navarro out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Zobrist at second base . Kapler in right field . Shouse pitching for Rays . Scott homered to right . Wieters walked . Aubrey grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Wieters out at second . Springer pitching for Rays . Izturis singled to left , Aubrey to second . Choate pitching for Rays . Pie struck out swinging . Fiorentino struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Baez pitching for Orioles . Crawford grounded out to first . Longoria hit by pitch . Zobrist popped out to second . Burrell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Longoria out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Choate pitching for Rays . Roberts singled to right . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Roberts out at second . Bradford pitching for Rays . Mora grounded out to pitcher , Markakis to second . Scott walked . Andino ran for Scott . Wieters homered to right , Markakis and Andino scored . Aubrey flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Aybar singled to center . Upton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Aybar out at second . Navarro walked . Gross hit for Kapler . Gross grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 5 - Orioles 10 .	Rays back to losing as Wieters ' five RBIs lift O 's