Mariners - Top 1st . Minor pitching for Rangers . Gordon doubled to center . Segura singled to left center , Gordon to third . Canó grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gordon scored , Segura out at second . Cruz lined out to center . Seager struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Choo fouled out to right . Profar struck out swinging . Mazara grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Minor pitching for Rangers . Haniger doubled to left . Haniger caught stealing third , pitcher to third . Zunino struck out looking . Vogelbach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Beltré grounded out to third . Gallo struck out swinging . Guzman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Minor pitching for Rangers . Heredia hit by pitch . Gordon sacrificed to first , Heredia to second , Gordon safe at first on error by pitcher Minor . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Heredia out at third , Gordon to second . Canó grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Segura out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Chirinos flied out to left . Robinson struck out looking . Kiner - Falefa singled to center . Choo singled to left center , Kiner - Falefa to second . Profar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Minor pitching for Rangers . Cruz doubled to deep left . Seager struck out looking . Haniger walked . Zunino struck out swinging . Vogelbach grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Mazara walked . Beltré grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mazara out at second . Gallo walked . Guzman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Minor pitching for Rangers . Heredia flied out to left . Gordon grounded out to first . Segura flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Chirinos struck out swinging . Robinson grounded out to first . Kiner - Falefa lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Minor pitching for Rangers . Canó struck out swinging . Cruz doubled to deep right center . Seager reached on infield single to third . Jepsen pitching for Rangers . Haniger flied out to right . Zunino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Choo doubled to left center . Profar grounded out to second , Choo to third . Mazara singled to left , Choo scored . Beltré hit by pitch , Mazara to second . Rzepczynski pitching for Mariners . Gallo singled to right , Mazara to third , Beltré to second . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mazara scored , Gallo out at second , Beltré to third . Vincent pitching for Mariners . Chirinos struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Vogelbach grounded out to third . Heredia reached on infield single to shortstop . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Heredia out at second . Segura singled to right center , Gordon to third . Segura stole second . Canó flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Vincent pitching for Mariners . Robinson struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa struck out looking . Choo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Cruz flied out to right . Seager grounded out to shortstop . Haniger homered to center ( 427 feet ) . Zunino struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Nicasio pitching for Mariners . Profar singled to center . Mazara grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Profar out at second . Rua ran for Mazara . Beltré grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rua out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Rua in right field . Kela pitching for Rangers . Vogelbach singled to deep right . Romine ran for Vogelbach . Heredia sacrificed to first , Romine to second . Gordon singled to left , Romine to third . Gordon stole second . Segura doubled to right , Romine and Gordon scored . Diekman pitching for Rangers . Segura stole third . Canó struck out swinging . Cruz intentionally walked . Gamel ran for Cruz . Seager singled to right , Segura scored , Gamel to third . Haniger singled to center , Gamel scored , Seager to second . Zunino grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Romine at first base . Díaz pitching for Mariners . Gallo struck out swinging . Guzman walked . Chirinos hit by pitch , Guzman to second . Robinson struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 6 - Rangers 2 .	Segura keys 4 - run 9th as Mariners rally past Rangers 6 - 2