Angels - Top 1st . Leake pitching for Mariners . Kinsler struck out swinging . Trout grounded out to third . Upton walked . Pujols lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Richards pitching for Angels . Gordon reached on infield single to pitcher . Gordon to second on wild pitch by Richards . Segura struck out swinging . Canó struck out swinging . Cruz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Leake pitching for Mariners . Ohtani struck out swinging . Simmons grounded out to catcher . Valbuena walked . Calhoun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Richards pitching for Angels . Seager struck out swinging . Haniger singled to center . Healy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Haniger out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Leake pitching for Mariners . Rivera struck out swinging . Kinsler lined out to center . Trout doubled to deep right . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Richards pitching for Angels . Gamel struck out swinging . Freitas grounded out to second . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Leake pitching for Mariners . Pujols walked . Ohtani singled to deep center , Pujols to second , Pujols to third on throwing error by center fielder Gordon . Simmons singled to shallow center , Pujols scored , Ohtani to second . Valbuena singled to right , Ohtani to third , Simmons to second . Calhoun grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Ohtani scored , Valbuena out at second , Simmons to third . Rivera grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Richards pitching for Angels . Segura singled to center . Canó flied out to right . Cruz grounded into double play , third to second to first , Segura out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Leake pitching for Mariners . Kinsler lined out to right . Trout singled to left . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Trout out at second . Pujols singled to right , Upton to second . Pujols becomes the 32nd member of the 3,000 - hit club . Ohtani doubled to deep left , Upton scored , Pujols to third . Simmons fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Richards pitching for Angels . Seager grounded out to pitcher . Haniger flied out to center . Healy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Leake pitching for Mariners . Valbuena grounded out to first . Calhoun walked . Goeddel pitching for Mariners . Calhoun stole second . Rivera struck out swinging . Kinsler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Richards pitching for Angels . Gamel struck out swinging . Freitas walked . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Freitas out at second , Gordon to second on throwing error by shortstop Simmons . Segura grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 7th . Goeddel pitching for Mariners . Trout struck out swinging . Upton lined out to left . Pujols fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Richards pitching for Angels . Canó reached on infield single to shortstop . Cruz struck out swinging , Canó to second on wild pitch by Richards . Seager popped out to shortstop . Anderson pitching for Angels . Haniger struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Rzepczynski pitching for Mariners . Ohtani walked . Simmons doubled to left , Ohtani to third . Valbuena batting . Lawrence pitching for Mariners . Rivera grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Ohtani out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Anderson pitching for Angels . Healy singled to center . Healy to second on wild pitch by Anderson . Gamel struck out swinging . Freitas reached first base on catcher 's interference . Gordon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Freitas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 9th . Lawrence pitching for Mariners . Kinsler struck out swinging . Trout tripled to deep center . Upton walked . Upton to second on wild pitch by Lawrence . Pujols singled to left , Trout and Upton scored . Ohtani grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pujols out at second . Simmons reached on infield single to second , Ohtani to second . Valbuena struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Johnson pitching for Angels . Segura struck out swinging . Canó flied out to left . Cruz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 5 - Mariners 0 .	Albert 3 K : Pujols gets 3,000th hit , Angels beat Mariners 5 - 0