Mariners - Top 1st . Richards pitching for Angels . Gordon singled to center . Segura singled to right center , Gordon to third . Haniger homered to left ( 368 feet ) , Gordon and Segura scored . Cruz grounded out to second . Seager lined out to second . Span grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Leake pitching for Mariners . Calhoun singled to left center . Simmons singled to right center , Calhoun to third . Trout struck out looking . Upton singled to left , Calhoun scored , Simmons to second . Pujols flied out to left . Ohtani walked , Simmons to third , Upton to second . Kinsler lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Richards pitching for Angels . Healy singled to center . Herrmann struck out swinging . Heredia lined out to center . Gordon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Leake pitching for Mariners . Valbuena safe at first on error by second baseman Gordon . Maldonado doubled to left , Valbuena to third . Calhoun grounded out to first , Valbuena scored , Maldonado to third . Simmons reached on infield single to third , Maldonado scored . Trout singled to left , Simmons to second . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Trout out at second , Simmons to third . Pujols lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Richards pitching for Angels . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Haniger lined out to left . Cruz walked . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Seager singled to right , Cruz to third . Span flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Leake pitching for Mariners . Ohtani grounded out to second . Kinsler flied out to center . Valbuena doubled to right . Maldonado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Healy grounded out to shortstop . Herrmann flied out to left . Heredia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Leake pitching for Mariners . Calhoun singled to left . Simmons doubled to left , Calhoun scored . Trout intentionally walked . Upton grounded into double play , second to first , Trout out at second , Simmons to third . Pujols homered to left ( 404 feet ) , Simmons scored . Ohtani reached on infield single to second , Ohtani to second on throwing error by second baseman Gordon . Kinsler singled to left center , Ohtani scored . Kinsler caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Valbuena batting . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 5th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Segura fouled out to first . Haniger popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Rumbelow pitching for Mariners . Valbuena struck out swinging . Maldonado fouled out to first . Calhoun homered to center ( 417 feet ) . Simmons flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Cruz struck out looking . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Seager struck out looking . Span safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler . Healy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 6th . Rumbelow pitching for Mariners . Trout singled to deep right . Trout stole second . Upton walked . Pujols popped out to third . Ohtani grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Upton out at second , Trout to third . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ohtani out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Alvarez pitching for Angels . Herrmann doubled to left . Robles pitching for Angels . Heredia struck out looking . Gordon fouled out to left , Herrmann to third . Segura grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Elías pitching for Mariners . Fletcher hit for Valbuena . Fletcher flied out to center . Maldonado flied out to center . Calhoun walked . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Calhoun out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Fletcher at third base . Cole pitching for Angels . Haniger doubled to left . Cruz struck out swinging . Seager struck out swinging , Seager safe at on error by player player , Seager to first on throwing error by catcher Maldonado . Span lined into double play , second to shortstop , Haniger doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Elias pitching for Mariners . Trout flied out to center . Upton struck out looking . Pujols doubled to right . Marte ran for Pujols . Ohtani singled to center , Marte scored . Kinsler grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Marte at first base . Cole pitching for Angels . Healy lined out to pitcher . Herrmann struck out swinging . Gamel hit for Heredia . Gamel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Angels 9 .	Angels overcome injury to Richards , beat Mariners 9 - 3