Mariners - Top 1st . Colon pitching for Rangers . Gordon grounded out to second . Haniger flied out to right . Span grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Choo grounded out to pitcher . Odor grounded out to shortstop . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Colon pitching for Rangers . Cruz homered to left ( 413 feet ) . Seager homered to left ( 424 feet ) . Healy grounded out to shortstop . Herrmann singled to right . Maybin singled to left , Herrmann to second . Romine grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Maybin out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Beltré struck out swinging . Profar grounded out to second . Gallo popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Colon pitching for Rangers . Gordon tripled to deep right center . Haniger grounded out to third . Span tripled to deep center , Gordon scored . Cruz grounded out to third . Seager popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Chirinos walked . Calhoun singled to center , Chirinos to second . Tocci reached on bunt single to third , Chirinos to third , Calhoun to second . Choo grounded out to first , Chirinos scored , Calhoun to third , Tocci to second . Odor doubled to left center , Calhoun and Tocci scored . Andrus singled to left , Odor scored . Beltré grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Andrus out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Colon pitching for Rangers . Healy grounded out to shortstop . Herrmann struck out looking . Maybin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Profar grounded out to first . Gallo walked . Chirinos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gallo safe at third on error by third baseman Seager . Calhoun hit sacrifice fly to center , Gallo scored . Tocci grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chirinos out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 5th . Colon pitching for Rangers . Romine singled to deep left . Gordon sacrificed to pitcher , Romine to second . Romine to third on wild pitch by Colon . Haniger hit sacrifice fly to left , Romine scored . Span grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Choo walked . Odor flied out to right . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Choo out at second . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Andrus safe at third on error by third baseman Seager . Profar homered to right ( 402 feet ) , Andrus and Beltré scored . Gallo singled to center . Chirinos hit by pitch , Gallo to second . Calhoun fouled out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Colon pitching for Rangers . Cruz lined out to center . Seager flied out to right . Healy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Tocci struck out swinging . Choo walked . Odor homered to right ( 362 feet ) , Choo scored . Andrus flied out to center . Beltré homered to center ( 413 feet ) . Profar fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Colon pitching for Rangers . Herrmann flied out to left . Maybin singled to left , Maybin to second on error by left fielder Calhoun . Romine flied out to center , Maybin to third . Gordon lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Bradford pitching for Mariners . Gallo singled to deep right , Gallo out at second . Chirinos lined out to third . Calhoun grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Robinson in left field . Springs pitching for Rangers . Haniger struck out looking . Span grounded out to first . Cruz walked . Seager grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Heredia in right field . Bradford pitching for Mariners . Tocci singled to left center . Choo walked , Tocci to second . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Choo out at second , Tocci to third . Andrus lined into double play , to first , Odor doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Springs pitching for Rangers . Healy grounded out to second . Herrmann doubled to deep left . Maybin grounded out to second , Herrmann to third . Romine grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 4 - Rangers 11 .	Colon becomes winningest Latin American pitcher