Rangers - Top 1st . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Profar struck out swinging . Odor singled to right center . Andrus struck out swinging . Beltré doubled to deep right center , Odor scored , Beltré to third on throwing error by second baseman Canó . Mazara struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Haniger struck out swinging . Segura singled to right . Canó struck out swinging . Cruz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Rua struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa reached on infield single to shortstop . Tocci struck out swinging . DeShields singled to right center , Kiner - Falefa to third . Profar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Span bunt grounded out to pitcher . Seager struck out looking . Vogelbach lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Odor lined out to third . Andrus struck out swinging . Beltré lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Zunino reached on infield single to pitcher . Gordon flied out to left . Haniger singled to left , Zunino to second . Segura singled to right , Zunino to third , Haniger to second . Canó grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Segura out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Mazara reached on infield single to second . Rua struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mazara out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . Span struck out swinging . Seager popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Tocci flied out to right . DeShields grounded out to shortstop . Profar singled to left . Odor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Vogelbach singled to center . Zunino flied out to left . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Vogelbach safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Sampson , Vogelbach to third , Gordon to second on throwing error by center fielder DeShields . Haniger hit sacrifice fly to left , Vogelbach scored . Segura flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Andrus singled to right . Beltré struck out swinging . Mazara grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Andrus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Canó lined out to left . Cruz flied out to center . Span lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Vincent pitching for Mariners . Rua struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa flied out to center . Tocci lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Seager doubled to deep center . Vogelbach flied out to right . Zunino flied out to left . Gordon tripled to right , Seager scored . Sadzeck pitching for Rangers . Haniger walked . Segura singled to right , Gordon scored , Haniger to second . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Canó singled to center , Haniger scored , Segura to third . Cruz flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Canó at first base . Heredia in center field . Gordon at second base . Colomé pitching for Mariners . DeShields reached on infield single to shortstop . Profar reached on infield single to second , DeShields to second . Odor grounded out to first , DeShields to third , Profar to second . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Profar out at third . Beltré flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Mann pitching for Rangers . Span hit by pitch . Seager struck out swinging . Heredia grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Span out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Díaz pitching for Mariners . Mazara struck out swinging . Calhoun hit for Rua . Calhoun struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa safe at first on error by second baseman Gordon . Guzmán hit for Tocci . Guzmán hit by pitch , Kiner - Falefa to second . Gallo hit for DeShields . Gallo reached on infield single to second , Kiner - Falefa to third , Guzmán to second . Profar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 1 - Mariners 4 .	Paxton tops 200 Ks , Mariners beat Rangers 4 - 1