Astros - Top 1st. Dumatrait pitching for Pirates. Erstad singled to left. Loretta lined out to right. Berkman flied out to right. Lee homered to left, Erstad scored. Tejada walked. Pence singled to center, Tejada to third. Wigginton singled to center, Tejada scored, Pence to second. Towles fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Astros. McLouth popped out to shortstop. Rivas doubled to center. Doumit grounded out to first, Rivas to third. Bay walked. Nady reached on infield single to shortstop, Rivas scored, Bay to second. LaRoche singled to right center, Bay scored, Nady to third. Mientkiewicz singled to right center, Nady scored, LaRoche to second. Dumatrait singled to center, LaRoche scored, Mientkiewicz to second. Wilson popped out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Dumatrait pitching for Pirates. Hernandez struck out swinging. Erstad flied out to left. Loretta lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Astros. McLouth homered to right. Rivas grounded out to pitcher. Doumit struck out swinging. Bay walked. Nady doubled to left, Bay scored. LaRoche walked. Mientkiewicz popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Dumatrait pitching for Pirates. Berkman walked. Lee flied out to center. Tejada lined out to left. Pence lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Astros. Dumatrait grounded out to shortstop. Wilson struck out swinging. McLouth flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Dumatrait pitching for Pirates. Wigginton doubled to deep center. Towles singled to left, Wigginton to third. Hernandez reached on bunt single to pitcher, Wigginton scored, Towles to third. Erstad grounded into fielder's choice to first, Towles scored, Hernandez out at second. Loretta singled to left, Erstad to second. Berkman doubled to deep left, Erstad scored, Loretta to third. Bautista pitching for Pirates. Lee hit sacrifice fly to right, Loretta scored, Berkman to third. Tejada flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Astros. Rivas reached on infield single to third. Doumit homered to right, Rivas scored. Bay singled to left. Nady grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Bay out at second. LaRoche tripled to deep right center. Mientkiewicz walked. Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop, LaRoche scored, Mientkiewicz to second. Wilson singled to center, Mientkiewicz scored, Bautista to second. McLouth struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Bautista pitching for Pirates. Pence flied out to left. Wigginton flied out to left. Towles flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Paronto pitching for Astros. Rivas popped out to second. Doumit grounded out to second. Bay singled to center. Nady flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Bautista pitching for Pirates. Paronto struck out looking. Erstad struck out swinging. Loretta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Paronto pitching for Astros. LaRoche walked. Mientkiewicz struck out swinging. Michaels hit for Bautista. Michaels grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, LaRoche out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Yates pitching for Pirates. Berkman struck out swinging. Lee popped out to second. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Paronto pitching for Astros. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. McLouth grounded out to first. Rivas grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Yates pitching for Pirates. Pence struck out swinging. Wigginton struck out swinging. Towles fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Paronto pitching for Astros. Doumit flied out to left. Bay safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton. Nady grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bay out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 9th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Blum hit for Paronto. Blum grounded out to pitcher. Erstad grounded out to second. Loretta walked. Berkman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 7 - Pirates 10.	Pirates top Astros to snap three-game losing skid