Reds - Top 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Bruce grounded out to second. Keppinger flied out to right. Griffey Jr popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Volquez pitching for Reds. Matsui singled to left. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to second, Matsui out at second. Berkman walked, Tejada to second. Lee struck out swinging. Tejada caught stealing third, catcher to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Phillips popped out to first. Dunn homered to right. Encarnacion singled to left. Votto doubled to deep left center, Encarnacion scored. Bako struck out looking. Volquez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Volquez pitching for Reds. Blum flied out to left. Pence struck out looking. Erstad flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Bruce grounded out to pitcher. Keppinger singled to left. Griffey Jr struck out swinging. Phillips singled to center, Keppinger to second. Dunn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Volquez pitching for Reds. Quintero grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez lined out to center. Matsui grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Encarnacion lined out to shortstop. Votto grounded out to second. Bako flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Volquez pitching for Reds. Tejada flied out to center. Berkman doubled to deep left. Lee struck out swinging. Blum struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Volquez singled to center. Bruce reached on infield single to third, Volquez to second. Keppinger struck out swinging. Griffey Jr homered to right, Volquez and Bruce scored. Phillips walked. Phillips caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Dunn homered to center. Paronto pitching for Astros. Encarnacion homered to left. Votto singled to left. Byrdak pitching for Astros. Bako struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Volquez pitching for Reds. Pence homered to left. Erstad singled to left. Quintero grounded into fielder's choice to second, Erstad out at second. Newhan hit for Byrdak. Newhan struck out swinging. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to first, Quintero out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Sampson pitching for Astros. Volquez struck out swinging. Bruce singled to center. Keppinger struck out looking. Griffey Jr grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Volquez pitching for Reds. Tejada grounded out to third. Berkman grounded out to second. Lee popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Sampson pitching for Astros. Phillips safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada. Dunn reached on infield single to pitcher, Phillips to second. Encarnacion flied out to left. Votto singled to center, Phillips scored, Dunn to third. Bako grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Votto out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 7th. Volquez pitching for Reds. Blum grounded out to second. Pence doubled to right. Erstad safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Keppinger, Pence to third. Quintero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pence scored, Erstad safe at second on error by shortstop Keppinger. Wigginton hit for Sampson. Wigginton homered to left, Erstad and Quintero scored. Lincoln pitching for Reds. Matsui doubled to deep center. Tejada grounded out to first, Matsui to third. Berkman flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Wright pitching for Astros. Phillips hit for Lincoln. Phillips popped out to second. Bruce grounded out to first. Keppinger singled to left center. Griffey Jr popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Weathers pitching for Reds. Lee flied out to right. Blum safe at first on error by left fielder Dunn. Pence flied out to right. Erstad struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 9th. Brocail pitching for Astros. Phillips singled to shallow right. Dunn struck out swinging, Phillips stole second. Encarnacion flied out to right, Phillips to third. Votto intentionally walked. Bako reached on infield single to second, Phillips scored, Votto to second. Valentin hit for Weathers. Valentin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Bruce in left field. Patterson in center field. Cordero pitching for Reds. Bourn hit for Quintero. Bourn reached on infield single to shortstop. Loretta hit for Brocail. Loretta singled to center, Bourn to second. Matsui grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Loretta out at second, Bourn to third. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 9 - Astros 5.	Griffey's 608th HR, Dunn's homer end Cincy's slide