Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Parra grounded out to first. Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop. Goldschmidt singled to right, Eaton to second. Hill grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Choo grounded out to first. Frazier lined out to left. Votto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Prado lined out to center. Kubel struck out swinging. Nieves grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Phillips tripled to deep center. Bruce walked. Ludwick fouled out to first. Cozart hit sacrifice fly to center, Phillips scored, Bruce to second. Hanigan lined out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Gregorius flied out to center. Delgado struck out swinging. Parra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Arroyo struck out looking. Choo walked. Choo caught stealing second, catcher to second. Frazier popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Eaton lined out to center. Goldschmidt flied out to center. Hill homered to left (371 feet). Prado singled to left center. Kubel struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Votto singled to left. Phillips singled to left center, Votto to second. Bruce singled to center, Votto scored, Phillips to second. Ludwick doubled to left, Phillips scored, Bruce to third. Cozart grounded out to second, Bruce scored, Ludwick to third. Hanigan walked. Arroyo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ludwick out at home, Hanigan to second. Hanigan to third, Arroyo to second on wild pitch by Delgado. Choo struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Nieves grounded out to pitcher. Gregorius lined out to center. Delgado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Frazier homered to center (426 feet). Votto struck out swinging. Phillips reached on infield single to second. Bruce struck out swinging. Ludwick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Phillips out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Parra singled to left. Eaton struck out looking. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to pitcher, Parra to second. Hill hit by pitch, Parra to third, Goldschmidt to second. Prado singled to left center, Parra and Goldschmidt scored, Hill to second. Kubel grounded into fielder's choice to first, Prado out at second, Hill to third. Nieves fouled out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Cozart fouled out to shortstop. Hanigan struck out swinging. Hannahan hit for Arroyo. Hannahan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Parra pitching for Reds. Gregorius reached on infield single to second. Davidson hit for Delgado. Gregorius to second on passed ball by Hanigan. Davidson grounded out to third. Parra lined out to center. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks. Choo singled to right center. Frazier grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Choo out at second. Votto walked. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Hoover pitching for Reds. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Hill popped out to second. Prado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks. Bruce struck out swinging. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Ludwick struck out swinging. Cozart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Chapman pitching for Reds. Heisey in left field. Kubel singled to center. Nieves grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kubel out at second. Pennington hit for Gregorius. Pennington singled to right. Pollock hit for Harris. Pollock lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Reds 5.	Ludwick helps Reds continue August surge