Reds - Top 1st. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Choo singled to center. Choo stole second. Phillips walked. Votto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Phillips out at second, Choo to third. Bruce grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Leake pitching for Reds. Dickerson doubled to right. LeMahieu lined out to right. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Cuddyer doubled to left, Dickerson scored. Helton fouled out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Mesoraco flied out to center. Heisey singled to right. Hannahan grounded out to second, Heisey to second. Cozart grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Leake pitching for Reds. Arenado homered to left (390 feet). Torrealba struck out looking. Blackmon grounded out to third. Chatwood struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Leake singled to center. Choo homered to right (385 feet), Leake scored. Phillips walked. Votto walked, Phillips to second. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Bruce popped out to shortstop. Mesoraco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phillips out at third, Votto to second. Heisey reached on infield single to shortstop, Votto tagged out at home, Mesoraco to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Leake pitching for Reds. Dickerson walked. LeMahieu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dickerson out at second. Tulowitzki popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Hannahan singled to right. Cozart lined out to center. Leake bunt popped into double play, pitcher to second, Hannahan out at first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Leake pitching for Reds. Cuddyer singled to center. Helton struck out swinging, Cuddyer stole second. Arenado lined out to right, Cuddyer to third. Torrealba grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Choo doubled to center. Phillips flied out to center. Votto grounded out to second, Choo to third. Bruce intentionally walked. Mesoraco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Leake pitching for Reds. Blackmon grounded out to second. Pacheco hit for Ottavino. Pacheco singled to left center. Dickerson singled to left center, Pacheco to second. LeMahieu doubled to deep right center, Pacheco and Dickerson scored. Tulowitzki walked. Cuddyer doubled to deep left, LeMahieu scored, Tulowitzki to third. Simon pitching for Reds. Helton intentionally walked. Arenado hit sacrifice fly to left, Tulowitzki scored. Torrealba grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cuddyer out at third, Helton to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Heisey singled to left center. Hannahan singled to center, Heisey to second. Cozart grounded into double play, third to first, Heisey out at third, Hannahan to second. Paul hit for Simon. Paul singled to left, Hannahan to third. Outman pitching for Rockies. Choo fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Parra pitching for Reds. Blackmon flied out to center. Outman struck out looking. Dickerson singled to center. Partch pitching for Reds. LeMahieu reached on infield single to second, Dickerson to second. Dickerson stole third. LeMahieu stole second. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Outman pitching for Rockies. Phillips struck out swinging. Votto struck out looking. Bruce grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Partch pitching for Reds. Cuddyer homered to left (401 feet). Helton doubled to left. Arenado popped out to shortstop. Torrealba lined out to left. Blackmon grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Mesoraco singled to center. Heisey singled to center, Mesoraco to second. Hannahan grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Heisey out at second, Mesoraco to third. Cozart singled to right, Mesoraco scored, Hannahan to second. Ludwick hit for Partch. Ludwick struck out swinging. Choo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Ondrusek pitching for Reds. Robinson in left field. Rutledge hit for Belisle. Rutledge grounded out to pitcher. Dickerson flied out to left. LeMahieu lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Culberson in left field. Phillips singled to right. Votto flied out to left. Bruce grounded out to pitcher, Phillips to second. Mesoraco singled to center, Phillips scored. Robinson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 4 - Rockies 7.	Helton reaches 2,500 hits; Rockies beat Reds