Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Suter pitching for Brewers . Peralta struck out swinging . Ahmed flied out to center . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Pérez struck out swinging . Yelich doubled to deep right . Aguilar singled to left center , Yelich scored . Shaw flied out to right . Santana walked , Aguilar to second . Villar walked , Aguilar to third , Santana to second . Saladino struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Suter pitching for Brewers . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 387 feet ) . Marte grounded out to third . Murphy homered to center ( 426 feet ) . Brito grounded out to second . Marrero struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Bandy walked . Suter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bandy out at second . Pérez flied out to right . Yelich walked , Suter to second . Aguilar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suter out at third , Yelich to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Suter pitching for Brewers . Godley singled to right center . Peralta singled to right , Godley to second . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peralta out at second , Godley to third . Owings struck out swinging . Goldschmidt lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Shaw grounded out to shortstop . Santana struck out swinging . Villar singled to left . Villar to second on wild pitch by Godley . Saladino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Suter pitching for Brewers . Marte struck out swinging . Murphy flied out to center . Brito bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Bandy singled to left . Suter sacrificed to catcher , Bandy to second , Suter safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Goldschmidt . Pérez lined out to left , Bandy to third . Yelich walked , Suter to second . Aguilar singled to center , Bandy and Suter scored , Yelich to third . Shaw homered to right ( 385 feet ) , Yelich and Aguilar scored . Santana doubled to deep left . Villar walked . Salas pitching for Diamondbacks . Saladino singled to center , Santana scored , Villar to second , Villar scored , Saladino to second on error by center fielder Owings . Bandy struck out looking . Suter grounded out to first . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Suter pitching for Brewers . Marrero struck out swinging . Mathis hit for Salas . Mathis walked . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mathis out at second . Ahmed flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Pérez singled to center . Yelich grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pérez out at second . Aguilar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Suter pitching for Brewers . Owings flied out to right . Goldschmidt walked . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Goldschmidt out at second . Williams pitching for Brewers . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Shaw grounded out to first . Santana walked . Villar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Williams pitching for Brewers . Brito lined out to first . Lamb hit for Marrero . Lamb struck out looking . Descalso hit for McFarland . Logan pitching for Brewers . Descalso struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Descalso at third base . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Saladino homered to right center ( 395 feet ) . Bandy struck out swinging . Choi hit for Logan . Choi struck out swinging . Pérez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Woodruff pitching for Brewers . Peralta lined out to shortstop . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Owings flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Boxberger pitching for Diamondbacks . Yelich grounded out to pitcher . Aguilar struck out looking . Shaw walked . Santana struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Woodruff pitching for Brewers . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Marte struck out looking . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Brewers 9 .	Brewers ' 7 - run 4th helps sweep Diamondbacks 9 - 2