Mets - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Nimmo walked . Cabrera singled to right , Nimmo to third . Flores singled to right , Nimmo scored , Cabrera to second . Bruce walked , Cabrera to third , Flores to second . Conforto struck out swinging . Mesoraco singled to right center , Cabrera scored , Flores to third , Bruce to second . González popped out to second . Reyes walked , Flores scored , Bruce to third , Mesoraco to second . Vargas struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Mets . Cain grounded out to shortstop . Yelich walked . Braun walked , Yelich to second . Aguilar struck out swinging . Shaw singled to right , Yelich scored , Braun to third . Pérez doubled to left , Braun and Shaw scored . Pérez stole third . Saladino struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Nimmo homered to right ( 367 feet ) . Cabrera struck out looking . Flores flied out to right . Bruce flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Mets . Kratz grounded out to third . Anderson struck out swinging . Cain singled to left . Yelich lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Conforto homered to right center ( 414 feet ) . Mesoraco struck out swinging . González singled to right . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to first , González out at second . Vargas bunt grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Mets . Braun struck out swinging . Aguilar homered to center ( 424 feet ) . Shaw doubled to deep right center . Pérez struck out swinging . Saladino singled to center , Shaw scored . Kratz lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Nimmo struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to left . Flores singled to center . Jennings pitching for Brewers . Bruce grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Rhame pitching for Mets . Jennings struck out swinging . Cain walked . Yelich tripled to deep right , Cain scored . Braun singled to center , Yelich scored . Braun stole second . Aguilar struck out swinging . Shaw fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Jennings pitching for Brewers . Conforto reached on infield single to shortstop . Mesoraco struck out swinging . González grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Conforto out at second . Reyes doubled to left , González scored . Rosario hit for Rhame . Rosario walked . Nimmo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rosario out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Ramos pitching for Mets . Pérez flied out to right . Saladino struck out swinging . Kratz homered to left center ( 425 feet ) . Jennings singled to left . Cain walked , Jennings to second . Yelich doubled to deep left center , Jennings and Cain scored . Flexen pitching for Mets . Braun grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Logan pitching for Brewers . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Flores grounded out to shortstop . Bruce walked . Conforto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Flexen pitching for Mets . Aguilar singled to center . Shaw walked , Aguilar to second . Pérez walked , Aguilar to third , Shaw to second . Saladino grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to third , Aguilar out at home , Shaw out at third , Pérez to second , Saladino to first . Kratz reached on infield single to shortstop , Pérez to third , Saladino to second . Villar hit for Logan . Villar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Williams pitching for Brewers . Mesoraco singled to right . González struck out swinging . Reyes grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Mesoraco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Flexen pitching for Mets . Cain doubled to deep right center . Yelich reached on infield single to second , Cain to third . Braun walked , Yelich to second . Aguilar singled to center , Cain and Yelich scored , Braun to second , Braun to third , Aguilar to second on throwing error by center fielder Conforto . Shaw lined out to left . Pérez safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes , Braun scored . Saladino doubled to right , Aguilar scored , Pérez to third . Kratz grounded out to shortstop . Santana hit for Williams . Santana doubled to left , Pérez and Saladino scored . Cain singled to left center , Santana scored , Cain to second advancing on throw . Blevins pitching for Mets . Yelich grounded out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 2 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Yelich in center field . Santana in right field . Houser pitching for Brewers . Blevins struck out looking . Nimmo popped out to shortstop . Guillorme hit for Cabrera . Guillorme flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Guillorme at second base . Blevins pitching for Mets . Braun flied out to center . Aguilar walked . Sogard hit for Shaw . Sogard flied out to right . Pérez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Sogard at second base . Pérez at third base . Houser pitching for Brewers . Flores singled to right . Bruce singled to right , Flores to second . Conforto struck out looking . Nido hit for Mesoraco . Nido struck out swinging . González flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 6 - Brewers 17 .	Kratz homers in Brewers debut as Milwaukee routs Mets 17 - 6