Brewers - Top 1st . Urena pitching for Marlins . Thames struck out swinging . Cain grounded out to first . Yelich singled to left center . Aguilar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Castro doubled to deep center . Anderson lined out to right . Bour grounded out to shortstop , Castro to third . Prado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Urena pitching for Marlins . Shaw grounded out to first . Miller grounded out to shortstop . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Riddle singled to right . Cooper grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Riddle out at second . Maybin reached on infield single to third . Holaday walked . Ureña batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Urena pitching for Marlins . Nottingham grounded out to shortstop . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Thames tripled to right . Cain singled to right , Thames scored . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cain out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Castro struck out swinging . Anderson singled to left . Bour singled to right , Anderson to second . Prado lined into double play , to third , Anderson doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Aguilar homered to left ( 389 feet ) . Shaw grounded out to first . Miller struck out looking . Pérez singled to deep left center . Pérez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Nottingham batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Riddle walked . Cooper grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Riddle safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Aguilar . Maybin reached on infield single to shortstop , Riddle to third , Cooper to second . Holaday hit sacrifice fly to left , Riddle scored . Ureña struck out looking . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Maybin out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 5th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Nottingham singled to left . Anderson bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Nottingham out at second . Thames lined into double play , pitcher to first , Anderson out at first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Anderson flied out to center . Bour struck out swinging . Prado singled to right . Riddle singled to right , Prado to second . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Cooper grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Cain singled to center . Yelich struck out swinging . Cain stole second . Aguilar walked . Shaw flied out to center , Cain to third . Dietrich in left field . Guerra pitching for Marlins . Miller grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Maybin grounded out to pitcher . Holaday struck out looking . Dietrich flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Guerra pitching for Marlins . Pérez struck out swinging . Nottingham doubled to left . Orf hit for Jeffress . Orf struck out swinging . Thames grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Broxton in right field . Hader pitching for Brewers . Castro homered to left center ( 411 feet ) . Anderson homered to center ( 434 feet ) . Bour struck out swinging . Prado singled to center , Prado out stretching at second . Riddle grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Rojas at first base . Steckenrider pitching for Marlins . Cain singled to right center . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cain out at second . Yelich stole second . Aguilar struck out looking . Shaw singled to right , Yelich scored , Shaw to second advancing on throw . Miller intentionally walked . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Miller out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Hader pitching for Brewers . Rojas reached on bunt single to second . Maybin walked , Rojas to second . Holaday sacrificed to third , Rojas to third , Maybin to second . Dietrich struck out swinging . Saladino at shortstop . Williams pitching for Brewers . Castro popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Nottingham struck out swinging . Broxton grounded out to second . Saladino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Williams pitching for Brewers . Anderson flied out to right . Rivera hit for Barraclough . Rivera flied out to center . Prado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 10th . Rivera at third base . Ziegler pitching for Marlins . Cain walked . Yelich singled to left center , Cain to third , Yelich to second advancing on throw . Aguilar struck out swinging . Shaw intentionally walked . Miller grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Shaw out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 10th . Villar at second base . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Riddle grounded out to first . Rojas hit by pitch . Maybin walked , Rojas to second . Rojas stole third , Maybin stole second . Holaday singled to center , Rojas scored , Maybin to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Marlins 4 .	Reserve Holaday 's hit helps Miami beat Brewers 4 - 3 in 10