Padres - Top 1st . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Jankowski struck out looking . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . Renfroe walked . Reyes singled to left , Renfroe to third . Spangenberg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Erlin pitching for Padres . Cain flied out to right . Yelich walked . Aguilar flied out to center . Yelich to second on balk by Erlin . Braun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Pirela doubled to deep left . Galvis grounded out to second , Pirela to third . Ellis lined into double play , shortstop to third , Pirela doubled off third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Erlin pitching for Padres . Pérez flied out to center . Shaw singled to left center . Schoop grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Shaw out at second , Schoop to second on throwing error by second baseman Pirela . Piña doubled to deep left , Schoop scored . Guerra flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 3rd . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Erlin singled to shallow center . Jankowski grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Erlin out at second . Hosmer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Erlin pitching for Padres . Cain reached on infield single to second . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cain out at second . Aguilar struck out swinging . Braun lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Renfroe popped out to first . Reyes doubled to right . Spangenberg walked . Pirela singled to right , Reyes scored , Spangenberg to second . Galvis walked , Spangenberg to third , Pirela to second . Ellis struck out swinging . Erlin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Galvis out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Erlin pitching for Padres . Pérez singled to center . Shaw singled to right , Pérez to second . Pérez stole third , Shaw stole second . Schoop doubled to deep left , Pérez and Shaw scored . Piña popped out to first . Guerra struck out swinging . Cain reached on infield single to shortstop , Schoop scored on error by shortstop Galvis . Cain caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Yelich batting . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 5th . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Jankowski reached on bunt single to pitcher . Hosmer grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Jankowski out at second . Renfroe doubled to deep left . Reyes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Erlin pitching for Padres . Yelich popped out to first . Aguilar struck out swinging . Braun grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Spangenberg grounded out to pitcher . Pirela grounded out to shortstop . Galvis homered to right ( 378 feet ) . Ellis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Maton pitching for Padres . Pérez struck out swinging . Shaw reached on bunt single to shortstop . Schoop struck out swinging . Piña singled to left , Shaw to second . Moustakas hit for Guerra . Asuaje at second base . Castillo pitching for Padres . Moustakas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Jennings pitching for Brewers . Asuaje singled to center . Jankowski grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to second , Asuaje out at second . Hosmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Castillo pitching for Padres . Cain lined out to first . Yelich fouled out to third . Aguilar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Pérez at first base . Arcia at shortstop . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Renfroe struck out swinging . Reyes grounded out to third . Spangenberg reached on infield single to shortstop . Margot hit for Castillo . Margot struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Yates pitching for Padres . Braun struck out swinging . Pérez singled to deep center . Shaw struck out swinging . Schoop struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Galvis walked . Ellis walked , Galvis to second . Asuaje walked , Galvis to third , Ellis to second . Jankowski reached on infield single to pitcher , Galvis scored , Ellis to third , Asuaje to second . Soria pitching for Brewers . Hosmer flied out to right . Renfroe homered to left ( 425 feet ) , Ellis , Asuaje and Jankowski scored . Reyes homered to right ( 346 feet ) . Barnes pitching for Brewers . Spangenberg struck out swinging . Yates grounded out to catcher . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Stammen pitching for Padres . Piña struck out looking . Arcia struck out swinging . Cain grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 8 - Brewers 4 .	Hunter Renfroe homers in 4th straight game as Padres win