Twins - Top 1st . George pitching for Royals . Jones lined out to right . Guzman flied out to deep right . Koskie doubled to deep left . Morneau singled to right , Koskie scored . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morneau out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Reed pitching for Twins . Relaford lined out to right . Randa flied out to right center . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . George pitching for Royals . Mientkiewicz reached on infield single to second . Ford flied out to left . Pierzynski singled to shallow left , Mientkiewicz to second . Hocking struck out swinging . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Reed pitching for Twins . Beltran grounded out to first . Ibanez walked . Harvey reached on infield single to pitcher , Ibanez to second . Tucker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harvey out at second , Ibanez to third . Berroa safe at first on error by third baseman Koskie , Ibanez scored , Tucker to second . Difelice popped out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Top 3rd . George pitching for Royals . Guzman grounded out to third . Koskie grounded out to first . Morneau grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Reed pitching for Twins . Relaford flied out to center . Guiel hit for Sweeney . Randa singled to shallow right . Guiel singled to right , Randa to third . Beltran singled to right , Randa scored , Guiel to second . Guiel to third , Beltran to second on wild pitch by Reed . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guiel out at home , Beltran to third . Harvey doubled to left , Beltran scored , Ibanez to third . Tucker singled to center , Ibanez and Harvey scored . Guiel in right field . Tucker in left field . Ibanez at first base . Berroa fouled out to catcher . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . George pitching for Royals . Hunter doubled to deep left . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first , Hunter to third . Ford singled to left center , Hunter scored . Pierzynski grounded out to second , Ford to second . Hocking walked . Jones singled to right , Ford scored , Hocking to third . Guzman grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Reed pitching for Twins . Difelice grounded out to third . Relaford singled to center . Relaford stole second . Randa doubled to left , Relaford scored . Guiel fouled out to catcher . Beltran singled to center , Randa scored . Rincon pitching for Twins . Ibanez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . George pitching for Royals . Koskie singled to left . Morneau singled to right , Koskie to third . Hunter hit sacrifice fly to right , Koskie scored . Mientkiewicz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morneau out at second . Ford popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Harvey grounded out to second . Tucker singled to left . Berroa hit by pitch , Tucker to second . Difelice struck out swinging . Relaford grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . George pitching for Royals . Pierzynski tripled to right . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Hocking grounded out to shortstop , Pierzynski scored . Jones struck out swinging , Jones safe at first on wild pitch by Carrasco . Guzman flied out to deep right center . Koskie flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Randa grounded out to first . Guiel lined out to right center . Beltran walked . Beltran stole second . Ibanez singled to center , Beltran scored , Ibanez to second advancing on throw . Harvey grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Morneau flied out to deep center . Hunter singled to right . Mientkiewicz singled to center , Hunter to third . Ford grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hunter scored , Mientkiewicz out at second . Santana pitching for Twins . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ford out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Santana pitching for Twins . Tucker struck out swinging . Berroa popped out to first . Grimsley pitching for Royals . Difelice struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Grimsley pitching for Royals . Hocking singled to right . Jones grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Hocking out at second . Guzman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Santana pitching for Twins . Relaford struck out swinging . Randa singled to left . Guiel flied out to deep left center . Beltran singled to right , Randa to second . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Ibanez flied out to deep right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Koskie walked . Morneau struck out swinging . Hunter popped out to shallow center . Mientkiewicz lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 6 - Royals 8 .	Royals one behind Twins , one win from series sweep