Athletics - Top 1st . Reed pitching for Twins . Byrnes flied out to right . Hatteberg struck out looking . Durazo walked . Tejada flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Stewart popped out to second . Guzman safe at first on error by first baseman Hatteberg . Jones singled to center , Guzman to second . Hunter singled to center , Guzman scored , Jones to second , Jones to third , Hunter to second on error by center fielder Singleton . Pierzynski singled to center , Jones and Hunter scored , Pierzynski to second advancing on throw . Mientkiewicz singled to right , Pierzynski to third , Pierzynski scored , Mientkiewicz to second on error by right fielder Long . Gomez reached on infield single to second , Mientkiewicz to third . Mohr grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mientkiewicz scored , Gomez out at second . Rivas reached on infield single to second , Mohr to second . Stewart grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 3 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Reed pitching for Twins . Chavez grounded out to third . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Long singled to center . Ellis singled to right center , Long to third . Singleton singled to center , Long scored , Ellis to second . Byrnes flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Guzman struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to second . Hunter homered to right . Pierzynski singled to right . Mientkiewicz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Reed pitching for Twins . Hatteberg singled to left . Durazo popped out to shallow left . Tejada flied out to center . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hatteberg out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Gomez flied out to right center . Mohr fouled out to first . Rivas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Reed pitching for Twins . Hernandez walked . Long grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hernandez out at second . Ellis grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Long out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Stewart grounded out to third . Guzman struck out looking . Jones reached on infield single to first . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Reed pitching for Twins . Singleton reached on bunt single to third . Byrnes flied out to center . Hatteberg popped out to second . Durazo fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Pierzynski popped out to shortstop . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first . Gomez singled to center . Mohr flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Reed pitching for Twins . Tejada reached on infield single to second . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tejada out at second . Hernandez doubled to right center , Chavez scored , Hernandez thrown out at third attempting to advance on throw . Long flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Rivas grounded out to third . Stewart grounded out to third . Guzman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Reed pitching for Twins . Ellis singled to left center . Singleton popped out to shallow left . Byrnes popped out to first . Hatteberg grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Jones reached on infield single to pitcher . Hunter fouled out to first . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jones out at second , Pierzynski to second on throwing error by second baseman Ellis . Mientkiewicz walked . Romero pitching for Twins . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 8th . Romero pitching for Twins . Durazo grounded out to second . Tejada popped out to second . Chavez walked . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Mohr walked . Rivas hit by pitch , Mohr to second . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rivas out at second , Mohr to third . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mohr out at home , Stewart to second . Jones hit by pitch , Stewart to third , Guzman to second . Hunter flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Hawkins pitching for Twins . Long flied out to left . Ellis singled to right . Singleton struck out swinging . Byrnes lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 2 - Twins 6 .	Hunter , Pierzynski , errors help Twins top A 's