Mariners - Top 1st . Reed pitching for Twins . Suzuki flied out to center . McLemore struck out swinging . Boone hit by pitch . Cameron struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Mariners . Stewart popped out to second . Rivas singled to left . Mientkiewicz popped out to shallow left . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Reed pitching for Twins . Olerud singled to right . Winn singled to right , Olerud to second . Mabry walked , Olerud to third , Winn to second . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Olerud scored , Mabry out at second , Winn to third . Wilson doubled to left center , Winn and Bloomquist scored . Suzuki struck out looking . McLemore grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Mariners . Pierzynski doubled to right . Jones singled to center , Pierzynski scored . Morneau flied out to center . Gomez singled to center , Jones to third . Guzman grounded out to second , Jones scored , Gomez to second . Stewart struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Reed pitching for Twins . Boone popped out to shallow right . Cameron flied out to deep center . Olerud flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Mariners . Rivas reached on infield single to second . Mientkiewicz walked , Rivas to second . Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop , Rivas to third , Mientkiewicz to second , Rivas scored , Mientkiewicz to third , Hunter to second on throwing error by shortstop McLemore . Pierzynski lined out to first . Jones hit by pitch . Morneau walked , Mientkiewicz scored , Hunter to third , Jones to second . Hunter scored , Jones to third , Morneau to second on wild pitch by Garcia . Gomez hit sacrifice fly to left center , Jones scored . Guzman singled to center , Morneau scored . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Guzman stole second . Stewart reached on infield single to third , Guzman to third . Rivas struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 4th . Reed pitching for Twins . Winn struck out looking . Mabry grounded out to second . Bloomquist hit by pitch . Wilson singled to center , Bloomquist to third . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . Hunter flied out to center . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Reed pitching for Twins . McLemore doubled to right . Boone homered to right , McLemore scored . Cameron struck out looking . Olerud grounded out to shortstop . Winn singled to center . Mabry walked , Winn to second . Bloomquist flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Jones struck out looking . Morneau singled to center . Mays pitching for Twins . Gomez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Morneau out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Mays pitching for Twins . Wilson walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Wilson out at second . McLemore singled to center , Suzuki to second . Boone flied out to center . Cameron reached on infield single to third , Suzuki to third , McLemore to second . Olerud singled to left , Suzuki and McLemore scored , Cameron to second , Cameron scored on throwing error by left fielder Jones . J Olerud to second advancing on throw . Winn homered to left , Olerud scored . Mabry walked . Baldwin pitching for Twins . Bloomquist flied out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 6th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Guzman grounded out to second . Stewart homered to right . Rivas struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Baldwin pitching for Twins . Wilson struck out swinging . Suzuki bunt grounded out to pitcher . McLemore walked . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McLemore out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Hunter popped out to third . Pierzynski flied out to center . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Baldwin pitching for Twins . Cameron walked . Olerud grounded out to second , Cameron to second . Winn flied out to center . Mabry intentionally walked . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Bloomquist popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Morneau struck out swinging . Gomez flied out to center . Guzman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Baldwin pitching for Twins . Wilson grounded out to pitcher . Suzuki struck out swinging . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . McLemore flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Sears hit for Rivas . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Stewart singled to center . Sears grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stewart out at second . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 10 - Twins 8 .	Mariners bounce back to edge Twins