Twins - Top 1st . Sele pitching for Angels . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Rivas grounded out to third . Mientkiewicz reached on bunt single to pitcher . Mientkiewicz picked off first . LeCroy batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Twins . Figgins tripled to left . Owens reached on infield single to pitcher , Figgins scored , Owens to second on throwing error by pitcher Rogers . Anderson grounded out to shortstop , Owens to third . Salmon hit sacrifice fly to right , Owens scored . Spiezio singled to left center . Wooten lined out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 2nd . Sele pitching for Angels . LeCroy grounded out to shortstop . Jones struck out swinging . Hunter doubled to deep right . Pierzynski singled to center , Hunter scored . Pierzynski to second on wild pitch by Sele . Hocking walked . Guzman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Rogers pitching for Twins . Molina grounded out to third . Quinlan grounded out to third . Kennedy singled to right . Figgins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Sele pitching for Angels . Stewart fouled out to first . Rivas flied out to center . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Rogers pitching for Twins . Owens doubled to left . Anderson grounded out to first , Owens to third . Salmon walked . Spiezio grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Owens out at third , Salmon to second . Wooten singled to left , Salmon scored , Spiezio to second , Spiezio to third , Wooten to second on throwing error by left fielder Jones . Molina flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 4th . Sele pitching for Angels . LeCroy lined out to second . Jones grounded out to first . Hunter flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Quinlan singled to left . Kennedy flied out to center . Figgins singled to left , Quinlan to second . Owens lined into double play , center to second , Quinlan doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Sele pitching for Angels . Pierzynski hit by pitch . Hocking struck out swinging . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pierzynski safe at third on error by shortstop Figgins , Guzman to second on throwing error by shortstop Figgins . Stewart grounded out to pitcher , Pierzynski scored , Guzman to third . Rivas flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 5th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Anderson lined out to center . Salmon grounded out to third . Spiezio lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Sele pitching for Angels . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first . LeCroy singled to left . Jones grounded out to pitcher , LeCroy to second . Weber pitching for Angels . Hunter singled to left , LeCroy scored . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Wooten grounded out to second . Molina homered to left . Quinlan singled to center . Kennedy flied out to deep left center . Figgins singled to right , Quinlan to third . Rincon pitching for Twins . Owens bunt grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Weber pitching for Angels . Hocking walked . Guzman reached on bunt single to catcher , Hocking to second , Hocking to third on throwing error by catcher Molina . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hocking scored , Guzman out at second . Stewart caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop to first . Rivas reached on infield single to shortstop . Rivas picked off first . Mientkiewicz batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 7th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Salmon flied out to left . Spiezio homered to right . Wooten walked . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Davanon in right field . Molina flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Mientkiewicz singled to right . LeCroy flied out to right . Jones singled to right , Mientkiewicz to second . Hunter struck out swinging . Ryan hit for Hocking . Pierzynski singled to right , Mientkiewicz to third , Jones to second . Romero pitching for Twins . Gomez at third base . Ryan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Romero pitching for Twins . Quinlan flied out to center . Kennedy grounded out to first . Percival pitching for Angels . Figgins grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Percival pitching for Angels . Guzman flied out to center . Stewart singled to right center . Rivas flied out to right . Mientkiewicz flied out to deep center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 4 - Angels 5 .	Anaheim 5 , Minnesota 4