Twins - Top 1st . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Stewart safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Santiago . Rivas grounded out to shortstop . Stewart to third on passed ball by Inge . Mientkiewicz hit sacrifice fly to right , Stewart scored . Jones grounded out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Radke pitching for Twins . Sanchez singled to left . Sanchez stole second . Morris flied out to left . Higginson grounded out to shortstop . Young grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Koskie popped out to shortstop . Hunter struck out swinging . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Radke pitching for Twins . Monroe struck out swinging . Pena flied out to center . Halter singled to right . Inge grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Ryan singled to right center . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ryan out at second . Restovich ran for Stewart . Stewart reached on infield single to shortstop , Guzman to second . Guzman to third , Restovich to second on wild pitch by Knotts . Rivas popped out to second . Restovich in left field . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Radke pitching for Twins . Santiago reached on bunt single to pitcher . Sanchez sacrificed to third , Santiago to second . Morris flied out to center . Higginson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Jones flied out to left . Koskie doubled to deep right . Ford ran for Hunter . Hunter doubled to deep right center , Koskie scored . Pierzynski hit ground rule double to deep right , Ford scored . Ryan singled to right , Pierzynski to third , Ryan to second advancing on throw . Guzman singled to right , Pierzynski and Ryan scored . Restovich struck out swinging . Roney pitching for Tigers . Rivas singled to left , Guzman to second . Ford in center field . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Radke pitching for Twins . Young singled to right . Monroe singled to left , Young to second . Pena flied out to left . Halter struck out swinging . Inge walked , Young to third , Monroe to second . Santiago grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Roney pitching for Tigers . Jones homered to right . Cuddyer ran for Koskie . Koskie walked . Ford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cuddyer out at second . Pierzynski flied out to center . Ryan homered to right , Ford scored . Guzman singled to center . Cuddyer at third base . Restovich grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guzman out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Radke pitching for Twins . Sanchez struck out swinging . Morris doubled to left . Higginson singled to left , Morris to third . Young popped out to first . Monroe singled to left , Morris scored , Higginson to second . Schmack pitching for Tigers . Hocking hit for Rivas . Pena grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Hocking singled to deep left center , Hocking out stretching at second . Morneau hit for Jones . Mientkiewicz grounded out to second . Hocking at first base . Prieto at second base . Bowen catching . Pulido pitching for Twins . Morneau flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Pulido pitching for Twins . Halter fouled out to first . Inge doubled to deep left center . Santiago grounded out to third . Sanchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Cuddyer singled to center . Ford flied out to center . Bowen grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cuddyer out at second . Gomez hit for Guzman . Ryan singled to right , Bowen to second . Gomez at shortstop . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ryan out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Pulido pitching for Twins . Morris singled to right . Higginson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Morris safe at second on error by first baseman Hocking . Young flied out to left . Monroe doubled to deep left , Morris scored , Higginson to third . Pena singled to right , Higginson and Monroe scored . Pena to second on wild pitch by Pulido . Halter flied out to left . Inge flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 8th . Restovich flied out to center . Hocking flied out to center . Rincon pitching for Twins . Prieto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Santiago walked . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Santiago out at second . Sanchez stole second . Romero pitching for Twins . Morris walked . Higginson walked , Sanchez to third , Morris to second . Young walked , Sanchez scored , Morris to third , Higginson to second . Monroe singled to shallow center , Morris scored , Higginson to third , Young to second . Pena singled to right , Higginson and Young scored , Monroe to third . Halter struck out looking . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pena out at second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Morneau doubled to deep right . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Ford flied out to right , Morneau to third . Orosco pitching for Twins . Bowen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Orosco pitching for Twins . Santiago flied out to right . Sanchez walked . Sanchez stole second . Sanchez stole third . Morris struck out swinging , Sanchez scored on wild pitch by Orosco . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 8 - Tigers 9 .	Tigers erase eight - run deficit to avoid 120th loss