Twins - Top 1st . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Span flied out to left . Hudson struck out swinging . Mauer tripled to deep left . Morneau walked . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Blackburn pitching for Twins . DeJesus doubled to deep left . Podsednik sacrificed to pitcher , DeJesus to third . Butler singled to right , DeJesus scored . Guillen doubled to deep left , Butler scored . Callaspo flied out to left . Ankiel walked . Kendall walked , Guillen to third , Ankiel to second . Gordon flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Kubel grounded out to second . Young grounded out to third . Hardy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Betancourt singled to right . DeJesus tripled to deep center , Betancourt scored . Podsednik hit sacrifice fly to left , DeJesus scored . Butler doubled to deep right . Guillen grounded out to shortstop , Butler to third . Callaspo flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Harris doubled to deep right . Span grounded out to first , Harris to third . Hudson grounded out to second , Harris scored . Mauer grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Ankiel doubled to right . Kendall grounded out to first , Ankiel to third . Gordon safe at first on error by second baseman Hudson , Ankiel scored . Gordon caught stealing second , catcher to second . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Top 4th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Morneau doubled to center . Cuddyer doubled to center , Morneau scored . Kubel safe at second on error by left fielder Podsednik , Cuddyer scored . Young struck out swinging . Hardy lined into double play , center to shortstop to second , Kubel doubled off second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 4th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . DeJesus reached on infield single to catcher . Podsednik grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeJesus out at second . Butler singled to left . Guillen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Harris struck out swinging . Span struck out swinging . Hudson doubled to right center . Mauer singled to center , Hudson scored . Morneau grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Callaspo singled to right . Ankiel grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Callaspo out at second . Kendall hit by pitch , Maier to second . Gordon singled to right , Maier to third , Kendall to second . Betancourt singled to left , Maier scored , Kendall to third , Gordon to second . DeJesus grounded into double play , first to catcher to first , Kendall out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Cuddyer reached on infield single to third . Kubel flied out to center . Young safe at first on error by third baseman Gordon , Cuddyer to second . Hardy struck out swinging . Harris grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 6th . Mahay pitching for Twins . Podsednik struck out swinging . Butler lined out to second . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Span grounded out to first . Hudson grounded out to first . Mauer doubled to deep left center . Morneau homered to center ( 431 feet ) , Mauer scored . Cuddyer walked . Kubel walked , Cuddyer to second . Young walked , Cuddyer to third , Kubel to second . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Crain pitching for Twins . Callaspo lined out to right . Maier popped out to second . Kendall grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Rupe pitching for Royals . Harris grounded out to shortstop . Span grounded out to second . Hudson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Crain pitching for Twins . Gordon popped out to shortstop . Betancourt singled to right . DeJesus walked , Betancourt to second . Podsednik lined into double play , to second , Betancourt doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Soria pitching for Royals . Mauer singled to center . Morneau popped out to second . Cuddyer struck out looking . Kubel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Butler popped out to second . Guillen popped out to second . Callaspo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 10th . Soria pitching for Royals . Young struck out swinging . Hardy flied out to center . Thome flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 10th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Maier grounded out to second . Kendall singled to left . Gordon singled to right , Kendall to third . Betancourt struck out swinging . DeJesus intentionally walked , Gordon to second . Podsednik flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 11th . Chen pitching for Royals . Span grounded out to third . Hudson safe at first on error by first baseman Butler . Mauer singled to center , Hudson to third . Morneau walked , Mauer to second . Cuddyer hit sacrifice fly to right , Hudson scored , Mauer to third . Kubel fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 11th . Rauch pitching for Twins . Butler singled to left . Guillen doubled to left , Bloomquist scored . Callaspo flied out to center , Pena to third . Maier flied out to left . Kendall walked . Gordon grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 12th . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Young doubled to deep left center . Hardy walked . Casilla reached on bunt single to third , Young to third , Hardy to second . Span singled to center , Young scored , Hardy to third , Casilla to second . Hudson popped out to shortstop . Mauer hit sacrifice fly to center , Hardy scored . Morneau lined out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 12th . Rauch pitching for Twins . Betancourt flied out to center . DeJesus flied out to right . Podsednik reached on infield single to third . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Podsednik out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 9 - Royals 7 .	Mauer 's 5 hits help Twins dump Royals in 12