Twins - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Span flied out to left . Hudson flied out to left . Mauer singled to left . Morneau homered to center ( 435 feet ) , Mauer scored . Cuddyer grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Slowey pitching for Twins . Cabrera grounded out to first . Sizemore struck out looking . Choo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Kubel reached on infield single to third . Young walked , Kubel to second . Hardy singled to center , Kubel to third , Young to second . Harris struck out swinging . Span grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kubel scored , Hardy out at second , Young to third . Span stole second . Hudson singled to center , Young and Span scored . Mauer grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Slowey pitching for Twins . Kearns struck out swinging . Hafner singled to center . Peralta singled to deep center , Hafner to third . LaPorta flied out to right . Valbuena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Morneau grounded out to second . Cuddyer singled to left . Kubel grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Cuddyer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Slowey pitching for Twins . Redmond struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to first . Sizemore singled to center . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Young walked . Young stole second . Hardy flied out to center . Harris grounded out to shortstop . Span grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Slowey pitching for Twins . Kearns grounded out to second . Hafner flied out to left . Peralta tripled to deep center . LaPorta grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Hudson singled to right . Mauer lined out to left . Hudson stole second . Morneau grounded out to second , Hudson to third . Cuddyer singled to left , Hudson scored . Cuddyer to second on wild pitch by Carmona . Kubel grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Slowey pitching for Twins . Valbuena flied out to left . Redmond doubled to deep right center . Cabrera singled to right , Redmond to third . Sizemore singled to center , Redmond scored , Cabrera to second . Choo struck out looking . Kearns singled to left , Cabrera scored , Sizemore to second . Hafner doubled to deep left , Sizemore scored , Kearns to third . Peralta flied out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hardy lined out to left . Harris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Crain pitching for Twins . LaPorta singled to left . Valbuena struck out looking . Redmond grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , LaPorta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Indians . Span walked . Hudson singled to center , Span to second . Mauer doubled to left , Span scored , Hudson to third , Hudson scored on error by left fielder Kearns . Morneau flied out to center . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Kubel popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 7th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Cabrera walked . Sizemore struck out swinging . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second . Kearns walked , Choo to second . Hafner flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Ambriz pitching for Indians . Young flied out to center . Hardy grounded out to third . Harris singled to right center . Span grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop . LaPorta walked , Peralta to second . Valbuena grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , LaPorta out at second , Peralta to third . Redmond flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Hudson walked . Mauer flied out to left . Morneau walked , Hudson to second . Cuddyer safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera , Hudson to third , Morneau to second . Kubel singled to left , Hudson scored , Morneau to third , Cuddyer to second . Young grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kubel out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 9th . Mahay pitching for Twins . Cabrera reached on infield single to third . Sizemore struck out swinging . Choo grounded out to second , Cabrera to second . Kearns grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 9 - Indians 3 .	Morneau homers in return ; Twins top Indians