Mariners - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Suzuki flied out to center . Beltre singled to center . Vidro lined out to left . Beltre caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ibanez batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Batista pitching for Mariners . Matthews popped out to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to center . Guerrero doubled to right center . Guerrero to third on wild pitch by Batista . Anderson doubled to left , Guerrero scored . Kotchman singled to right , Anderson scored . Hillenbrand struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Ibanez singled to right . Sexson lined into double play , to first , Ibanez doubled off first . Guillen doubled to deep left center . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Izturis grounded out to second . Napoli doubled to left . Aybar grounded out to first , Napoli to third . Matthews flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Betancourt doubled to left . Lopez lined into double play , first to shortstop , Betancourt doubled off second . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Guerrero singled to center . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guerrero out at second . Kotchman singled to center , Anderson to second . Hillenbrand singled to center , Anderson scored , Kotchman to third . Izturis doubled to right , Kotchman and Hillenbrand scored . Napoli struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Beltre flied out to center . Vidro walked . Ibanez flied out to left . Sexson walked , Vidro to second . Guillen reached on infield single to third , Vidro to third , Sexson to second . Johjima flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . Matthews grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Betancourt flied out to right . Lopez grounded out to first . Suzuki doubled to deep right center . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Guerrero homered to center . Anderson flied out to center . Kotchman grounded out to first . Hillenbrand safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt . Izturis flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Vidro singled to right . Ibanez struck out looking . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vidro out at second . Guillen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Napoli homered to left . Aybar flied out to center . Matthews walked . Cabrera flied out to left . Speier pitching for Angels . Guerrero flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Speier pitching for Angels . Johjima struck out swinging . Betancourt popped out to third . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Lopez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Anderson singled to center . Kotchman hit ground rule double to deep right , Anderson to third . Hillenbrand singled to shallow right center , Anderson scored , Kotchman to third . Quinlan ran for Hillenbrand . Izturis hit sacrifice fly to center , Kotchman scored . Napoli fouled out to first . Aybar singled to left center , Quinlan to second . Murphy in left field . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Matthews struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Suzuki popped out to second . Beltre walked . Vidro singled to right , Beltre to second . Ibanez doubled to deep center , Beltre and Vidro scored . Sexson grounded out to second , Ibanez to third . Ellison in left field . Broussard at first base . Guillen flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Cabrera walked . Guerrero flied out to center . Willits in right field . Morales at first base . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Johjima doubled to deep left . Betancourt singled to left , Johjima to third . Lopez singled to left , Johjima scored , Betancourt to second . Bloomquist flied out to left , Betancourt to third . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Beltre singled to left , Betancourt scored , Lopez to second . Vidro grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Beltre out at second , Lopez to third . Ellison struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 4 - Angels 8 .	Hail to a Hokie : Saunders shuts down Mariners