Royals - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Mariners . DeJesus singled to left center . Grudzielanek singled to left , DeJesus to second . Teahen singled to left , DeJesus scored , Grudzielanek to second . Sweeney singled to left , Grudzielanek to third , Teahen to second . Gload doubled to right , Grudzielanek and Teahen scored , Sweeney to third . Brown grounded out to shortstop , Sweeney scored . Gordon singled to left , Gload to third . Buck walked , Gordon to second . White pitching for Mariners . Pena singled to right , Gload and Gordon scored , Buck to third . DeJesus lined out to left . Grudzielanek grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pena out at second . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Meche pitching for Royals . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Beltre struck out looking . Vidro reached on infield single to shortstop . Ibanez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . White pitching for Mariners . Teahen walked . Sweeney hit by pitch , Teahen to second . Gload flied into double play , left to second to first , Sweeney doubled off first . Teahen stole third . Brown walked . Gordon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Meche pitching for Royals . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . Guillen walked . Johjima flied out to center . Betancourt singled to right , Guillen to third . Lopez safe at first on error by second baseman Grudzielanek , Guillen scored , Betancourt to second . Suzuki singled to center , Betancourt scored , Lopez to third . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 3rd . White pitching for Mariners . Buck hit by pitch . Pena struck out swinging . DeJesus fouled out to left . Grudzielanek doubled to deep right , Buck scored . Teahen flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Meche pitching for Royals . Vidro singled to left . Ibanez singled to right , Vidro to second . Sexson struck out looking . Guillen grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ibanez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . White pitching for Mariners . Sweeney singled to center . Gload flied out to left . Brown walked , Sweeney to second . Gordon walked , Sweeney to third , Brown to second . Buck hit sacrifice fly to left , Sweeney scored . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gordon out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Meche pitching for Royals . Johjima flied out to center . Betancourt singled to center . Lopez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Pena , Betancourt to third . Suzuki grounded out to second , Betancourt scored , Lopez to third . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Beltre struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 5th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . DeJesus grounded out to first . Grudzielanek singled to center . Teahen grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Grudzielanek out at second . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Teahen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Meche pitching for Royals . Vidro singled to center . Ibanez struck out swinging . Sexson fouled out to third . Guillen singled to right , Vidro to second . Johjima walked , Vidro to third , Guillen to second . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johjima out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Gload grounded out to second . Brown grounded out to second . Gordon hit by pitch . Buck singled to right , Gordon to third . Pena flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Meche pitching for Royals . Lopez doubled to deep left . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Beltre struck out swinging . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Vidro lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . DeJesus fouled out to catcher . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Teahen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Ibanez singled to center . Sexson flied out to left . Guillen reached on infield single to shortstop , Ibanez to second . Johjima grounded into double play , third to first , Ibanez out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Sweeney popped out to first . Gload grounded out to first . Brown singled to center . Brown to second on fielder 's indifference . Gordon walked . Buck grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Betancourt lined out to left . Lopez grounded out to third . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Pena grounded out to shortstop . DeJesus flied out to right . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Vidro grounded out to second . Ibanez singled to center . Ibanez to second on fielder 's indifference . Sexson lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 8 - Mariners 3 .	Weaver struggles again in Mariners ' loss to Royals