Mariners - Top 1st . Igawa pitching for Yankees . Suzuki flied out to left . Beltre hit ground rule double to left . Vidro flied out to center , Beltre to third . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Damon singled to right . Jeter flied out to center . Abreu hit ground rule double to deep center , Damon to third . Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop , Damon scored , Abreu to third . Matsui walked , Rodriguez to second . Posada singled to right , Abreu and Rodriguez scored , Matsui to second , Matsui to third advancing on throw . Cano doubled to right , Matsui scored , Posada to third . Cabrera reached on infield single to third , Posada scored , Cano to third . Mientkiewicz popped out to shortstop . Damon flied out to left . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Igawa pitching for Yankees . Sexson grounded out to catcher . Guillen struck out swinging . Johjima homered to left . Betancourt flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Abreu struck out looking . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Igawa pitching for Yankees . Lopez popped out to second . Suzuki reached on infield single to first . Beltre homered to left , Suzuki scored . Vidro flied out to left . Ibanez fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Matsui homered to right . Posada walked . Cano struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Posada out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Igawa pitching for Yankees . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . Guillen doubled to left . Johjima struck out swinging . Betancourt doubled to left , Guillen scored . Lopez homered to left , Betancourt scored . Suzuki walked . Beltre flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Mientkiewicz singled to left . Damon struck out swinging . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Jeter lined out to right . Abreu reached on infield single to second , Mientkiewicz to second . Rodriguez doubled to left , Mientkiewicz and Abreu scored . Matsui walked , Rodriguez to third on passed ball . Matsui batting . Posada struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Igawa pitching for Yankees . Vidro singled to center . Bean pitching for Yankees . Ibanez singled to center , Vidro to second . Sexson walked , Vidro to third , Ibanez to second . Guillen walked , Vidro scored , Ibanez to third , Sexson to second . Johjima singled to right , Ibanez scored , Sexson to third , Guillen to second . Betancourt doubled to deep center , Sexson and Guillen scored , Johjima to third . Lopez singled to center , Johjima and Betancourt scored . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Suzuki reached on infield single to first , Lopez to second . Beltre flied out to center . Vidro singled to right , Lopez to third , Suzuki to second . Ibanez singled to right , Lopez and Suzuki scored , Vidro to second . Sexson struck out swinging . Guillen flied out to center . 8 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Cano flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to second . Mientkiewicz walked . Damon singled to center , Mientkiewicz to second . Myers pitching for Yankees . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Damon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Johjima doubled to left . Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop . Lopez grounded into double play , third to first , Johjima out at third , Betancourt to second . Suzuki walked . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Abreu singled to center . Rodriguez grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Abreu out at second . Matsui grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Vidro flied out to center . Ibanez singled to left . Sexson doubled to deep center , Ibanez scored . Guillen hit by pitch . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Johjima grounded into double play , third to second to first , Guillen out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Posada reached on infield single to shortstop . Cano flied out to center . Phelps hit for Mientkiewicz . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Posada out at second . Phelps singled to left , Cabrera to second . Damon homered to right , Cabrera and Phelps scored . Phelps at first base . Jeter struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Lopez grounded out to third . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Abreu flied out to center . Rodriguez flied out to center . Matsui grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Beltre grounded out to first . Vidro grounded out to third . Ibanez singled to center . Ellison in right field . Sexson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Posada grounded out to first . Cano walked . Giambi hit for Phelps . Putz pitching for Mariners . Cabrera walked , Cano to second . Cairo ran for Giambi . Giambi singled to right , Cano to third , Cabrera to second . Damon popped out to first . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 15 - Yankees 11 .	Yankees fail to hold 5 - run lead as Igawa implodes