Mariners - Top 1st . Young pitching for Padres . Suzuki fouled out to first . Lopez grounded out to third . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Giles walked . Cruz Jr grounded out to pitcher , Giles to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Bard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Young pitching for Padres . Ibanez popped out to second . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Cameron singled to left center . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Greene singled to right , Cameron to third . Sledge struck out swinging , Greene stole second . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Young pitching for Padres . Burke reached on infield single to pitcher . Bloomquist singled to right , Burke to third . Hernandez reached on bunt single to pitcher , Burke scored , Bloomquist to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernandez out at second , Bloomquist to third . Suzuki stole second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bloomquist out at home , Suzuki to third , Lopez to second . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Giles grounded out to shortstop . Cruz Jr singled to center . Gonzalez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Cruz Jr out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Young pitching for Padres . Ibanez grounded out to second . Sexson struck out swinging . Betancourt fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Bard grounded out to first . Cameron homered to left center . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . Greene singled to left . Sledge homered to left center , Greene scored . Young struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Young pitching for Padres . Burke singled to center . Bloomquist grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Burke out at second . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Giles fouled out to first . Cruz Jr struck out looking . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Young pitching for Padres . Suzuki walked . Suzuki to second on balk by Young . Lopez flied out to right . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Bard struck out looking . Cameron flied out to right . Kouzmanoff singled to right . Greene flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Young pitching for Padres . Sexson singled to center . Betancourt popped out to shortstop . Burke singled to left center , Sexson to second . Broussard hit for Hernandez . Bloomquist flied out to right . Broussard hit by pitch , Sexson to third , Burke to second . Meredith pitching for Padres . Suzuki singled to center , Sexson and Burke scored , Broussard to second . Reitsma pitching for Mariners . Lopez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Branyan hit for Meredith . Reitsma pitching for Mariners . Sledge struck out looking . Branyan popped out to second . Bell pitching for Padres . Giles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Bell pitching for Padres . Guillen singled to center . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guillen out at second . Sexson walked , Ibanez to second . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sexson out at second , Ibanez to third . Batista pitching for Mariners . Burke popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Cruz Jr doubled to deep right center . Gonzalez popped out to second . Bard struck out looking . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Cameron fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Vidro hit for Batista . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Bloomquist safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Kouzmanoff . Vidro sacrificed to pitcher , Bloomquist to second . Suzuki intentionally walked . Bloomquist stole third . Lopez grounded out to second , Bloomquist scored , Suzuki to second . Putz pitching for Mariners . Guillen flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Greene struck out looking . Sledge popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 4 - Padres 3 .	M 's touch up Hoffman , complete sweep of Padres