Blue Jays - Top 1st . Batista pitching for Mariners . Rios struck out swinging . Zaun grounded out to first . Wells flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki reached on bunt single to first . Suzuki stole second . Vidro struck out swinging . Guillen grounded out to shortstop , Suzuki to third . Sexson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Glaus singled to center . Thomas walked , Glaus to second . Stairs grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Thomas out at second , Glaus to third . Hill grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Stairs out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Broussard reached on infield single to pitcher . Johjima grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Broussard out at second . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johjima out at second . Beltre stole second . Betancourt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Lind flied out to left . McDonald singled to right . Rios grounded out to pitcher , McDonald to second . Zaun grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Bloomquist grounded out to second . Suzuki singled to right . Vidro struck out swinging . Guillen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Wells flied out to right . Glaus walked . Thomas flied out to center . Stairs singled to right , Glaus to second . Hill grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Sexson flied out to left . Broussard singled to center . Johjima struck out swinging . Beltre grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Lind singled to center . McDonald bunt popped out foul to catcher . Rios struck out looking . Zaun grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Betancourt singled to right center . Bloomquist sacrificed to pitcher , Betancourt to second . Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher , Betancourt to third . Vidro hit sacrifice fly to left , Betancourt scored . Guillen flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Wells walked . Wells to second on wild pitch by Batista . Glaus fouled out to right , Wells to third . Thomas hit sacrifice fly to center , Wells scored . Stairs walked . Hill lined out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Sexson grounded out to second . Broussard singled to left . Johjima grounded out to third , Broussard to second . Beltre singled to center , Broussard scored . Beltre to second on wild pitch by Halladay . Betancourt singled to left , Beltre scored . Bloomquist singled to shallow right , Betancourt to third . Suzuki fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Lind flied out to center . Clark hit for McDonald . Clark singled to right . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Rios walked , Clark to second . Green pitching for Mariners . Clayton at shortstop . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Zaun grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Rios out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Vidro singled to left . Guillen walked , Vidro to second . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Sexson hit ground rule double to deep right , Vidro scored , Guillen to third . Ellison ran for Broussard . Broussard singled to center , Guillen and Sexson scored . Johjima walked , Ellison to second . Beltre grounded out to first , Ellison to third , Johjima to second . Betancourt hit sacrifice fly to left , Ellison scored . Bloomquist singled to right center , Johjima scored . Ellison in left field . Suzuki lined out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Green pitching for Mariners . Wells doubled to deep center . Glaus flied out to right , Wells to third . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Thomas singled to left , Wells scored . Stairs flied out to center . Thigpen catching . Hill grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Vidro lined out to left . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Sexson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Lind lined out to third . Clayton lined out to third . Rios doubled to right , Rios to third on throwing error by second baseman Bloomquist . Thigpen singled to center , Rios scored . Thigpen to second on fielder 's indifference . Wells grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 3 - Mariners 8 .	Seattle roughs up Halladay as win streak hits seven