Orioles - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Roberts grounded out to second . Patterson singled to right . Markakis singled to center , Patterson to third . Millar walked , Markakis to second . Huff grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Millar out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Suzuki grounded out to second . Vidro doubled to deep center . Ibanez struck out looking . Guillen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hernandez singled to right . Gibbons lined out to shortstop . Gomez struck out swinging . Hernandez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Beltre flied out to center . Sexson walked . Johjima fouled out to third . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hernandez singled to center . Roberts struck out looking . Patterson bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hernandez out at second . Patterson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Markakis batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Betancourt reached on infield single to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Betancourt out at second . Suzuki stole second , Suzuki safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hernandez . Vidro doubled to left center , Suzuki scored . Ibanez intentionally walked . Guillen struck out looking . Beltre grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Markakis singled to left . Millar struck out looking . Huff struck out looking . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Sexson struck out swinging . Johjima homered to left . Lopez singled to left . Lopez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Betancourt safe at first on error by third baseman Gomez . Suzuki grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Gibbons grounded out to first . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez singled to right . Roberts walked , Hernandez to second . Patterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Vidro singled to center . Ibanez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Vidro out at second . Guillen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Markakis doubled to deep right center . Millar fouled out to third . Huff walked . Hernandez flied out to right . Gibbons homered to right , Markakis and Huff scored . Gomez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Beltre grounded out to third . Sexson walked . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Johjima grounded into double play , third to second to first , Sexson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Hernandez walked . Roberts doubled to deep center , Hernandez scored . Patterson reached on bunt single to second , Roberts to third . Markakis singled to center , Roberts scored , Patterson to second . Millar flied out to left . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Huff walked , Patterson to third , Markakis to second . Hernandez struck out swinging . Payton ran for Gibbons . Gibbons singled to center , Patterson and Markakis scored , Huff to second . Gomez singled to right , Huff scored , Payton to third . Payton in left field . Shuey pitching for Orioles . Hernandez flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Shuey pitching for Orioles . Lopez popped out to shortstop . Walker pitching for Orioles . Betancourt doubled to left . Suzuki singled to center , Betancourt scored . Vidro flied out to left . Ibanez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Roberts walked . Patterson flied out to right . Markakis struck out looking . Bradford pitching for Orioles . Millar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Bradford pitching for Orioles . Guillen walked . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Guillen out at second . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Sexson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Huff fouled out to third . Hernandez struck out swinging . Payton walked . Gomez singled to center , Payton to second . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Bradford pitching for Orioles . Johjima grounded out to third . Broussard hit for Betancourt . Lopez popped out to second . Broussard grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 8 - Mariners 3 .	Orioles let bats do talking in 14 - hit win over M 's