Mariners - Top 1st . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Suzuki reached on infield single to third . Vidro singled to right , Suzuki to third . Guillen hit by pitch , Vidro to second . Ibanez singled to right , Suzuki scored , Vidro to third , Guillen to second . Beltre grounded out to shortstop , Vidro scored , Guillen to third , Ibanez to second . Broussard grounded out to second , Guillen scored , Ibanez to third . Jones grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Roberts walked . Patterson flied into double play , left to first , Roberts doubled off first . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Burke struck out swinging . Betancourt grounded out to second . Suzuki lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Tejada fouled out to first . Millar struck out looking . Huff grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Vidro grounded out to second . Guillen homered to left . Ibanez walked . Beltre struck out swinging . Broussard struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Hernandez singled to left . Gibbons flied out to right . Payton flied out to right . Roberts singled to right , Hernandez to second . Patterson singled to right center , Hernandez scored , Roberts to second . Roberts stole third . Patterson stole second . Markakis walked . Tejada homered to left , Roberts , Patterson and Markakis scored . Millar lined out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Jones doubled to deep left . Burke grounded out to shortstop , Jones to third . Betancourt singled to left center , Jones scored . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Betancourt out at second . Vidro flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Huff struck out looking . Hernandez struck out looking . Gibbons struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Guillen flied out to left . Ibanez flied out to left . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Payton walked . Roberts bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Payton out at second . Roberts stole second . Patterson grounded out to shortstop . Markakis walked . Tejada grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Broussard grounded out to shortstop . Jones singled to center . Burke safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada , Jones to second . Betancourt singled to right , Jones scored , Burke to third . Walker pitching for Orioles . Suzuki singled to shallow left , Burke scored , Betancourt to second . Vidro doubled to deep right , Betancourt scored , Suzuki to third . Guillen intentionally walked . Ibanez singled to right , Suzuki scored , Vidro to third , Guillen to second . Beltre hit sacrifice fly to center , Vidro scored . Broussard popped out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Millar walked . Huff singled to left , Millar to second . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Hernandez hit by pitch , Millar to third , Huff to second . Gibbons hit sacrifice fly to center , Millar scored , Huff to third , Hernandez to second . Payton walked . Roberts hit sacrifice fly to center , Huff scored . Patterson popped out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Burres pitching for Orioles . Jones walked . Burke sacrificed to pitcher , Jones to second . Betancourt doubled to deep left , Jones scored . Betancourt caught stealing third , catcher to third . Suzuki out on batter 's interference to pitcher . Suzuki batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Markakis tripled to deep center . Green pitching for Mariners . Tejada grounded out to shortstop , Markakis scored . Millar struck out swinging . Huff grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Burres pitching for Orioles . Vidro flied out to right . Guillen flied out to left . Ibanez walked . Beltre flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Lopez at second base . Green pitching for Mariners . Hernandez struck out swinging . Gibbons singled to left . Redman hit for Payton . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Mora hit for Redman . Mora struck out swinging . Roberts walked , Gibbons to second . Patterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Fahey in left field . Baez pitching for Orioles . Broussard singled to left . Jones singled to center , Broussard to third . Burke hit by pitch , Jones to second . Betancourt flied out to center . Suzuki singled to left , Broussard and Jones scored , Burke to second . Lopez grounded out to shortstop , Burke to third , Suzuki to second . Guillen walked . Birkins pitching for Orioles . Bloomquist ran for Guillen . Ibanez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Bloomquist in right field . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Markakis doubled to deep right . Tejada flied out to right , Markakis to third . Millar fouled out to first . Huff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 13 - Orioles 8 .	Surging M 's outslug Orioles