Mariners - Top 1st . Baker pitching for Twins . Suzuki flied out to right . Vidro singled to center . Guillen struck out swinging . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Casilla grounded out to second . Mauer struck out swinging . Hunter lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Baker pitching for Twins . Beltre homered to center . Sexson homered to left center . Johjima grounded out to third . Lopez doubled to center . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop , Lopez to third . Suzuki grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Morneau lined out to center . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Kubel fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Baker pitching for Twins . Vidro singled to left center . Guillen singled to left , Vidro to second . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guillen out at second , Vidro to third . Beltre flied out to right . Sexson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Watkins walked . Jones fouled out to catcher . Punto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Watkins out at second . Punto caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Casilla batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Baker pitching for Twins . Johjima grounded out to third . Lopez singled to center . Betancourt flied out to right . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop , Lopez to second . Vidro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Casilla doubled to left . Mauer flied out to left . Hunter struck out swinging . Casilla caught stealing third , catcher to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Baker pitching for Twins . Guillen doubled to deep right . Ibanez singled to center , Guillen to third . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guillen out at home , Ibanez to second . Sexson walked , Ibanez to third , Beltre to second . Johjima grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sexson out at second . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Morneau grounded out to third . Cuddyer hit by pitch . Kubel struck out looking . Watkins singled to left , Cuddyer to second . Jones popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Baker pitching for Twins . Lopez flied out to left . Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Betancourt out at second . Vidro doubled to deep right , Suzuki scored . Guillen popped out to second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Punto grounded out to shortstop . Casilla singled to right . Mauer walked , Casilla to second . Hunter singled to left , Casilla to third , Mauer to second . Morneau fouled out to third . Cuddyer singled to center , Casilla and Mauer scored , Hunter to third . Kubel grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Baker pitching for Twins . Ibanez popped out to shortstop . Beltre grounded out to second . Sexson singled to left . Johjima singled to center , Sexson to second . Rincon pitching for Twins . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johjima out at second . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Watkins popped out to second . Jones flied out to right . Punto lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Betancourt grounded out to second . Suzuki singled to right . Suzuki stole second . Vidro walked , Suzuki to third on passed ball . Vidro batting . Guillen hit by pitch , Vidro to second . Reyes pitching for Twins . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki scored , Guillen out at second , Vidro to third , Vidro scored on throwing error by shortstop Punto . Neshek pitching for Twins . Jones ran for Ibanez . Beltre doubled to deep right , Jones scored . Sexson walked . Johjima singled to center , Beltre scored , Sexson to third . Lopez flied out to center . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Jones in left field . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Casilla flied out to left . Mauer flied out to left . Hunter walked . Morneau singled to deep right , Hunter to third . Cuddyer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki singled to center . Vidro grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Kubel struck out looking . Watkins grounded out to shortstop . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 7 - Twins 2 .	Beltre , Sexson go back - to - back as M 's win