Mariners - Top 1st . Wang pitching for Yankees . Suzuki grounded out to second . Vidro grounded out to second . Guillen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Jeter lined out to first . Abreu doubled to deep left center . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Ibanez singled to center . Beltre grounded out to third , Ibanez to second . Broussard grounded out to second , Ibanez to third . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Posada homered to left . Matsui struck out swinging . Duncan grounded out to third . Cano reached on infield single to first . Betemit singled to center , Cano to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Betemit out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Lopez lined out to right . Betancourt grounded out to third . Suzuki lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Jeter grounded out to pitcher . Abreu singled to left . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Vidro grounded out to pitcher . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Posada singled to right . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Posada out at second . Duncan struck out swinging . Matsui caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Beltre walked . Broussard walked , Beltre to second . Johjima singled to left , Beltre thrown out at home , Broussard to second . Lopez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Johjima out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Cano singled to center . Betemit sacrificed to catcher , Cano to second . Cabrera grounded out to second , Cano to third . Jeter flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Betancourt flied out to center . Suzuki singled to center . Vidro singled to left , Suzuki to second . Guillen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vidro out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Abreu flied out to center . Rodriguez homered to left . Posada walked . Matsui reached first base on catcher 's interference , Posada to second . Matsui batting . Duncan struck out swinging . Cano singled to center , Posada scored , Matsui to third . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Betemit singled to center , Matsui scored , Cano to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Mientkiewicz at first base . Wang pitching for Yankees . Ibanez grounded out to pitcher . Beltre homered to left . Broussard walked . Johjima grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Broussard out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Jeter flied out to right . Abreu homered to right . Rodriguez singled to left . Posada singled to left center , Rodriguez to third . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Matsui walked , Posada to second . Duncan singled to left , Rodriguez and Posada scored , Matsui to second . Damon ran for Matsui . Cano doubled to deep right center , Damon and Duncan scored . Parrish pitching for Mariners . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right , Cano scored , Cabrera to second advancing on throw . Jeter singled to center , Cabrera scored . Abreu singled to center , Jeter to second . Gonzalez hit for Rodriguez . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second . 7 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Gonzalez at third base . Damon in left field . Reed hit for Lopez . Wang pitching for Yankees . Reed grounded out to second . Clement hit for Betancourt . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Clement struck out swinging . Jones hit for Suzuki . Jones walked . Jimerson hit for Vidro . Jimerson reached on infield single to third , Jones to second . Balentien hit for Guillen . Balentien doubled to deep left center , Jones and Jimerson scored . Green hit for Ibanez . Britton pitching for Yankees . Green grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . White pitching for Mariners . Posada batting . Damon batting . Duncan batting . Cano grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Britton pitching for Yankees . Morse reached on infield single to shortstop . Broussard fouled out to left . Johnson flied out to center . Reed popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Yankees 12 .	Yankees go long to down M 's