Devil Rays - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Harris grounded out to second . Norton grounded out to first . Pena doubled to deep right . Upton singled to center , Pena scored . Upton stole second . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Suzuki struck out swinging . Beltre grounded out to pitcher . Ibanez singled to left center . Guillen singled to right , Ibanez to second . Broussard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Gomes flied out to center . Casanova singled to center . Guzman singled to left , Casanova to second . Velandia singled to center , Casanova to third , Guzman to second . Harris singled to left center , Casanova scored , Guzman to third , Velandia to second . Norton walked , Guzman scored , Velandia to third , Harris to second . Pena walked , Velandia scored , Harris to third , Norton to second . White pitching for Mariners . Upton walked , Harris scored , Norton to third , Pena to second . Young grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Norton out at home . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Vidro flied out to right . Johjima struck out swinging . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . White pitching for Mariners . Gomes safe at first on error by second baseman Bloomquist . Gomes caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Casanova flied out to left . Guzman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Betancourt lined out to center . Suzuki singled to center . Beltre grounded out to first , Suzuki to second . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . White pitching for Mariners . Velandia doubled to deep left . Harris struck out swinging . Norton walked . Pena walked , Velandia to third , Norton to second . Upton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Guillen struck out looking . Broussard flied out to center . Vidro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . White pitching for Mariners . Young grounded out to second . Gomes struck out swinging . Casanova grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Johjima hit ground rule double to deep left . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop , Johjima to third . Betancourt popped out to second . Suzuki singled to shallow left , Johjima scored . Beltre lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . White pitching for Mariners . Guzman doubled to deep right . Velandia grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Guzman out at third . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Velandia out at second . Norton homered to right , Harris scored . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Pena grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Ibanez lined out to second . Guillen struck out swinging . Broussard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Upton singled to center . Upton caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Young struck out swinging . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Balfour pitching for Devil Rays . Vidro walked . Johjima struck out looking . Vidro to second on passed ball by Casanova . Bloomquist walked . Betancourt hit ground rule double to deep right , Vidro scored , Bloomquist to third . Suzuki singled to left , Bloomquist scored , Betancourt to third . Dohmann pitching for Devil Rays . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Suzuki out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Casanova struck out swinging . Guzman struck out swinging . Velandia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Dohmann pitching for Devil Rays . Ibanez walked . Guillen walked , Ibanez to second . Wheeler pitching for Devil Rays . Broussard singled to center , Ibanez to third , Guillen to second . Vidro grounded into double play , second to first , Ibanez scored , Broussard out at second , Guillen to third . Johjima singled to right center , Guillen scored . Reed hit for Bloomquist . Reed singled to right , Johjima to second . Lopez ran for Johjima . Betancourt doubled to deep left , Lopez and Reed scored . Suzuki intentionally walked . Beltre singled to left , Betancourt scored , Suzuki to second . Ibanez struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Burke catching . Lopez at second base . Jones in left field . Putz pitching for Mariners . Harris flied out to center . Norton grounded out to third . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 7 - Mariners 8 .	Beltre 's hit caps 5 - run rally as M 's clip D - Rays