Nationals - Top 1st. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Harris singled to right. Guzman flied out to right. Zimmerman flied out to right. Harris caught stealing second, catcher to second. Willingham batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Lopez grounded out to second. Ludwick struck out swinging. Holliday walked. Pujols singled to center, Holliday to second. Rasmus singled to right, Holliday scored, Pujols to second. Freese tripled to deep right, Pujols and Rasmus scored. Molina singled to right, Freese scored. Molina stole second. Schumaker grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Willingham walked. Rodriguez lined out to right. Kennedy lined out to left. Desmond singled to right, Willingham to second. Bernadina grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Lohse lined out to second. Lopez struck out swinging. Ludwick doubled to right. Holliday grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Stammen struck out swinging. Harris grounded out to first. Guzman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Pujols singled to center. Rasmus struck out swinging. Freese grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Willingham struck out swinging. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Molina flied out to right. Schumaker grounded out to first. Lohse grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Kennedy singled to center. Desmond singled to center, Kennedy to second. Bernadina reached on infield single to second, Kennedy to third, Desmond to second, Kennedy scored, Desmond to third, Bernadina to second on throwing error by second baseman Schumaker. Stammen struck out looking. Harris grounded out to second, Desmond scored, Bernadina to third. Guzman grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Ludwick flied out to center. Holliday flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman flied out to right. Willingham fouled out to first. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Pujols walked. Rasmus flied out to center. Freese struck out looking. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Kennedy safe at first on error by second baseman Schumaker. Desmond singled to right, Kennedy to second. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Bernadina sacrificed to third, Kennedy to third, Desmond to second. Morse hit for Stammen. Morse popped out to second. Gonzalez hit for Harris. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Dunn hit for Gonzalez. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Morse in right field. Schumaker walked. Motte struck out swinging. Storen pitching for Nationals. Lopez fouled out to left. Ludwick hit by pitch, Schumaker to second. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Guzman flied out to center. Zimmerman flied out to right. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Capps pitching for Nationals. Pujols reached on infield single to shortstop. Rasmus singled to center, Pujols to second. Freese sacrificed to first, Pujols to third, Rasmus to second. Molina grounded out to second, Pujols scored, Rasmus to third. Schumaker singled to center, Rasmus scored. Stavinoha hit for McClellan. Stavinoha grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Kennedy doubled to deep right. Desmond singled to left, Kennedy to third. Bernadina struck out swinging. Desmond to second on fielder's indifference. Morse grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 2 - Cardinals 6.	Pujols, Cardinals clean up against Nationals