Angels - Top 1st. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Aybar flied out to right. Kendrick flied out to right. Abreu grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Lopez flied out to right. Ludwick lined out to right. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Hunter walked. Morales doubled to deep right center, Hunter scored. Matsui flied out to right. Napoli fouled out to third. Frandsen flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Holliday homered to left (427 feet). Freese walked. Rasmus walked, Freese to second. LaRue flied out to right, Freese to third. Ryan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freese scored, Rasmus out at second. Lohse struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Kazmir grounded out to third. Aybar reached on bunt single to pitcher, Aybar to third on throwing error by pitcher Lohse. Kendrick walked. Abreu walked, Kendrick to second. Hunter singled to left, Aybar and Kendrick scored, Abreu to second. Morales doubled to deep center, Abreu scored, Hunter to third. Matsui singled to right, Hunter and Morales scored. Napoli grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Matsui out at second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Lopez grounded out to second. Ludwick flied out to right. Pujols flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Frandsen hit ground rule double to deep right. Kazmir struck out swinging. Aybar singled to center, Frandsen to third. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Kendrick popped out to first. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Holliday flied out to right. Freese grounded out to shortstop. Rasmus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Hunter flied out to left. Morales singled to center. Matsui struck out swinging. Napoli homered to left (415 feet), Morales scored. Frandsen doubled to deep left. Kazmir grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Kazmir pitching for Angels. LaRue popped out to shortstop. Ryan struck out swinging. Wainwright hit for Miller. Wainwright grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Aybar struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded out to second. Abreu walked. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Lopez struck out looking. Ludwick struck out swinging. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Mather in right field. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Morales flied out to left. Matsui popped out to shortstop. Napoli popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Willits in left field. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Holliday grounded out to first. Freese flied out to left. Stavinoha hit for Rasmus. Stavinoha walked. LaRue singled to right, Stavinoha to second, Stavinoha scored on error by right fielder Abreu. Ryan singled to right, LaRue to third. Ryan stole second. Walters struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 8th. Mather in center field. Stavinoha in right field. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Frandsen singled to left. Ryan hit for Kazmir. Ryan grounded out to first, Frandsen to second. Aybar struck out swinging. Kendrick doubled to deep right center, Frandsen scored. Abreu singled to left, Kendrick scored. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Cassevah pitching for Angels. Willits in right field. Ryan in left field. Lopez grounded out to second. Mather doubled to deep center. Pujols flied out to left. Holliday doubled to deep center, Mather scored. Freese grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Jay in left field. Molina at first base. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Morales walked. Willits popped out to first. Napoli grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Morales out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Cassevah pitching for Angels. Stavinoha safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar. LaRue fouled out to first. Ryan doubled to right, Stavinoha to third. Schumaker hit for Walters. Schumaker singled to left, Stavinoha scored, Ryan to third. Rodney pitching for Angels. Rodney pitching for Angels. Rodney pitching for Angels. Rodney pitching for Angels. Rodney pitching for Angels. Lopez singled to right, Ryan scored, Schumaker to second, Schumaker scored, Lopez to third on error by right fielder Willits. Rodney pitching for Angels. Rodney pitching for Angels. Rodney pitching for Angels. Rodney pitching for Angels. Rodney pitching for Angels. Lopez singled to right, Ryan scored, Schumaker to second, Schumaker scored, Lopez to third on error by right fielder Willits. Rodney pitching for Angels. Rodney pitching for Angels. Rodney pitching for Angels. Rodney pitching for Angels. Rodney pitching for Angels. Lopez singled to right, Ryan scored, Schumaker to second, Schumaker scored, Lopez to third on error by right fielder Willits. Mather popped out to first. Jay struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Cardinals 7.	Angels' Kazmir thwarts Cards