Reds - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera flied out to right. Cairo grounded out to shortstop. Phillips singled to left. Rolen singled to center, Phillips to third, Rolen to second advancing on throw. Gomes singled to left, Phillips and Rolen scored. Bruce flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Lopez struck out swinging. Ludwick doubled to deep center. Pujols intentionally walked. Holliday popped out to second. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Stubbs struck out swinging. Hernandez walked. Arroyo struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Rasmus doubled to deep left. Molina grounded out to shortstop, Rasmus to third. Schumaker hit sacrifice fly to right, Rasmus scored. Garcia singled to center. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Cairo singled to center. Phillips grounded out to pitcher, Cairo to second. Rolen grounded out to first, Cairo to third. Gomes intentionally walked. Bruce flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Ludwick flied out to right. Pujols singled to left center. Holliday walked, Pujols to second. Freese grounded out to third, Pujols to third, Holliday to second. Rasmus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Stubbs safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Freese. Hernandez grounded out to pitcher, Stubbs to second. Arroyo singled to left center, Stubbs to third. Cabrera singled to left, Stubbs scored, Arroyo to second. Cairo grounded into double play, third to first, Arroyo out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Molina flied out to right. Schumaker grounded out to second. Garcia walked. Lopez singled to right, Garcia to third. Ludwick singled to right, Garcia scored, Lopez to third, Ludwick to second advancing on throw. Pujols intentionally walked. Holliday doubled to left, Lopez and Ludwick scored, Pujols to third. Freese flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Phillips singled to left. Rolen struck out looking. Gomes flied out to left. Bruce grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Rasmus walked. Molina grounded out to shortstop, Rasmus to second. Schumaker singled to right, Rasmus scored. Garcia singled to right, Schumaker to third. Lopez doubled to deep right center, Schumaker and Garcia scored. Fisher pitching for Reds. Ludwick walked. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ludwick out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Stubbs walked. Hernandez struck out swinging. Fisher struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stubbs out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Fisher pitching for Reds. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Freese doubled to left. Rasmus singled to right, Freese scored. Rasmus to second on wild pitch by Fisher. Molina walked. Schumaker walked, Rasmus to third, Molina to second. Lincoln pitching for Reds. Jay hit for Garcia. Jay hit ground rule double to right, Rasmus and Molina scored, Schumaker to third. Lopez walked. Ludwick hit sacrifice fly to center, Schumaker scored. Pujols singled to center, Jay scored, Lopez to third, Pujols to second on error by center fielder Stubbs. Holliday flied out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 7th. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Cairo grounded out to second. Phillips grounded out to third. Rolen singled to center. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rolen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Lincoln pitching for Reds. Freese singled to center. Rasmus popped out to third. Molina singled to left, Freese to second. Schumaker walked, Freese to third, Molina to second. Stavinoha hit for Hawksworth. Stavinoha grounded into double play, third to second to first, Schumaker out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Ryan at shortstop. Craig at first base. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Stavinoha in left field. Bruce struck out looking. Stubbs tripled to deep center. Hernandez grounded out to second, Stubbs scored. Miller hit for Lincoln. Miller flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Cairo at third base. Herrera pitching for Reds. Hernandez at first base. Miller catching. Ryan flied out to right. Ludwick flied out to right. Craig grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Craig in right field. LaRue catching. Molina at first base. Cabrera flied out to center. Cairo grounded out to shortstop. Nix hit for Phillips. Nix flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 4 - Cardinals 12.	Cards tie up NL Central