Cardinals - Top 1st. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Lopez flied out to left. Ryan lined out to second. Pujols grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Furcal singled to left center. Furcal stole second. Kemp singled to deep left center, Furcal scored. Kemp to second on wild pitch by Hawksworth. Ethier singled to left, Kemp to third. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kemp scored, Ethier out at second. Loney walked. Belliard struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Holliday flied out to right. Ludwick homered to left (409 feet). Winn flied out to center. Schumaker grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. DeWitt struck out looking. Ellis struck out looking. Monasterios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. LaRue flied out to left. Hawksworth popped out to second. Lopez doubled to deep left center. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. Kemp walked. Ethier grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Kemp out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Pujols flied out to center. Holliday popped out to second. Ludwick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez doubled to deep right. Loney grounded out to second, Ramirez to third. Belliard walked. DeWitt singled to center, Ramirez scored, Belliard to third. Ellis reached on bunt single to shortstop, Belliard scored, DeWitt to second. Monasterios sacrificed to pitcher, DeWitt to third, Ellis to second. Furcal hit ground rule double to deep right, DeWitt and Ellis scored. Kemp struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Winn walked. Winn stole second. Schumaker walked. LaRue grounded into double play, third to first, Winn out at third, Schumaker to second. Freese hit for Hawksworth. Freese flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Ethier walked. Ramirez grounded out to third, Ethier to second. Loney walked, Ethier to third on passed ball. Loney batting. Belliard singled to right, Ethier scored, Loney to third. Belliard stole second. DeWitt homered to right (363 feet), Loney and Belliard scored. Ellis fouled out to third. Monasterios grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Lopez walked. Ryan lined out to right. Pujols fouled out to third. Holliday grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Ethier struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Johnson in left field. Monasterios pitching for Dodgers. Ludwick homered to center (388 feet). Winn singled to right. Miller pitching for Dodgers. Schumaker singled to center, Winn to second. LaRue grounded out to shortstop, Winn to third, Schumaker to second. Walters struck out swinging. Lopez singled to left center, Winn and Schumaker scored. Lopez stole second. Ryan popped out to catcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Stavinoha in left field. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Johnson reached on infield single to first. Loney walked, Johnson to second. Belliard singled to left, Johnson to third, Loney to second. DeWitt hit sacrifice fly to right, Johnson scored, Loney to third. Ellis popped out to shortstop. Anderson hit for Miller. Anderson doubled to left center, Loney scored, Belliard to third. Furcal flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Link pitching for Dodgers. Pujols grounded out to third. Stavinoha struck out swinging. Ludwick grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Kemp singled to center. Ethier flied out to right. Johnson singled to right, Kemp to second. Loney grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Link pitching for Dodgers. Winn doubled to deep left. Schumaker grounded out to second, Winn to third. LaRue popped out to second. Miles hit for Walters. Miles grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Dodgers 12.	DeWitt's 5 RBIs power Dodgers