Athletics - Top 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Davis doubled to left. Barton grounded out to first, Davis to third. Jackson struck out swinging. Suzuki hit by pitch. Sweeney walked, Suzuki to second. Kouzmanoff grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Schumaker singled to center. Holliday homered to center, Schumaker scored. Pujols flied out to left. Ludwick flied out to left. Rasmus flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ellis singled to center. Pennington doubled to left, Ellis to third. Mazzaro struck out swinging. Davis reached on infield single to shortstop, Ellis scored. Barton fouled out to third. Jackson doubled to deep center, Pennington and Davis scored. Suzuki singled to center, Jackson scored, Suzuki to third on throwing error by catcher Molina. Sweeney grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Freese struck out swinging. Molina flied out to center. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. Ellis grounded out to third. Pennington singled to right. Mazzaro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. Schumaker grounded out to second. Holliday singled to left. Pujols walked, Holliday to second. Ludwick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Davis singled to center. Barton flied out to right. Jackson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Rasmus walked. Freese grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rasmus out at second. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Suzuki struck out swinging. Sweeney grounded out to second. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Carpenter struck out swinging. Ryan walked. Schumaker singled to right, Ryan to third. Holliday singled to left center, Ryan scored, Schumaker to second. Pujols singled to center, Schumaker scored, Holliday to second. Ludwick flied out to right. Rasmus struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ellis fouled out to first. Pennington struck out swinging. Patterson hit for Mazzaro. Patterson fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Freese grounded out to shortstop. Molina flied out to left. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Davis singled to shallow center. Davis caught stealing second, catcher to second. Barton grounded out to second. Jackson singled to left. Suzuki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Ryan doubled to left. Schumaker hit ground rule double to right, Ryan scored. Holliday grounded out to first, Schumaker to third. Pujols intentionally walked. Ludwick singled to right, Schumaker scored, Pujols to second. Bowers pitching for Athletics. Rasmus popped out to shortstop. Pujols caught stealing third, catcher to third to second to shortstop. Freese batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Sweeney grounded out to second. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Bowers pitching for Athletics. Freese struck out swinging. Molina struck out swinging. Stavinoha hit for McClellan. Stavinoha walked. Ryan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Pennington struck out swinging. Cust hit for Bowers. Cust grounded out to second. Davis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 4 - Cardinals 6.	Holliday homers, drives in 3 as Cards top A's