Cardinals - Top 1st. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Lopez safe at first on error by second baseman Hill. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lopez safe at second on error by shortstop Gonzalez. Pujols singled to left, Lopez to third, Holliday to second. Stavinoha grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lopez out at home, Holliday to third, Pujols to second. Freese struck out swinging. Rasmus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Wise grounded out to first. Hill struck out looking. Lind grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Molina walked. Winn singled to left, Molina to second. Ryan grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Winn out at second, Molina to third. Lopez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Wells lined out to right. Gonzalez walked. Bautista flied out to center. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Holliday lined out to right. Pujols singled to center. Stavinoha struck out swinging. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Buck grounded out to third. Hoffpauir doubled to right. Wise struck out swinging. Hill walked. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Rasmus flied out to center. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Winn singled to left. Ryan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Winn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Wells singled to left. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wells out at second. Bautista walked. Overbay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Lopez grounded out to third. Holliday grounded out to third. Pujols singled to center. Stavinoha flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Buck reached on infield single to third. Hoffpauir struck out swinging. Wise flied out to left. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Buck out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Freese struck out swinging. Rasmus singled to center. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rasmus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Lind fouled out to first. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Winn grounded out to third. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. Lopez hit by pitch. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Bautista walked. Overbay flied out to right. Buck flied out to right. Hoffpauir popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Pujols doubled to left. Stavinoha bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pujols out at third, Stavinoha to second. Freese struck out swinging. Rasmus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Wise struck out swinging. Hill struck out swinging. Lind flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Gregg pitching for Blue Jays. Molina fouled out to first. Winn singled to left. Ryan lined out to right. Lopez singled to center, Winn to third. Holliday singled to left, Winn scored, Lopez to second. Pujols flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Wells singled to center. Gonzalez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wells out at second. Bautista walked. Overbay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 1 - Blue Jays 0.	Late Holliday RBI lifts Carpenter, Cards by Jays