Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Johnson struck out looking. Abreu struck out looking. Upton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Diamondbacks. Ryan grounded out to pitcher. Lopez singled to center. Pujols struck out swinging. Lopez stole second. Holliday walked. Stavinoha hit by pitch, Lopez to third, Holliday to second. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Montero grounded out to second. LaRoche struck out swinging. Reynolds grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Diamondbacks. Winn grounded out to third. Wainwright walked. Miles walked, Wainwright to second. Ryan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Miles out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Parra struck out swinging. Gillespie grounded out to third. Willis walked. Johnson singled to left, Willis to second. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Willis pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez singled to right, Lopez to second on error by right fielder Upton. Pujols homered to left (409 feet), Lopez scored. Holliday singled to deep left, Holliday out stretching at second. Stavinoha lined out to left. Molina grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Upton popped out to third. Montero grounded out to second. LaRoche popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Willis pitching for Diamondbacks. Winn walked. Wainwright walked, Winn to second. Miles sacrificed to third, Winn to third, Wainwright to second. Winn out at home on runner's fielder's choice, Wainwright to third on runner's fielder's choice. Ryan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Reynolds walked. Parra singled to left, Reynolds to second. Gillespie reached on infield single to third, Reynolds to third, Parra to second. Willis struck out swinging. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Reynolds out at home, Parra to third, Gillespie to second. Abreu lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Willis pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez singled to center. Pujols homered to right center (403 feet), Lopez scored. Holliday walked. Stavinoha singled to center, Holliday to second. Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Rasmus ran for Stavinoha. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rasmus out at second, Holliday to third. Winn intentionally walked. Wainwright singled to left, Holliday scored, Winn to second. Miles doubled to right, Winn scored, Wainwright to third. Ryan grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Rasmus in center field. Winn in right field. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Upton grounded out to third. Montero walked. LaRoche singled to right, Montero to second. Reynolds fouled out to catcher. Parra grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez singled to center. Pujols doubled to deep left, Lopez scored, Pujols to third on throwing error by shortstop Abreu. Pujols scored on Demel's wild pitch. Holliday doubled to deep left center. Rasmus struck out looking. Molina grounded out to first, Holliday to third. Winn grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gillespie singled to left. Ryal hit for Demel. Ryal struck out swinging. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Gillespie to second on wild pitch by Reyes. Johnson struck out swinging. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Ojeda at second base. Parra in right field. Ryal in left field. Ottavino hit for Reyes. Ottavino grounded out to shortstop. Miles grounded out to second. Ryan singled to center. Lopez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Schumaker in left field. Ojeda singled to center. Montero grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ojeda out at second. LaRoche grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. LaRue hit for Pujols. LaRue walked. Schumaker flied out to left. Rasmus struck out swinging. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. LaRue at first base. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Reynolds grounded out to third. Parra flied out to left. Gillespie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 0 - Cardinals 8.	Pujols, Wainwright help Cards dominate D-backs