Brewers - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Weeks struck out swinging. Hart flied out to center. Fielder lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Lopez singled to center. Rasmus singled to right, Lopez to second. Pujols grounded out to first, Lopez to third, Rasmus to second. Holliday intentionally walked. Jay grounded out to second, Lopez scored, Rasmus to third, Holliday to second. Schumaker grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Braun struck out swinging. Edmonds struck out swinging. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Molina flied out to right. Wainwright struck out swinging. Greene grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Lucroy grounded out to second. Escobar flied out to right. Gallardo singled to center. Weeks struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Inglett at second base. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Lopez grounded out to second. Rasmus singled to right. Pujols singled to center, Rasmus to second. Holliday struck out swinging. Jay safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar, Rasmus scored, Pujols to second. Schumaker safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar, Pujols to third, Jay to second. Molina walked, Pujols scored, Jay to third, Schumaker to second. Wainwright doubled to deep right center, Jay, Schumaker and Molina scored. Greene grounded out to shortstop. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Hart homered to right (387 feet). Fielder grounded out to second. Braun grounded out to second. Edmonds lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Lopez flied out to center. Rasmus struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Counsell grounded out to first. Lucroy singled to left. Escobar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lucroy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Holliday struck out swinging. Jay walked. Schumaker flied out to center. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jay out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Villanueva flied out to center. Inglett struck out swinging. Hart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Wainwright struck out swinging. Greene flied out to center. Lopez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Fielder struck out swinging. Braun grounded out to second. Edmonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Braddock pitching for Brewers. Rasmus flied out to center. Pujols flied out to left. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Counsell singled to center. Lucroy singled to left, Counsell to second. Escobar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lucroy out at second, Counsell to third. Gomez hit for Braddock. Gomez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Loe pitching for Brewers. Jay homered to right center (413 feet). Schumaker grounded out to first. Molina grounded out to third. Wainwright struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Inglett grounded out to second. Hart grounded out to third. Fielder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 1 - Cardinals 7.	Wainwright shines, Cards win off Brewers errors