Cardinals - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Lopez safe at first on error by third baseman Stewart. Rasmus grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher to first, Lopez out at second. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Fowler grounded out to second. Herrera grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Holliday flied out to center. Stavinoha grounded out to pitcher. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Giambi singled to left center. Olivo struck out swinging. Smith walked, Giambi to second. Stewart struck out swinging. Barmes reached on infield single to shortstop, Giambi to third, Smith to second. Francis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Greene lined out to left. Hawksworth struck out looking. Miles singled to shallow center. Lopez homered to left (408 feet), Miles scored. Rasmus singled to left center. Pujols doubled to left, Rasmus scored. Holliday intentionally walked. Stavinoha flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Fowler walked. Herrera grounded out to first, Fowler to second. Gonzalez homered to left (427 feet), Fowler scored. Giambi reached on infield single to second. Olivo grounded out to pitcher, Giambi to second. Smith walked. Giambi to third, Smith to second on balk by Hawksworth. Stewart walked. Barmes grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Molina walked. Greene singled to right, Molina to second. Hawksworth sacrificed to catcher, Molina to third, Greene to second. Miles hit sacrifice fly to right, Molina scored, Greene to third. Lopez singled to center, Greene scored. Rasmus flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Spilborghs hit for Francis. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Spilborghs struck out looking. Fowler struck out looking. Herrera singled to center. Gonzalez reached on infield single to second, Herrera to second. Giambi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Pujols singled to left. Holliday struck out looking. Jay hit for Stavinoha. Jay singled to center, Pujols to third. Molina singled to center, Pujols scored, Jay to second. Greene struck out swinging. Hawksworth grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Jay in right field. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Olivo singled to left. Smith singled to center, Olivo to second. Stewart flied out to center, Olivo to third, Smith to second. Barmes flied out to center. Chacin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Miles singled to center. Lopez flied out to left. Rasmus struck out swinging. Pujols walked, Miles to second. Holliday homered to left (418 feet), Miles and Pujols scored. Jay fouled out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Winn in right field. Fowler grounded out to first. Herrera grounded out to second. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Giambi walked. Gonzalez to third, Giambi to second on wild pitch by McClellan. Olivo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Molina flied out to right. Greene grounded out to shortstop. Winn grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Smith singled to center. Smith to second on wild pitch by Miller. Stewart singled to center, Smith to third. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Barmes flied out to right. Iannetta hit for Chacin. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Smith scored, Stewart out at second. Fowler grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Iannetta at third base. Miles grounded out to shortstop. Lopez grounded out to first. Rasmus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Herrera walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Giambi grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Herrera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Pujols grounded out to pitcher. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Reyes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Olivo singled to center. Smith lined out to first. Mora hit for Corpas. Mora singled to right, Olivo to third. Barmes walked, Mora to second, Olivo scored on passed ball. Barmes batting. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Iannetta homered to left (412 feet), Mora and Barmes scored. Fowler doubled to deep right. Hawpe hit for Herrera. Hawpe grounded out to shortstop, Fowler to third. Gonzalez singled to deep right, Fowler scored. Giambi singled to deep right, Gonzalez to second, Gonzalez scored on error by right fielder Winn. Cook ran for Giambi. Olivo singled to right, Cook to third. Smith homered to right (373 feet), Cook and Olivo scored. 9 Runs, 8 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Cardinals 9 - Rockies 12.	Rockies score nine in ninth to rally by Cards