Cardinals - Top 1st. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Lopez grounded out to first. Ludwick reached on infield single to shortstop. Pujols walked, Ludwick to second. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second, Ludwick to third. Ludwick out at home, catcher to shortstop to catcher. Jay batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Colvin singled to center. Colvin caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Lee flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Jay tripled to deep right center. Schumaker singled to center, Jay scored. Molina struck out swinging. Carpenter sacrificed to first, Schumaker to second. Ryan singled to shallow center, Schumaker scored. Ryan stole second. Lopez walked. Ludwick struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez singled to center. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at second. Soriano flied out to left. Soto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Byrd out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Pujols grounded out to third. Holliday flied out to left. Jay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Theriot singled to shallow right center. Dempster sacrificed to catcher, Theriot to second. Colvin struck out swinging. Castro flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Schumaker walked. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Schumaker out at second. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Lee doubled to shallow left. Ramirez grounded out to third. Byrd singled to center, Lee scored. Soriano grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Byrd out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Ryan grounded out to second. Lopez grounded out to second. Ludwick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Soto walked. Theriot tripled to deep right center, Soto scored. Dempster grounded out to third. Colvin struck out looking. Castro singled to center, Theriot scored. Lee flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Pujols homered to left (400 feet). Holliday grounded out to second. Jay struck out swinging. Schumaker doubled to left. Molina intentionally walked. Carpenter singled to center, Schumaker tagged out at home, Molina to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez fouled out to catcher. Byrd singled to right. Soriano singled to right, Byrd to third. Soto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Soriano out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Ryan singled to left. Ryan caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lopez fouled out to third. Ludwick singled to right. Pujols flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Theriot grounded out to shortstop. Fontenot struck out looking. Colvin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Marshall pitching for Cubs. Holliday grounded out to pitcher. Jay flied out to center. Schumaker singled to center. Molina singled to right, Schumaker to second. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second, Schumaker to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Castro grounded out to third. Lee flied out to right. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Marmol pitching for Cubs. Ryan grounded out to third. Lopez struck out looking. Ludwick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Byrd grounded out to third. Soriano singled to shallow left. Soto lined out to right. Soriano to second on wild pitch by Franklin. Theriot grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 10th. Schlitter pitching for Cubs. Pujols grounded out to third. Holliday singled to left. Jay singled to left center, Holliday to second. Schumaker singled to center, Holliday to third, Jay to second. Molina grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Schumaker out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 10th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Fukudome singled to right. Colvin grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Fukudome out at second. Colvin stole second. Castro hit by pitch. Lee popped out to first. Ramirez safe at first on error by second baseman Schumaker, Colvin to third, Castro to second. Byrd struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 11th. Schlitter pitching for Cubs. Rasmus struck out swinging. Ryan popped out to second. Lopez homered to right (395 feet). Winn flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 11th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Nady singled to right. Soto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nady out at second. Baker ran for Soto. Theriot struck out swinging, Baker stole second. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Fukudome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Cubs 3.	Cards oust Cubs behind Lopez's solo HR in 11th