Cardinals - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Schumaker singled to center. Lopez grounded out to second, Schumaker to second. Pujols hit ground rule double to left, Schumaker scored. Holliday popped out to third. Jay homered to right (415 feet), Pujols scored. Feliz grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Kennedy grounded out to pitcher. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Bernadina grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Anderson flied out to center. Ryan flied out to center. Lohse fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman flied out to center. Dunn flied out to left. Morse doubled to deep right center. Rodriguez singled to left, Morse scored. Morgan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Schumaker doubled to deep right center. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Schumaker out at third. Pujols struck out looking. Holliday flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Hernandez singled to center. Kennedy singled to center, Hernandez to second. Desmond out on batter's interference to pitcher. Desmond batting. Bernadina struck out looking. Zimmerman singled to right center, Hernandez scored, Kennedy to third. Dunn doubled to deep left, Kennedy and Zimmerman scored. Morse singled to right, Dunn scored, Morse out stretching at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Jay flied out to left. Feliz struck out looking. Anderson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez flied out to right. Morgan grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Ryan singled to right. Lohse doubled to center, Ryan scored. Schumaker grounded out to second, Lohse to third. Lopez doubled to deep left center, Lohse scored. Pujols intentionally walked. Holliday flied out to right. Lopez picked off second. Jay batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Kennedy flied out to right. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Bernadina singled to center. Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop, Bernadina to second. Dunn homered to center (397 feet), Bernadina and Zimmerman scored. Morse doubled to deep left. Rodriguez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Jay flied out to center. Feliz grounded out to third. Anderson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Morgan popped out to shortstop. Hernandez grounded out to second. Kennedy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Ryan grounded out to second. Winn hit for Hawksworth. Winn singled to left. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Craig hit for Schumaker. Craig walked, Winn to second. Lopez flied out to center. Pujols lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. MacDougal pitching for Cardinals. Winn in right field. Desmond struck out swinging. Bernadina grounded out to first. Zimmerman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Holliday singled to center. Jay lined out to left. Feliz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. MacDougal pitching for Cardinals. Dunn walked. Maxwell ran for Dunn. Morse singled to right, Maxwell to third. Rodriguez singled to right, Maxwell scored, Morse to second. Morgan sacrificed to catcher, Morse to third, Rodriguez to second, Morgan safe at first on throwing error by pitcher MacDougal. Morse to third on throwing error by pitcher MacDougal. Harris hit for Burnett. Harris doubled to right, Morse and Rodriguez scored, Morgan tagged out at home. Kennedy singled to left, Harris scored. Desmond popped out to second. Bernadina homered to right center (401 feet), Kennedy scored. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman flied out to center. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Maxwell in right field. Morse at first base. Peralta pitching for Nationals. Anderson struck out swinging. Ryan flied out to left. Winn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Nationals 14.	Dunn, Nats break Cards