Rockies - Top 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Fowler flied out to right. Nelson walked. Spilborghs grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Nelson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Schumaker reached on infield single to first. Craig flied out to right. Pujols doubled to left, Schumaker scored. Pujols stole third. Holliday hit by pitch. Rasmus lined into double play, to first, Holliday doubled off first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Tulowitzki lined out to right. Helton grounded out to second. Stewart singled to right. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Stewart out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Feliz singled to right. Pagnozzi singled to right, Feliz to third. Ryan singled to left, Feliz scored, Pagnozzi to second. Carpenter sacrificed to catcher, Pagnozzi to third, Ryan to second. Schumaker hit sacrifice fly to center, Pagnozzi scored, Ryan to third. Craig struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Smith grounded out to first. Hammel grounded out to second. Fowler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Pujols singled to left. Holliday singled to right center, Pujols to third, Holliday to second on error by right fielder Smith. Rasmus singled to left, Pujols scored, Holliday to third. Rasmus stole second. Feliz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Holliday out at home, Feliz to second, Rasmus to third advancing on throw. Pagnozzi grounded out to third, Rasmus scored, Feliz to third. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Nelson flied out to center. Spilborghs grounded out to third. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Escalona pitching for Rockies. Carpenter struck out swinging. Schumaker reached on infield single to second. Craig popped out to shortstop. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Helton lined out to left. Stewart grounded out to pitcher. Iannetta singled to center. Smith flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Escalona pitching for Rockies. Holliday flied out to center. Rasmus walked. Rasmus to second on wild pitch by Escalona. Feliz popped out to second. Pagnozzi walked. Ryan fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. McKenry hit for Escalona. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. McKenry struck out swinging. Fowler tripled to deep center. Nelson grounded out to third. Fowler scored on Carpenter's wild pitch. Spilborghs walked. Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop, Spilborghs to second. Helton popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Delcarmen pitching for Rockies. Carpenter grounded out to second. Schumaker grounded out to second. Jay hit for Craig. Jay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Jay in right field. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Stewart struck out looking. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. Smith flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Dotel pitching for Rockies. Pujols walked. Holliday struck out swinging. Rasmus safe at first on error by first baseman Helton, Pujols to second. Feliz fouled out to catcher. Pagnozzi singled to right, Pujols scored, Rasmus to third. Ryan flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 8th. Payton hit for Dotel. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Payton flied out to center. Fowler struck out looking. Nelson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Deduno pitching for Rockies. Carpenter struck out swinging. Schumaker grounded out to second. Jay singled to center. Hamilton hit for Pujols. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Hamilton at first base. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Spilborghs flied out to left. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 1 - Cardinals 6.	Carpenter's first CG lifts Cards past Rockies