Rangers - Top 1st. Nova pitching for Yankees. Kinsler walked. Kinsler caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Andrus grounded out to second. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Jeter reached on infield single to second. Swisher singled to center, Jeter to second. Teixeira struck out swinging. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Swisher out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Beltre doubled to deep left. Cruz singled to right, Beltre to third. Murphy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beltre scored, Cruz out at second. Torrealba walked. Moreland grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Cano grounded out to second. Jones lined out to second. Posada walked. Martin flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Borbon flied out to center. Kinsler walked. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kinsler out at second. Young doubled to deep center, Andrus scored. Beltre struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Granderson safe at second on error by right fielder Cruz. Jeter flied out to center, Granderson to third. Swisher singled to center, Granderson scored. Teixeira grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Swisher out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 4th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Cruz struck out swinging. Murphy popped out to second. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez walked. Cano grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. Jones fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Moreland walked. Borbon hit by pitch, Moreland to second. Moreland to third, Borbon to second on wild pitch by Nova. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop, Moreland scored. Andrus walked. Young singled to left, Borbon scored, Andrus to second. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Andrus to third, Young to second on wild pitch by Robertson. Beltre flied out to left. Cruz walked. Andrus scored, Young to third on wild pitch by Robertson. Murphy struck out looking. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Posada walked. Martin struck out swinging. Granderson reached on infield single to shortstop, Posada to second. Jeter grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Granderson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Logan pitching for Yankees. Torrealba flied out to right. Moreland walked. Borbon flied out to center. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moreland out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira fouled out to catcher. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Pendleton pitching for Yankees. Andrus struck out swinging. Young struck out looking. Beltre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Cano singled to center. Jones grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Cano out at second. Posada flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Pendleton pitching for Yankees. Cruz popped out to catcher. Murphy flied out to left. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Martin struck out looking. Granderson homered to right (398 feet). Jeter reached on infield single to second. Swisher grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jeter out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Pendleton pitching for Yankees. Moreland flied out to center. Borbon flied out to center. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Teixeira grounded out to second. Rodriguez doubled to deep center. Cano grounded out to third. Chavez hit for Jones. Chavez singled to center, Rodriguez scored. Gardner ran for Chavez. Gardner to second on fielder's indifference. Posada walked. Nunez ran for Posada. Martin flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Yankees 3.	Rangers' six double plays sink Yanks