White Sox - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Lillibridge safe at first on error by shortstop Nunez. Ramirez singled to left, Lillibridge to third.  Ramirez advanced to second on throw. Quentin grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lillibridge out at home. Konerko flied out to right. Dunn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Granderson grounded out to second. Swisher grounded out to third. Cano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Castro singled to left center. Beckham reached on infield single to pitcher, Castro to second. Morel struck out swinging. Lillibridge struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Chavez walked. Martin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Ramirez grounded out to third. Quentin flied out to left. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Posada grounded out to shortstop. Gardner walked. Gardner to second on wild pitch by Jackson. Nunez walked. Gardner stole third, Nunez stole second. Granderson walked. Swisher walked, Gardner scored, Nunez to third, Granderson to second. Cano hit sacrifice fly to right, Nunez scored, Granderson to third. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Dunn flied out to left. Rios flied out to left. Castro reached on infield single to pitcher. Beckham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Chavez struck out swinging. Martin struck out swinging. Posada lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Morel flied out to right. Lillibridge struck out swinging. Ramirez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Gardner homered to right (364 feet). Nunez doubled to deep left. Granderson tripled to deep right, Nunez scored. Swisher singled to right, Granderson scored. Pena pitching for White Sox. Cano singled to center, Swisher to second. Rodriguez doubled to deep right, Swisher scored, Cano to third. Chavez intentionally walked. Martin singled to left, Cano scored, Rodriguez to third, Chavez to second. Posada walked, Rodriguez scored, Chavez to third, Martin to second. Gardner struck out swinging. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Nunez popped out to shortstop. Granderson struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Quentin walked. Konerko struck out swinging. Dunn struck out looking. Rios grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Swisher singled to shallow left. Cano singled to center, Swisher to second. Gray pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher, Swisher to third, Cano to second. Chavez grounded out to second, Swisher scored, Cano to third. Martin flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Castro struck out swinging. Beckham flied out to center. Morel safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Nunez. Morel to second on balk by Sabathia. Lillibridge reached on infield single to first, Morel to third. Ramirez singled to center, Morel scored, Lillibridge to third. Quentin singled to deep right, Lillibridge scored, Ramirez scored on throw. Quentin tagged out in rundown attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Gray pitching for White Sox. Posada grounded out to second. Gardner doubled to center. Nunez reached on infield single to pitcher, Gardner to third. Granderson hit sacrifice fly to left, Gardner scored. Swisher homered to right (378 feet), Nunez scored. Cano flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Pendleton pitching for Yankees. Konerko lined out to third. Dunn flied out to right. Teahen singled to shallow right. Castro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Gray pitching for White Sox. Jones walked. Chavez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. Molina doubled to left. Posada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Pendleton pitching for Yankees. Beckham popped out to second. Morel doubled to deep center. Lillibridge grounded out to third. Ramirez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 3 - Yankees 12.	Gardner, Yanks rout White Sox