Yankees - Top 1st. Bush pitching for Rangers. Jeter singled to center. Jeter stole second. Granderson grounded out to first, Jeter to third. Teixeira popped out to shortstop. Rodriguez fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Kinsler safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez. Andrus flied out to right. Young walked, Kinsler to second. Beltre walked, Kinsler to third, Young to second. Napoli singled to left, Kinsler and Young scored, Beltre to second, Beltre to third, Napoli to second on error by left fielder Gardner. Murphy hit sacrifice fly to left, Beltre scored, Napoli to third. Torrealba grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Bush pitching for Rangers. Cano flied out to right. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Posada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Gentry walked. Borbon bunt popped out to third. Gentry stole second. Kinsler grounded out to third. Andrus singled to right, Gentry scored. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andrus out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Bush pitching for Rangers. Gardner singled to center. Gardner stole second. Cervelli safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Beltre. Jeter singled to right, Gardner scored, Cervelli to third. Granderson singled to right, Cervelli scored, Jeter to second. Teixeira flied out to center, Jeter to third, Granderson to second. Rodriguez hit by pitch. Cano flied out to center. Swisher struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Beltre popped out to second. Napoli grounded out to third. Murphy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Bush pitching for Rangers. Posada grounded out to pitcher. Gardner flied out to left. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Torrealba struck out swinging. Gentry popped out to second. Borbon singled to center. Borbon stole second. Kinsler walked. Borbon stole third, Kinsler stole second. Andrus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Bush pitching for Rangers. Jeter homered to right center (403 feet). Tucker pitching for Rangers. Granderson singled to deep right. Teixeira doubled to center, Granderson to third. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop, Granderson scored. Cano grounded out to second, Teixeira to third. Swisher flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Young grounded out to first. Beltre popped out to second. Napoli safe at first on error by pitcher Sabathia. Murphy reached on infield single to first, Napoli to second. Torrealba grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Tucker pitching for Rangers. Posada walked. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Posada out at second. Cervelli grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gardner out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Gentry grounded out to shortstop. Borbon safe at first on error by pitcher Sabathia. Kinsler flied out to left, Borbon to second. Borbon caught stealing third, catcher to third. Andrus batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Rhodes pitching for Rangers. Jeter homered to right center (415 feet). Granderson homered to right (373 feet). Teixeira struck out looking. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third. Cano grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Rodriguez out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Andrus singled to center. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Young flied out to center. Andrus stole second. Andrus to third on wild pitch by Chamberlain. Beltre reached on infield single to third, Andrus scored. Napoli flied out to center. Murphy struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Eppley pitching for Rangers. Swisher reached on infield single to first. Posada singled to right, Swisher to second. Gardner singled to center, Swisher to third, Posada to second. Cervelli homered to center (414 feet), Swisher, Posada and Gardner scored. Jeter grounded out to pitcher. Granderson walked. Teixeira homered to right (399 feet), Granderson scored. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Cano walked. Swisher fouled out to third. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Soriano pitching for Yankees. Torrealba flied out to left. Gentry singled to right. Borbon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gentry out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Napoli catching. Davis at first base. Gentry in center field. Moreland in right field. Nunez hit for Posada. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Nunez flied out to right. Gardner reached on infield single to catcher. Cervelli grounded out to third, Gardner to second. Jeter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Pendleton pitching for Yankees. Kinsler flied out to left. Andrus singled to left center. Andrus to second on fielder's indifference. Young walked. Beltre popped out to second. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 12 - Rangers 5.	Jeter ends HR drought in Yankees win \n