Indians - Top 1st. Nova pitching for Yankees. Brantley flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to first. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Jeter walked. Granderson struck out swinging, Jeter stole second. Teixeira walked. Rodriguez walked, Jeter to third, Teixeira to second. Cano singled to right, Jeter scored, Teixeira to third, Rodriguez to second. Swisher hit sacrifice fly to left, Teixeira scored. Posada singled to center, Rodriguez scored, Cano to third. Gardner grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Santana flied out to right. Choo flied out to right. LaPorta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Cervelli grounded out to third. Jeter grounded out to third. Granderson homered to right (402 feet). Teixeira hit by pitch. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Teixeira out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Phelps grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to third. Hannahan doubled to deep right center. Brantley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Cano singled to center. Swisher lined out to second. Posada singled to center, Cano to second. Gardner doubled to deep right center, Cano scored, Posada to third. Cervelli flied out to right. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Cabrera grounded out to first. Sizemore popped out to second. Santana walked. Choo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Granderson grounded out to third. Teixeira struck out swinging. Rodriguez homered to center (460 feet). Cano singled to right. Swisher grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Nova pitching for Yankees. LaPorta reached on infield single to shortstop. Phelps singled to right, LaPorta to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Hannahan walked, LaPorta to third, Phelps to second. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to first, LaPorta scored, Hannahan out at second, Phelps to third. Cabrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Posada singled to left, Posada out stretching at second. Gardner reached on infield single to shortstop. Gardner stole second. Cervelli fouled out to first. Gardner stole third. Jeter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Sizemore struck out swinging. Santana homered to right center (412 feet). Choo grounded out to second. LaPorta flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Granderson doubled to left center. Teixeira walked. Rodriguez flied out to center. Cano struck out swinging, Granderson stole third, Teixeira stole second. Granderson scored on throwing error by catcher Santana. Swisher walked. Durbin pitching for Indians. Posada struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 7th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Phelps struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to third. Hannahan walked. Brantley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Durbin pitching for Indians. Gardner grounded out to second. Cervelli singled to right. Jeter doubled to deep right, Cervelli to third. Granderson walked. Teixeira doubled to deep right center, Cervelli, Jeter and Granderson scored. Rodriguez doubled to deep center, Teixeira scored. Nunez ran for Rodriguez. Cano walked. Nunez to third, Cano to second on wild pitch by Durbin. Swisher walked. Perez pitching for Indians. Posada struck out swinging. Gardner flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Nunez at third base. Whelan pitching for Yankees. Cabrera grounded out to second. Sizemore walked. Santana fouled out to third. Choo walked, Sizemore to second. LaPorta walked, Sizemore to third, Choo to second. Phelps walked, Sizemore scored, Choo to third, LaPorta to second. Sanit pitching for Yankees. Cabrera struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Everett at second base. Smith pitching for Indians. Cervelli lined out to right. Jeter grounded out to second. Granderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Sanit pitching for Yankees. Hannahan struck out swinging. Brantley singled to center. Cabrera singled to right, Brantley to second. Sizemore singled to right, Brantley to third, Cabrera to second. Santana singled to left, Brantley scored, Cabrera to third, Sizemore to second. Pendleton pitching for Yankees. Choo walked, Cabrera scored, Sizemore to third, Santana to second. Rivera pitching for Yankees. LaPorta singled to deep right center, Sizemore and Santana scored, Choo to second. Phelps popped out to second. Everett fouled out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 7 - Yankees 11.	Tempers flare, benches clear as Yankees cruise