Rangers - Top 1st. Nova pitching for Yankees. Kinsler singled to left. Kinsler stole second. Andrus walked. Hamilton singled to left, Kinsler scored, Andrus to third. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andrus scored, Hamilton out at second. Beltre grounded out to third, Young to second. Cruz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Holland pitching for Rangers. Swisher popped out to third. Granderson hit by pitch. Teixeira homered to left (400 feet), Granderson scored. Rodriguez walked. Cano singled to left, Rodriguez to second. Rodriguez stole third, Cano stole second. Jones walked. Nunez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Moreland struck out looking. Torrealba grounded out to second. Chavez grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Cervelli grounded out to second. Pena singled to left center. Swisher doubled to third, Pena to third. Granderson grounded out to third, Pena scored. Teixeira flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Kinsler homered to center (415 feet). Andrus grounded out to third. Hamilton hit ground rule double to deep center. Young reached on infield single to second, Hamilton to third. Beltre hit sacrifice fly to center, Hamilton scored. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Young out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez flied out to right. Cano grounded out to second. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Moreland grounded out to first. Torrealba singled to center. Torrealba to second on wild pitch by Nova. Chavez grounded out to first, Torrealba to third. Kinsler walked. Andrus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Nunez homered to left (366 feet). Cervelli grounded out to pitcher. Pena lined out to right. Swisher walked. Granderson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Hamilton safe at first on error by shortstop Nunez. Young walked, Hamilton to second. Beltre flied out to center. Cruz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Teixeira flied out to left. Rodriguez walked. Cano grounded out to second, Rodriguez to second. Jones singled to left, Rodriguez scored, Jones to second advancing on throw. Nunez walked. Cervelli singled to center, Jones scored, Nunez thrown out at third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Moreland singled to left. Torrealba grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moreland out at second. Chavez flied out to center. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Kinsler walked, Torrealba to second. Andrus singled to center, Torrealba thrown out at home, Kinsler to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Pena homered to right (401 feet). Swisher walked. Granderson struck out looking. Teixeira homered to right (416 feet), Swisher scored. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Cano struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Hamilton singled to center. Young struck out looking. Beltre lined into double play, to first, Hamilton doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Oliver pitching for Rangers. Gardner grounded out to third. Nunez singled to center. Nunez stole second. Cervelli walked. Nunez stole third, Cervelli stole second. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nunez out at home, Cervelli to third. Swisher flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Wade pitching for Yankees. Cruz fouled out to catcher. Moreland grounded out to second. Torrealba struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Granderson walked. Teixeira singled to right, Granderson to second. Rodriguez flied out to center, Granderson to third. Cano homered to right (379 feet), Granderson and Teixeira scored. Gardner struck out looking. Nunez popped out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Marquez pitching for Yankees. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler flied out to center. Andrus singled to center. Hamilton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 4 - Yankees 12.	Teixeira's 2 HRs lead Yanks \n\n