Yankees - Top 1st. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter flied out to right. Granderson grounded out to second. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Colon pitching for Yankees. Escobar grounded out to third. Thames doubled to left center. Bautista walked. Lind grounded out to first, Thames to third, Bautista to second. Hill singled to center, Thames and Bautista scored. Encarnacion walked, Hill to second. Snider singled to left, Hill scored, Encarnacion to second. Arencibia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Encarnacion safe at third on error by third baseman Nunez, Snider to second. Davis reached on infield single to pitcher, Encarnacion scored, Snider to third, Arencibia to second. Escobar reached on infield single to pitcher, Snider scored, Arencibia to third, Davis to second. Thames hit ground rule double to deep center, Arencibia and Davis scored, Escobar to third. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Escobar scored, Thames to third on balk by Ayala. Bautista popped out to shortstop. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 2nd. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Cano grounded out to second. Swisher struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Lind doubled to shallow left. Hill grounded out to pitcher. Encarnacion singled to right center, Lind scored. Snider grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Encarnacion out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Jones homered to left center. Nunez lined out to right. Gardner reached on infield single to shortstop. Jeter walked, Gardner to second. Granderson tripled to deep right, Gardner and Jeter scored. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop, Granderson scored. Cano singled to right. Swisher flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Noesi pitching for Yankees. Arencibia struck out swinging. Davis flied out to right. Escobar walked. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to third. Nunez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Noesi pitching for Yankees. Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop. Lind singled to right, Bautista to second. Hill struck out swinging. Encarnacion grounded into double play, third to first, Bautista out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. McDonald at third base. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Gardner grounded out to second. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Granderson reached on infield single to first. Teixeira singled to left, Granderson to second. Cano fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Noesi pitching for Yankees. Snider struck out swinging. Arencibia struck out looking. Davis popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Swisher singled to left. Martin singled to left, Swisher to second. Jones homered to left (397 feet), Swisher and Martin scored. Nunez lined out to center. Gardner singled to left. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter singled to center, Gardner to second. Granderson struck out swinging. Teixeira grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Noesi pitching for Yankees. Escobar singled to left. Thames fouled out to third. McDonald singled to center, Escobar to second. Logan pitching for Yankees. Lind popped out to second. Hill reached on infield single to shortstop, Escobar to third, McDonald to second. Encarnacion singled to left, Escobar and McDonald scored, Hill to second, Hill thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Cano singled to right center. Swisher grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cano out at second. Martin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Logan pitching for Yankees. Snider reached on infield single to second. Mitre pitching for Yankees. Snider stole second. Snider safe at third on throwing error by catcher Martin. Arencibia doubled to left, Snider scored. Davis grounded out to second, Arencibia to third. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Thames singled to center, Arencibia scored. Patterson ran for Thames. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to third, Patterson out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 8th. Patterson in right field. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Posada hit for Jones. Posada grounded out to first. Nunez grounded out to shortstop. Gardner doubled to right. Jeter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Mitre pitching for Yankees. Lind singled to right. Hill popped out to second. Encarnacion singled to center, Lind to third. Snider doubled to deep right, Lind scored, Encarnacion to third. Arencibia safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter, Encarnacion scored, Snider to third. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Snider scored, Arencibia out at second. Escobar struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 9th. Francisco pitching for Blue Jays. Granderson flied out to left. Teixeira struck out swinging. Cano singled to left center. Cano to second on fielder's indifference. Swisher flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 7 - Blue Jays 16.	Jays chase Colon, rout Yanks