Athletics - Top 1st. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Weeks fouled out to left. Crisp walked. Willingham flied out to center, Crisp to second. Matsui walked. Sizemore doubled to right, Crisp scored, Matsui to third. DeJesus struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Gardner struck out looking. Jeter grounded out to second. Granderson hit by pitch. Granderson stole second. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Jackson doubled to deep left center. Suzuki sacrificed to pitcher, Jackson to third. Pennington singled to right, Jackson scored. Weeks singled to right, Pennington to second. Crisp flied out to left. Willingham walked, Pennington to third, Weeks to second. Matsui grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Cano singled to deep right, Cano to second on error by right fielder DeJesus. Swisher walked. Posada flied out to center. Nunez singled to right, Cano scored, Swisher to second. Cervelli singled to right, Swisher to third, Nunez to second. Gardner reached on infield single to second, Swisher scored, Nunez to third, Cervelli to second. Jeter singled to right, Nunez and Cervelli scored, Gardner to third. Jeter stole second. Granderson hit sacrifice fly to left, Gardner scored, Jeter out at third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Sizemore grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus popped out to second. Jackson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Teixeira walked. Cano doubled to deep center, Teixeira to third. Swisher homered to right center (411 feet), Teixeira and Cano scored. Posada singled to left. Nunez singled to left, Posada to second. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Cervelli singled to center, Posada to third, Nunez to second. Gardner struck out swinging. Jeter walked, Posada scored, Nunez to third, Cervelli to second. Granderson walked, Nunez scored, Cervelli to third, Jeter to second. Teixeira homered to right (347 feet), Cervelli, Jeter and Granderson scored. Cano flied out to left. Swisher singled to left center. Posada struck out swinging. 9 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Suzuki hit by pitch. Pennington homered to right (335 feet), Suzuki scored. Weeks doubled to left, Weeks to third on error by left fielder Gardner. Crisp singled to right center, Weeks scored. Willingham struck out swinging. Matsui lined out to right. Sizemore struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 4th. De Los Santos pitching for Athletics. Nunez grounded out to second. Cervelli walked. Gardner struck out swinging. Jeter singled to right, Cervelli to third. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. DeJesus singled to left. Jackson singled to left, DeJesus to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jackson out at second, DeJesus to third. Pennington walked, Suzuki to second. Noesi pitching for Yankees. Weeks singled to center, DeJesus and Suzuki scored, Pennington to second. Crisp struck out looking. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pennington out at third, Weeks to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. De Los Santos pitching for Athletics. Teixeira flied out to left. Cano struck out swinging. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Noesi pitching for Yankees. Matsui safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Jeter. Sizemore struck out swinging. DeJesus doubled to deep left, Matsui to third. Jackson fouled out to third. Suzuki popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Fuentes pitching for Athletics. Posada popped out to second. Nunez grounded out to shortstop. Cervelli singled to left center. Gardner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Noesi pitching for Yankees. Pennington grounded out to second. Weeks grounded out to second. Crisp singled to center. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crisp out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Devine pitching for Athletics. Laird hit for Jeter. Laird walked. Granderson walked, Laird to second. Teixeira walked, Laird to third, Granderson to second. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Cano lined out to pitcher. Swisher singled to left center, Laird and Granderson scored, Teixeira to second. Posada grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Swisher out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Dickerson in left field. Laird at third base. Jones in right field. Nunez at shortstop. Sweeney hit for Matsui. Noesi pitching for Yankees. Sweeney grounded out to second. Sizemore struck out swinging. DeJesus singled to center. Jackson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Sweeney in left field. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Nunez struck out looking. Cervelli walked. Dickerson singled to right, Cervelli to second. Laird singled to center, Cervelli scored, Dickerson to second. Granderson struck out swinging. Teixeira flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Pennington grounded out to second. Weeks flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - Yankees 17.	Teixeira's slam highlights Yanks' drubbing of A's