Yankees - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Gardner flied out to left. Jeter struck out swinging. Granderson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury flied out to right. Pedroia struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira grounded out to first. Cano grounded out to first. Swisher walked. Chavez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Youkilis struck out swinging. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. Aviles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Posada fouled out to third. Cervelli singled to center. Gardner fouled out to third. Jeter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Crawford doubled to deep left center. Saltalamacchia walked. Scutaro sacrificed to pitcher, Crawford to third, Saltalamacchia to second. Ellsbury hit sacrifice fly to right, Crawford scored, Saltalamacchia to third. Pedroia doubled to deep left, Saltalamacchia scored. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Granderson singled to right. Granderson stole second, Granderson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Saltalamacchia. Teixeira walked. Cano hit by pitch, Teixeira to second. Swisher grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Granderson scored, Cano out at second, Teixeira to third. Chavez singled to deep left, Teixeira scored. Posada flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Youkilis doubled to deep center. Ortiz struck out swinging. Aviles singled to right, Youkilis to third. Crawford singled to left, Youkilis scored, Aviles to second. Saltalamacchia fouled out to first. Scutaro singled to center, Aviles scored, Crawford to second. Ellsbury homered to right (380 feet), Crawford and Scutaro scored. Pedroia struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Cervelli singled to left. Gardner hit by pitch, Cervelli to second. Jeter singled to center, Cervelli scored, Gardner to second. Granderson struck out swinging. Teixeira struck out swinging. Cano grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez singled to right. Youkilis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. Ortiz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Swisher singled to center. Chavez lined out to third. Posada struck out looking. Cervelli grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Aviles grounded out to second. Crawford singled to left. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Scutaro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Gardner reached on infield single to shortstop. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gardner out at second. Granderson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Jeter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury lined out to first. Pedroia grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez walked. Youkilis walked, Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez to third, Youkilis to second on wild pitch by Ayala. Ortiz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira homered to right (379 feet). Cano flied out to center. Swisher struck out swinging. Chavez singled to deep left center. Posada grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Noesi pitching for Yankees. Reddick walked. Crawford singled to right, Reddick to third. Crawford stole second. Saltalamacchia walked. Scutaro popped out to second. Ellsbury singled to center, Reddick and Crawford scored, Saltalamacchia to third. Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to center, Saltalamacchia scored. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Wheeler pitching for Red Sox. Cervelli doubled to right. Gardner struck out looking. Jeter flied out to right. Granderson walked. Teixeira flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 4 - Red Sox 10.	Ellsbury, Red Sox rock Yanks