Giants - Top 1st. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Aoki lined out to left. Panik singled to left center. Pagán doubled to right, Panik to third. Posey struck out swinging. Belt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Pollock fouled out to catcher. Inciarte hit by pitch. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Trumbo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. McGehee grounded out to second. Crawford grounded out to first. Blanco lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Hill grounded out to pitcher. Owings flied out to center. Gosewisch singled to center. Ahmed hit by pitch, Gosewisch to second. Collmenter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ahmed out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Bumgarner grounded out to first. Aoki singled to right center. Panik doubled to deep right center, Aoki out at home, Panik to third advancing on throw. Pagán singled to deep right center, Panik scored. Posey flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Pollock grounded out to third. Inciarte singled to center. Goldschmidt lined out to right. Trumbo tripled to deep center, Inciarte scored. Hill struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt struck out swinging. McGehee singled to center. Crawford singled to center, McGehee to second. Blanco struck out swinging. Bumgarner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Owings struck out swinging. Gosewisch grounded out to shortstop. Ahmed walked. Collmenter grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ahmed out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Aoki singled to right. Panik singled to left, Aoki to second. Pagán doubled to deep right center, Aoki scored, Panik to third. Posey hit sacrifice fly to left, Panik scored. Belt grounded out to second, Pagán to third. McGehee walked. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford singled to deep right, Pagán scored, McGehee to second, McGehee scored, Crawford to third on error by right fielder Trumbo. Blanco bunt popped out foul to catcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Pollock singled to right. Inciarte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pollock out at second. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Bumgarner struck out swinging. Aoki fouled out to left. Panik grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Trumbo flied out to left. Hill reached on infield single to shortstop. Owings grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Pagán struck out swinging. Posey grounded out to shortstop. Belt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Gosewisch flied out to left. Ahmed flied out to center. Pacheco hit for Chafin. Pacheco singled to left center. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pacheco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. McGehee singled to right. Crawford lined out to center. Blanco popped out to third. Duffy hit for Bumgarner. Duffy singled to right, McGehee to third. Aoki fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. López pitching for Giants. Inciarte singled to center. Machí pitching for Giants. Inciarte to second on wild pitch by Machí. Goldschmidt walked. Trumbo flied out to right. Hill singled to right center, Inciarte to third, Goldschmidt to second. Romo pitching for Giants. Lamb hit for Owings. Lamb doubled to deep center, Inciarte, Goldschmidt and Hill scored. Gosewisch struck out swinging. Pennington hit for Ahmed. Pennington walked. Peralta hit for Hudson. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Peralta struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Hill at second base. Lamb at third base. Pennington at shortstop. Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks. Panik struck out swinging. Pagán walked. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pagán out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Pollock popped out to second. Inciarte grounded out to first. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 5 - Diamondbacks 4.	Giants open with close win over Diamondbacks