Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Giants. Inciarte grounded out to second. Pollock singled to center. Goldschmidt homered to left (377 feet), Pollock scored. Trumbo flied out to center. Hill grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Aoki doubled to right. Panik singled to center, Aoki to third. Pagán hit sacrifice fly to left, Aoki scored. Posey grounded into double play, third to second to first, Panik out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Giants. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop. Owings reached on infield single to third, Owings to second on throwing error by third baseman McGehee. Ahmed struck out swinging. Hellickson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt singled to center. McGehee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Belt out at second. Susac singled to shallow left center. Crawford walked, Susac to second. Hudson lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Giants. Inciarte grounded out to pitcher. Pollock singled to left. Goldschmidt walked, Pollock to second. Trumbo lined out to center. Hill walked, Pollock to third, Goldschmidt to second. Pacheco hit by pitch, Pollock scored, Goldschmidt to third, Hill to second. Owings singled to right, Goldschmidt and Hill scored, Pacheco to third. Owings stole second. Ahmed struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Aoki grounded out to pitcher. Panik flied out to right. Pagán grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Giants. Hellickson struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded out to third. Pollock reached on infield single to third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey grounded out to second. Belt singled to center. McGehee flied out to left. Susac flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Giants. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Pacheco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford reached on infield single to third. Duffy hit for Hudson. Duffy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Crawford out at second. Aoki tripled to deep right center. Panik lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Owings flied out to center. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Hellickson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Pagán grounded out to shortstop. Posey grounded out to shortstop. Belt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Inciarte grounded out to pitcher. Pollock grounded out to first. Goldschmidt lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. McGehee grounded out to shortstop. Susac struck out swinging. Crawford singled to left center. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco hit for Kontos. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to second, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Machí pitching for Giants. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Hill struck out looking. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Inciarte in right field. Peralta in left field. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Aoki grounded out to first. Panik grounded out to second. Pagán grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Machi pitching for Giants. Owings doubled to deep left center. Ahmed bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Owings out at third. Tomás hit for Ziegler. Tomás singled to right, Ahmed to third. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Inciarte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ahmed out at home, Tomás to third, Inciarte to second. Pollock grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey fouled out to right. Belt struck out swinging. McGehee fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Giants 1.	Goldschmidt leads Diamondbacks past Giants 5-1