Dodgers - Top 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Pederson struck out swinging. Hernández doubled to left. Kendrick struck out swinging. González walked. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, González out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Aoki singled to left. Duffy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Aoki out at second. Pagán grounded into double play, third to second to first, Duffy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Van Slyke walked. Guerrero struck out swinging. Ellis lined out to center. Kershaw grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Van Slyke out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Posey grounded out to shortstop. Pence struck out looking. Arias grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Pederson doubled to center. Hernández grounded out to second, Pederson to third. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. González flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Belt flied out to center. McGehee grounded out to third. Bumgarner homered to left (391 feet). Aoki reached on infield single to third. Duffy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aoki out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Turner lined out to center. Van Slyke singled to center. Guerrero flied out to center. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Van Slyke safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Arias. Kershaw flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Pagán doubled to left. Posey struck out swinging. Pence singled to right, Pagán scored. Arias grounded out to third, Pence to second. Belt hit by pitch. McGehee struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Pederson struck out swinging. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick singled to left. González singled to right, Kendrick to third. Turner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Bumgarner struck out looking. Aoki walked. Duffy lined out to right. Pagán struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Van Slyke grounded out to shortstop. Guerrero singled to left. Ellis singled to left center, Guerrero thrown out at third. Kershaw struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Posey popped out to first. Pence struck out looking. Arias lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Pederson fouled out to first. Kontos pitching for Giants. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick singled to right. López pitching for Giants. González grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kendrick out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Belt struck out swinging. McGehee grounded out to shortstop. Maxwell hit for López. Maxwell walked. Aoki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Crawford at shortstop. Romo pitching for Giants. Turner struck out looking. Rollins hit for Van Slyke. Rollins reached on infield single to second. Guerrero grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rollins out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Hernández in right field. Rollins at shortstop. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Duffy grounded out to second. Pagán singled to center. Posey singled to left center, Pagán to third. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Pence reached on infield single to second, Pagán scored, Posey to second. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Crawford singled to center, Posey scored, Pence to second, Pence thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Belt grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Ellis walked. Ethier hit for Rodriguez. Ethier struck out swinging. Pederson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ellis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 0 - Giants 4.	Giants hold Dodgers scoreless in 3-game sweep