Phillies - Top 1st. Heston pitching for Giants. Revere singled to center. Hernández grounded into double play, second to first, Revere out at second. Franco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Pagán flied out to right. Panik lined out to shortstop. Duffy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Heston pitching for Giants. Howard grounded out to first. Asche singled to right. Asche caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Posey singled to center. Pence grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Posey out at second. Belt singled to left. Crawford flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Heston pitching for Giants. Galvis lined out to first. Rupp singled to left. Billingsley bunted into double play, first to shortstop to second, Rupp out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Susac struck out swinging. Heston flied out to right. Pagán singled to center. Panik lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Heston pitching for Giants. Revere grounded out to pitcher. Hernández reached on infield single to second. Franco grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Duffy popped out to second. Posey singled to center. Pence singled to right, Posey to second. Belt grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pence out at second, Posey to third. Crawford singled to center, Posey scored, Belt to second. Belt to third, Crawford to second on wild pitch by Billingsley. Susac homered to center (412 feet), Belt and Crawford scored. Heston struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Heston pitching for Giants. Howard struck out looking. Asche struck out looking. Brown grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Pagán singled to right center. Panik grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pagán out at second. Duffy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Panik out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Heston pitching for Giants. Galvis struck out swinging. Rupp flied out to center. Billingsley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Posey singled to left. Pence reached on infield single to pitcher, Posey to second. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Belt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pence out at second, Posey to third. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Blanco in left field. Heston pitching for Giants. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Hernández struck out swinging. Franco singled to center. Howard singled to center, Franco scored. Asche doubled to right center, Howard to third. Osich pitching for Giants. Francoeur hit for Brown. Francoeur struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Francoeur in right field. García pitching for Phillies. Susac grounded out to third. Osich struck out looking. Pagán singled to left. Panik lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Osich pitching for Giants. Galvis fouled out to right. Rupp struck out swinging. Ruf hit for García. Ruf flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Giles pitching for Phillies. Duffy struck out swinging. Posey struck out swinging. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Revere reached on infield single to pitcher. Hernández struck out swinging. Franco struck out swinging. Revere to second on fielder's indifference. Revere to third on fielder's indifference. Howard singled to right, Revere scored. Asche lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 2 - Giants 4.	Susac, Heston help Giants beat Phillies 4-1, complete sweep