Nationals - Top 1st. Cain pitching for Giants. Taylor walked. Taylor stole second. Escobar sacrificed to third, Taylor to third. Harper hit sacrifice fly to right, Taylor scored. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Blanco grounded out to second. Duffy homered to left (379 feet). Belt singled to right. Posey struck out swinging, Belt stole second. Belt to third on wild pitch by Scherzer. Pence struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Cain pitching for Giants. Robinson doubled to deep right center. Desmond grounded out to pitcher, Robinson to third. Espinosa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Robinson out at home. Lobatón grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Crawford doubled to deep left center. Maxwell doubled to deep right, Crawford scored. Adrianza hit by pitch. Cain sacrificed to third, Maxwell to third, Adrianza to second. Blanco doubled to deep right, Maxwell and Adrianza scored. Duffy doubled to deep center, Blanco scored. Belt grounded out to second, Duffy to third. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Cain pitching for Giants. Scherzer grounded out to shortstop. Taylor flied out to center. Escobar lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Pence homered to center (416 feet). Crawford struck out swinging. Maxwell grounded out to shortstop. Adrianza lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Cain pitching for Giants. Harper flied out to left. Zimmerman struck out looking. Robinson hit by pitch. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Cain struck out looking. Blanco grounded out to second. Duffy singled to right. Belt reached on infield single to second, Duffy to second. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Cain pitching for Giants. Espinosa homered to left center (399 feet). Lobatón doubled to right center. Fister reached on bunt single to third, Lobatón to third. Taylor struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to right, Fister to second. Harper homered to right (411 feet), Lobatón and Fister scored. Zimmerman safe at first on error by third baseman Duffy. Robinson singled to left center, Zimmerman to second. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Desmond grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 5th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Pence grounded out to first. Crawford grounded out to first. Maxwell walked. Adrianza grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Espinosa grounded out to second. Lobatón grounded out to second. Moore hit for Fister. Moore hit by pitch. Kontos pitching for Giants. Pérez in left field. Taylor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Thornton pitching for Nationals. Pérez struck out swinging. Blanco doubled to deep left center. Blanco stole third. Duffy walked. Belt grounded out to first, Blanco scored, Duffy to second. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Posey flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Osich pitching for Giants. Harper flied out to center. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Janssen pitching for Nationals. Pence reached on infield single to third. Crawford flied out to left. Osich sacrificed to pitcher, Pence to second. Adrianza grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Werth hit for Robinson. Osich pitching for Giants. Werth grounded out to third. Desmond singled to right. Espinosa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Desmond out at second, Espinosa to second on throwing error by second baseman Adrianza. Lobatón safe at first on error by third baseman Duffy, Espinosa to third. Rendon hit for Janssen. Romo pitching for Giants. Rendon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Werth in left field. Papelbon pitching for Nationals. Pérez reached on infield single to third. Pérez stole second. Blanco reached on bunt single to first, Pérez to third. Duffy hit sacrifice fly to center, Pérez scored. Belt lined into double play, center to pitcher to first, Blanco doubled off first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Romo pitching for Giants. Taylor grounded out to pitcher. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. López pitching for Giants. Harper flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 5 - Giants 8.	Duffy powers the Giants to 8-5 win over Nationals