Giants - Top 1st. Zito pitching for Athletics. Pagán flied out to left. Tomlinson singled to center. Duffy singled to left, Tomlinson to second. Posey flied out to left. Byrd doubled to deep right center, Tomlinson and Duffy scored. Crawford flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Hudson pitching for Giants. Burns grounded out to second. Canha singled to right. Reddick flied out to left. Valencia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Williamson fouled out to first. Parker homered to left center (381 feet). Brown grounded out to shortstop. Pagán doubled to deep left center. Tomlinson singled to right center, Pagán scored. Duffy lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hudson pitching for Giants. Vogt walked. Butler hit by pitch, Vogt to second. Lawrie grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vogt safe at third on error by third baseman Duffy, Butler to second. Sogard walked, Vogt scored, Butler to third, Lawrie to second. Fuld walked, Butler scored, Lawrie to third, Sogard to second. Burns grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lawrie out at home, Sogard to third, Fuld to second. Canha hit by pitch, Sogard scored, Fuld to third, Burns to second. Reddick grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Canha out at second. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 3rd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Posey walked. Venditte pitching for Athletics. Byrd lined out to left. Crawford grounded out to first, Posey to second. Williamson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Valencia singled to left. Vogt doubled to right, Valencia to third. Butler struck out swinging. Lawrie walked. Sogard doubled to left, Valencia and Vogt scored, Lawrie to third. Fuld flied out to left. Burns doubled to deep right, Lawrie and Sogard scored. Canha doubled to center, Burns scored. Hall pitching for Giants. Reddick walked. Valencia walked, Canha to third, Reddick to second. Vogt struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Brooks pitching for Athletics. Parker grounded out to second. Brown reached on infield single to third. Pagán grounded into fielder's choice to second, Brown out at second. Tomlinson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Hall pitching for Giants. Butler flied out to center. Lawrie grounded out to third. Sogard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Brooks pitching for Athletics. Duffy grounded out to second. Posey grounded out to third. Byrd doubled to deep right. Crawford walked. Williamson lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Cain pitching for Giants. Fuld flied out to right. Burns fouled out to first. Canha flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Brooks pitching for Athletics. Parker struck out looking. Brown doubled to right. Pagán singled to right, Brown scored. Tomlinson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pagán out at second. Duffy doubled to deep right, Tomlinson scored. Posey singled to center, Duffy scored. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Byrd grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Cain pitching for Giants. Reddick flied out to right. Valencia singled to shallow left. Vogt fouled out to catcher. Butler homered to left (394 feet), Valencia scored. Lawrie lined out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Rodriguez Jr. pitching for Athletics. Crawford lined out to left. Williamson singled to right. Pomeranz pitching for Athletics. Parker homered to center (414 feet), Williamson scored. Brown singled to right, Brown out stretching at second. Pagán lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Osich pitching for Giants. Sogard struck out swinging. Fuld grounded out to second. Burns flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Pomeranz pitching for Athletics. Tomlinson singled to center. Dull pitching for Athletics. Duffy fouled out to first. Posey doubled to right, Tomlinson to third. Byrd hit sacrifice fly to left, Tomlinson scored. Crawford intentionally walked. De Aza hit for Williamson. De Aza walked, Posey to third, Crawford to second. Parker homered to right (392 feet), Posey, Crawford and De Aza scored. Abad pitching for Athletics. Brown struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Osich pitching for Giants. Canha fouled out to first. Reddick grounded out to second. Valencia reached on infield single to pitcher. Vogt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Pagán struck out looking. Tomlinson singled to right. Duffy grounded out to third, Tomlinson to third. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Romo pitching for Giants. Butler singled to left. Lawrie lined out to third. López pitching for Giants. Semien hit for Sogard. Semien singled to left, Butler to second. Crisp hit for Fuld. Casilla pitching for Giants. Crisp struck out swinging. Burns grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 14 - Athletics 10.	Hudson-Zito matchup hardly lives up to hype