Dodgers - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Furcal flied out to right. Pierre flied out to right. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Taveras walked. Quintanilla grounded out to first, Taveras to second. Taveras stole third. Holliday grounded out to second, Taveras scored. Helton flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Kent tripled to deep right center. Martin grounded out to pitcher. Loney popped out to second. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Atkins flied out to center. Hawpe walked. Torrealba walked, Hawpe to second. Barmes singled to center, Hawpe scored, Torrealba to second. Francis sacrificed to pitcher, Torrealba to third, Barmes to second. Taveras grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Bennett flied out to center. Penny grounded out to first. Furcal singled to center. Pierre singled to left, Furcal to second. Kemp flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Quintanilla grounded out to second. Holliday struck out swinging. Helton homered to right. Atkins flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Kent grounded out to shortstop. Martin lined out to center. Loney lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Hawpe flied out to left. Torrealba walked. Barmes lined into double play, third to first, Torrealba doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Jones struck out swinging. Bennett walked. Penny sacrificed to catcher, Bennett to second. Furcal grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Francis grounded out to third. Taveras grounded out to pitcher. Quintanilla doubled to right. Holliday flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Pierre singled to center. Kemp doubled to deep right center, Pierre scored. Kent grounded out to pitcher. Martin reached on infield single to third. Kemp stole third. Martin stole second. Loney walked. Speier pitching for Rockies. Jones struck out swinging. Sweeney hit for Bennett. Sweeney walked, Kemp scored, Martin to third, Loney to second. DeWitt hit for Penny. DeWitt singled to center, Martin and Loney scored, Sweeney to second. Newman pitching for Rockies. Furcal homered to left, Sweeney and DeWitt scored. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Martin catching. Wade pitching for Dodgers. DeWitt at third base. Helton grounded out to first. Atkins flied out to left. Hawpe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Grilli pitching for Rockies. Kemp struck out swinging. Kent singled to right. Martin singled to center, Kent to third. Loney grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Torrealba safe at first on error by third baseman DeWitt. Barmes safe at first on error by third baseman DeWitt, Torrealba to second. Podsednik hit for Grilli. Podsednik tripled to deep left center, Torrealba and Barmes scored. Taveras hit by pitch. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Baker hit for Quintanilla. Taveras stole second. Baker walked. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to third, Podsednik scored, Baker out at second, Taveras to third. Helton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Holliday out at second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Baker at second base. Podsednik in center field. Jones doubled to deep right center. Ethier hit for Beimel. Ethier walked. DeWitt walked, Jones to third, Ethier to second. Furcal reached on infield single to pitcher, Jones scored, Ethier to third, DeWitt to second. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ethier out at home, DeWitt to third, Furcal to second. Kemp doubled to left, DeWitt, Furcal and Pierre scored. Redman pitching for Rockies. Kent grounded out to third. Martin grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Hu at second base. Park pitching for Dodgers. Ethier in left field. Atkins singled to left. Hawpe singled to left, Atkins to second. Torrealba grounded into double play, third to first, Atkins out at third, Hawpe to second. Barmes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Redman pitching for Rockies. Loney grounded out to second. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Ethier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Ho Park pitching for Dodgers. Podsednik flied out to center. Spilborghs hit for Redman. Spilborghs grounded out to third. Baker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 11 - Rockies 6.	Furcal propels Dodgers to seventh straight win