Cardinals - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Schumaker grounded out to first. Barton grounded out to third. Pujols grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Podsednik struck out looking. Quintanilla flied out to right. Holliday singled to third base. Helton doubled to deep right, Holliday scored. Atkins walked. Spilborghs walked, Helton to third, Atkins to second. Iannetta singled to right center, Helton and Atkins scored, Spilborghs to third. Barmes doubled to left, Spilborghs scored, Iannetta to third. De La Rosa grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Ludwick homered to left. Molina grounded out to second. Ryan flied out to right. Kennedy struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Podsednik flied out to left. Quintanilla struck out swinging. Holliday singled to center. Helton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Lohse struck out swinging. Izturis flied out to right. Schumaker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Atkins tripled to deep center. Spilborghs flied out to right. Iannetta walked. Barmes walked, Iannetta to second. De La Rosa grounded out to first, Atkins scored, Iannetta to third, Barmes to second. Podsednik struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Barton grounded out to second. Pujols flied out to center. Ludwick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Quintanilla singled to right. Holliday singled to left, Quintanilla to second. Helton walked, Quintanilla to third, Holliday to second. Atkins hit sacrifice fly to left, Quintanilla scored, Holliday to third. Spilborghs hit sacrifice fly to center, Holliday scored. Iannetta struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Molina singled to left. Ryan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. Kennedy flied out to center. Glaus hit for Lohse. Glaus walked, Ryan to second. Ryan to third, Glaus to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa. Izturis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Barmes flied out to left. De La Rosa struck out swinging. Podsednik flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Schumaker singled to left. Barton struck out swinging. Pujols singled to deep left, Schumaker to third. Ludwick popped out to second. Molina singled to right, Schumaker scored, Pujols to second. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Ryan flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Parisi pitching for Cardinals. Duncan at first base. Quintanilla doubled to right. Holliday struck out looking. Helton lined out to right, Quintanilla to third. Atkins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Kennedy grounded out to third. Duncan flied out to left. Izturis reached on infield single to second. Izturis stole second. Schumaker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Parisi pitching for Cardinals. Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. Barmes walked. Baker hit for Corpas. Baker singled to center, Barmes to second. Podsednik grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Baker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Barton flied out to center. Parisi struck out looking. Ludwick homered to right center. Molina fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Parisi pitching for Cardinals. Quintanilla singled to center. Holliday singled to center, Quintanilla to second. Helton flied out to left. Atkins doubled to deep left, Quintanilla scored, Holliday to third. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Holliday scored, Atkins to third on wild pitch by Parisi. Iannetta grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Ryan safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Atkins. Kennedy struck out swinging. Duncan struck out swinging. Izturis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Rockies 9.	Rockies' De La Rosa shines against Cards