Padres - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Gerut grounded out to first. Gonzalez homered to center. Giles doubled to deep center. Gonzalez grounded out to third, Giles to third. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Maddux pitching for Padres. Taveras flied out to center. Helton grounded out to pitcher. Holliday singled to center. Holliday stole second. Hawpe walked. Atkins walked, Holliday to third, Hawpe to second. Iannetta doubled to deep left, Holliday, Hawpe and Atkins scored. Tulowitzki struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Headley struck out swinging. Greene flied out to center. Barrett fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Maddux pitching for Padres. Quintanilla grounded out to pitcher. De La Rosa grounded out to second. Taveras flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Maddux struck out swinging. Gerut grounded out to second. Gonzalez singled to left. Giles singled to left center, Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Giles to third. Kouzmanoff singled to right center, Giles scored, Gonzalez to second. Headley grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Maddux pitching for Padres. Helton singled to right. Holliday walked, Helton to second. Hawpe homered to center, Helton and Holliday scored. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. Iannetta lined out to right. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Greene grounded out to third. Barrett singled to left. Maddux sacrificed to first, Barrett to second. Gerut lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Quintanilla flied out to center. De La Rosa grounded out to second. Taveras doubled to left center. Helton doubled to deep left, Taveras scored. Holliday flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Giles singled to center. Gonzalez grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Giles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Hawpe flied out to left. Atkins tripled to deep center. Iannetta fouled out to first. Tulowitzki singled to left, Atkins scored. Meredith pitching for Padres. Quintanilla singled to left, Tulowitzki to second. De La Rosa struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Kouzmanoff homered to left. Headley singled to center. Greene singled to center, Headley to second. Speier pitching for Rockies. Barrett walked, Headley to third, Greene to second. Clark hit for Meredith. Clark singled to center, Headley scored, Greene to third, Barrett to second. Banks ran for Clark. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Gerut grounded into fielder's choice to first, Greene scored, Banks out at second, Barrett to third. Gonzalez singled to left, Barrett scored, Gerut to second. Giles singled to right, Gerut scored, Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Adams pitching for Padres. Taveras struck out looking. Helton popped out to first. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Headley lined out to first. Greene grounded out to third. Barrett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Adams pitching for Padres. Hawpe flied out to right. Atkins struck out swinging. Iannetta fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Hairston hit for Adams. Herges pitching for Rockies. Hairston struck out swinging. Gerut singled to left. Gonzalez hit by pitch, Gerut to second. Giles grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Bell pitching for Padres. Tulowitzki walked. Quintanilla sacrificed to catcher, Tulowitzki to second. Spilborghs hit for Herges. Spilborghs grounded out to second, Tulowitzki to third. Taveras grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez singled to center. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Headley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kouzmanoff out at second, Gonzalez to third. Greene reached on infield single to shortstop, Gonzalez scored, Headley to second. Barrett hit ground rule double to deep center, Headley scored, Greene to third. Stansberry hit for Bell. Stansberry singled to left, Greene scored, Barrett to third. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Gerut homered to right, Barrett and Stansberry scored. Gonzalez homered to left. McAnulty hit for Giles. McAnulty struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out looking. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. McAnulty in right field. Tomko pitching for Padres. Podsednik hit for Helton. Podsednik grounded out to second. Holliday grounded out to third. Hawpe struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 15 - Rockies 8.	Padres break tie in ninth with 7 runs, beat Rockies