Marlins - Top 1st. Redman pitching for Rockies. Ramirez grounded out to third. Hermida walked. Cantu singled to left, Hermida to third. Willingham grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cantu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Marlins. Spilborghs grounded out to second. Barmes fouled out to right. Holliday grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Redman pitching for Rockies. Helms grounded out to first. Ross singled to right. Andino singled to shallow right, Ross to third. Hoover singled to right center, Ross scored, Andino to third. Miller sacrificed to pitcher, Andino scored, Hoover to second. Ramirez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Marlins. Atkins reached on infield single to third. Baker homered to right, Atkins scored. Torrealba grounded out to third. Hawpe walked. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hawpe out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Redman pitching for Rockies. Hermida grounded out to second. Cantu flied out to right. Willingham popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Marlins. Redman struck out swinging. Spilborghs grounded out to third. Barmes doubled to deep left. Holliday flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Redman pitching for Rockies. Helms safe at first on error by second baseman Barmes. Ross reached on infield single to third, Helms to second. Andino struck out swinging. Hoover grounded into double play, third to first, Helms out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. Baker struck out looking. Torrealba grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Redman pitching for Rockies. Miller grounded out to third. Ramirez reached on infield single to second. Hermida grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Hawpe walked. Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher, Hawpe to second. Redman struck out swinging. Spilborghs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Redman pitching for Rockies. Cantu grounded out to third. Willingham struck out swinging. Helms grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Barmes walked. Holliday struck out swinging. Atkins singled to center, Barmes to third. Baker grounded out to shortstop, Barmes scored, Atkins to second. Atkins to third on wild pitch by Miller. Torrealba grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Ross grounded out to third. Andino grounded out to shortstop. Hoover struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Hawpe flied out to center. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Cook hit for Corpas. Cook singled to center. Waechter pitching for Marlins. Spilborghs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez hit for Waechter. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Ramirez struck out swinging. Hermida singled to center. Cantu homered to left, Hermida scored. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Barmes singled to left center. Holliday singled to right, Barmes to second. Atkins struck out swinging. Barmes to third, Holliday to second on wild pitch by Kensing. Baker hit sacrifice fly to right, Barmes scored, Holliday to third. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Helms struck out swinging. Ross flied out to center. Andino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Hawpe walked. Podsednik ran for Hawpe. Tulowitzki bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Podsednik out at second. Iannetta hit for Fuentes. Miller pitching for Marlins. Amezaga at second base. Tulowitzki caught stealing second, catcher to second. Iannetta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 10th. Spilborghs in right field. Podsednik in center field. Herges pitching for Rockies. Hoover struck out swinging. Amezaga grounded out to third. Ramirez singled to left. Ramirez stole second. Hermida flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 10th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Spilborghs walked. Barmes struck out swinging, Spilborghs stole second. Holliday intentionally walked. Nelson pitching for Marlins. Atkins fouled out to third. Baker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 11th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Cantu hit by pitch. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cantu out at second. Helms lined out to center. Ross doubled to deep left center, Willingham scored. Jacobs hit for Nelson. Jacobs intentionally walked. Hoover struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 11th. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Torrealba walked. Podsednik sacrificed to catcher, Torrealba to second, Podsednik safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Gregg. Torrealba to third on throwing error by pitcher Gregg. Tulowitzki walked. Quintanilla hit for Herges. Quintanilla grounded into fielder's choice to second, Torrealba out at home, Podsednik to third, Tulowitzki to second. Spilborghs singled to left center, Podsednik and Tulowitzki scored, Quintanilla to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Marlins 5 - Rockies 6.	Spilborghs, Rockies sink Fish in 11 innings