Marlins - Top 1st. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Ramirez homered to center. Hermida walked. Cantu hit by pitch, Hermida to second. Willingham flied out to center. Jacobs doubled to right, Hermida scored, Cantu to third. Ross popped out to second. Treanor homered to left, Cantu and Jacobs scored. Amezaga singled to left center. Olsen grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Spilborghs doubled to deep right center. Barmes doubled to deep left, Spilborghs scored. Holliday struck out looking. Atkins flied out to center. Baker flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Ramirez singled to left. Hermida flied out to left. Cantu singled to left, Ramirez to second. Willingham hit ground rule double to third, Ramirez and Cantu scored. Jacobs walked. Bowers pitching for Rockies. Ross grounded out to third, Willingham to third, Jacobs to second. Treanor walked. Amezaga popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Iannetta struck out swinging. Hawpe struck out swinging. Tulowitzki doubled to deep center. Bowers walked. Spilborghs singled to left, Tulowitzki scored, Bowers to second. Barmes singled to center, Bowers scored, Spilborghs to third. Holliday lined out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Bowers pitching for Rockies. Olsen singled to center. Ramirez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Olsen out at second. Hermida popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Atkins doubled to left, Atkins to third on error by second baseman Amezaga. Baker grounded out to shortstop, Atkins scored. Iannetta flied out to right. Hawpe fouled out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 4th. Bowers pitching for Rockies. Cantu singled to center. Cantu to second on wild pitch by Bowers. Willingham walked. Jacobs singled to left, Cantu to third, Willingham to second. Ross doubled to deep center, Cantu, Willingham and Jacobs scored. Treanor struck out looking. Amezaga doubled to deep left center, Ross scored. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Olsen struck out looking. Ramirez doubled to deep left center, Amezaga scored. Hermida singled to right, Ramirez scored. Cantu flied out to right. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. Vizcaino grounded out to shortstop. Spilborghs homered to left. Barmes lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Willingham grounded out to first. Jacobs singled to shallow right. Ross singled to left, Jacobs to second. Treanor flied out to center. Amezaga lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Holliday homered to right. Atkins singled to left center. Baker doubled to deep left, Atkins to third. Iannetta homered to left, Atkins and Baker scored. Hawpe grounded out to second. Tulowitzki grounded out to second. Cook hit for Vizcaino. Cook lined out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Grilli pitching for Rockies. Olsen grounded out to second. Ramirez flied out to right. Hermida grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Spilborghs homered to left. Barmes singled to center. Holliday struck out swinging. Barmes to second on wild pitch by Tankersley. Atkins homered to left, Barmes scored. Nelson pitching for Marlins. Baker walked. Iannetta walked, Baker to second. Hawpe struck out swinging. Tulowitzki flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Grilli pitching for Rockies. Cantu doubled to deep left center. Willingham doubled to right, Cantu to third. Jacobs intentionally walked. Ross singled to left, Cantu and Willingham scored, Jacobs to second. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Quintanilla at shortstop. Treanor sacrificed to pitcher, Jacobs to third, Ross to second. Amezaga grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jacobs out at home, Ross to third, Amezaga to second. Gonzalez hit for Nelson. Gonzalez singled to center, Ross and Amezaga scored. Ramirez grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Quintanilla doubled to right. Quintanilla to third on wild pitch by Miller. Spilborghs walked. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Barmes walked, Spilborghs to second. Holliday homered to left, Quintanilla, Spilborghs and Barmes scored. Atkins singled to deep center. Baker struck out swinging. Iannetta struck out looking. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Hawpe struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Hermida struck out swinging. Cantu singled to shallow left. Willingham struck out swinging. Jacobs singled to center, Cantu to second. Ross hit by pitch, Cantu to third, Jacobs to second. Treanor fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Taveras hit for Corpas. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Taveras flied out to right. Quintanilla grounded out to shortstop. Cantu at first base. Waechter pitching for Marlins. Helms at third base. Spilborghs fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Amezaga flied out to center. Helms flied out to center. Ramirez walked. Hermida grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Barmes singled to center. Holliday singled to right, Barmes to second. Atkins singled to left, Barmes scored, Holliday to second. Baker grounded into fielder's choice to second, Holliday to third, Atkins safe at second on error by shortstop Ramirez. Iannetta singled to left, Holliday scored, Atkins to third, Baker to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Marlins 17 - Rockies 18.	Rockies rally from 9 down to snag Marlins