Marlins - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Ramirez singled to right center. Ramirez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Hermida singled to center. Helms grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hermida out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop. Barmes flied out to right. Holliday singled to center. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Jacobs walked. Ross struck out swinging. Gonzalez doubled to right, Jacobs to third. Hoover grounded out to shortstop, Jacobs scored. Amezaga struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Baker struck out looking. Hawpe homered to right. Torrealba grounded out to second. Quintanilla safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Jacobs. Cook lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Hendrickson singled to left. Ramirez doubled to deep left, Hendrickson to third. Hermida walked. Helms hit sacrifice fly to right, Hendrickson scored, Ramirez to third. Jacobs grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez scored, Hermida out at second. Ross grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Spilborghs reached on infield single to third. Barmes struck out swinging. Holliday flied out to right. Atkins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez struck out looking. Hoover flied out to center. Amezaga struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Baker walked. Hawpe singled to center, Baker to second. Torrealba popped out to shortstop. Quintanilla flied out to center. Cook doubled to deep left center, Baker scored, Hawpe to third. Spilborghs singled to center, Hawpe and Cook scored, Spilborghs out stretching at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Hendrickson struck out looking. Ramirez fouled out to right. Hermida grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Holliday singled to left. Atkins flied out to right. Holliday stole second. Baker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Helms singled to left. Jacobs doubled to deep right center, Helms to third. Ross singled to right, Helms and Jacobs scored. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Ross to second. Ross picked off second. Hoover reached on infield single to third. Amezaga popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Hawpe lined out to right. Torrealba doubled to deep center. Quintanilla walked. Cook sacrificed to pitcher, Torrealba to third, Quintanilla to second. Spilborghs walked. Barmes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Andino hit for Volstad. Cook pitching for Rockies. Andino grounded out to third. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Hermida fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Holliday struck out looking. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. Baker singled to center. Hawpe walked, Baker to second. Torrealba lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Helms singled to center. Jacobs grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helms out at second. Ross homered to left, Jacobs scored. Grilli pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez lined out to center. Hoover flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Willingham in left field. Quintanilla walked. Taveras hit for Grilli. Taveras singled to center, Quintanilla to third. Quintanilla scored, Taveras to second on wild pitch by Pinto. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Barmes fouled out to first. Holliday grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Amezaga doubled to deep right center. Willingham walked. Ramirez struck out swinging. Bowers pitching for Rockies. Hermida hit by pitch, Amezaga to third, Willingham to second. Helms hit sacrifice fly to center, Amezaga scored, Willingham to third. Jacobs singled to center, Willingham scored, Hermida to second. Ross doubled to deep left, Hermida scored, Jacobs thrown out at home. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Cantu at first base. Atkins singled to center. Baker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Atkins out at second. Hawpe grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 10 - Rockies 5.	Ross, Marlins halt Rockies' five-game win streak