Rockies - Top 1st. Bailey pitching for Reds. Taveras bunt popped out foul to catcher. Barmes singled to left. Barmes caught stealing second, catcher to second. Holliday walked. Hawpe singled to right, Holliday to third. Atkins fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Bruce struck out looking. Keppinger fouled out to first. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Bailey pitching for Reds. Stewart struck out swinging. Tulowitzki singled to center. Torrealba singled to center, Tulowitzki to third. De La Rosa sacrificed to pitcher, Torrealba to second. Taveras safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Encarnacion, Tulowitzki scored, Torrealba to third. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Phillips struck out swinging. Dunn grounded out to second. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Bailey pitching for Reds. Holliday singled to right. Hawpe flied into double play, center to first, Holliday doubled off first. Atkins doubled to deep center. Stewart popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Votto walked. Ross grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Votto out at second. Bailey struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Tulowitzki singled to center. Torrealba singled to left center, Tulowitzki to second. De La Rosa bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Tulowitzki out at third, Torrealba to second. Taveras singled to center, Torrealba thrown out at home, De La Rosa to second. Barmes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Bruce grounded out to pitcher. Keppinger popped out to catcher. Griffey Jr homered to left. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Holliday struck out swinging. Hawpe singled to right. Atkins reached on infield single to third, Hawpe to second. Stewart singled to right, Hawpe thrown out at home, Atkins to third. Tulowitzki singled to left, Atkins scored, Stewart to second. Torrealba singled to center, Stewart scored, Tulowitzki to third, Torrealba to second advancing on throw. De La Rosa singled to left, Tulowitzki and Torrealba scored. Majewski pitching for Reds. Taveras walked, De La Rosa to second. Barmes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Taveras out at second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Dunn struck out swinging. Encarnacion walked. Votto struck out swinging. Ross walked, Encarnacion to second. Phillips hit for Majewski. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Affeldt pitching for Reds. Holliday flied out to right. Hawpe grounded out to second. Atkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Bruce struck out swinging. Keppinger grounded out to second. Griffey Jr walked. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to third, Griffey Jr out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Affeldt pitching for Reds. Stewart flied out to center. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Torrealba grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Dunn singled to right. Dunn to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Votto flied out to center. Dunn to third on wild pitch by De La Rosa. Ross walked. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Valentin hit for Affeldt. Valentin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Lincoln pitching for Reds. Corpas flied out to right. Taveras popped out to second. Barmes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Bruce grounded out to third. Keppinger grounded out to shortstop. Griffey Jr grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Bray pitching for Reds. Holliday popped out to first. Hawpe grounded out to shortstop. Atkins safe at first on error by catcher Ross. Stewart reached on infield single to second, Atkins to second. Tulowitzki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 9th. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Phillips flied out to right. Dunn grounded out to pitcher. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 5 - Reds 1.	Rockies rough up Bailey en route to win vs. Reds