Rockies - Top 1st. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Taveras walked. Taveras stole second. Taveras stole third. Tulowitzki popped out to second. Holliday grounded out to pitcher. Hawpe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Ramirez hit by pitch. Ramirez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Hermida popped out to third. Cantu lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Atkins grounded out to third. Stewart struck out looking. Iannetta safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez. Quintanilla grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Willingham grounded out to third. Uggla flied out to center. Jacobs flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Jimenez struck out swinging. Taveras reached on bunt single to pitcher. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop, Taveras to second, Taveras to third on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez. Holliday stole second. Hawpe singled to center, Taveras and Holliday scored. Atkins struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Ross walked. Baker walked, Ross to second. Volstad struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Baker out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Stewart hit ground rule double to deep center. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. Quintanilla intentionally walked. Jimenez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Quintanilla out at second, Stewart to third. Taveras fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Hermida struck out swinging. Cantu struck out swinging. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Tulowitzki singled to right. Holliday doubled to deep left center, Tulowitzki to third. Hawpe struck out swinging. Atkins flied out to left. Stewart intentionally walked. Iannetta singled to center, Tulowitzki and Holliday scored, Stewart to third. Quintanilla singled to left, Stewart scored, Iannetta to second. Jimenez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Uggla singled to center. Jacobs struck out swinging. Ross struck out looking. Baker singled to right, Uggla to second. Gonzalez hit for Volstad. Gonzalez walked, Uggla to third, Baker to second. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Taveras flied out to right. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Holliday flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Hermida struck out swinging. Cantu grounded out to first. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Hawpe singled to right center. Atkins flied into double play, center to first, Hawpe doubled off first. Stewart walked. Iannetta flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Uggla struck out swinging. Jacobs grounded out to shortstop. Ross struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Quintanilla grounded out to shortstop. Baker hit for Jimenez. Baker singled to deep left. Taveras singled to left, Baker to second. Tulowitzki popped out to shortstop. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Baker lined out to right. Amezaga hit for Hendrickson. Amezaga flied out to right. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Hawpe singled to center. Atkins singled to left, Hawpe to second. Stewart grounded out to first, Hawpe to third, Atkins to second. Iannetta struck out looking. Quintanilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Hermida safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Tulowitzki. Cantu doubled to deep center, Hermida to third. Willingham singled to left, Hermida scored, Cantu to third. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Uggla struck out looking. Jacobs hit sacrifice fly to center, Cantu scored. Ross popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Rockies 5 - Marlins 2.	Jimenez Ks 10 as SO innings streak climbs to 13