Nationals - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Bonifacio grounded out to first. Harris popped out to third. Milledge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Redding pitching for Nationals. Barmes singled to right. Tulowitzki walked, Barmes to second. Holliday doubled to deep right, Barmes scored, Tulowitzki to third. Hawpe singled to right, Tulowitzki and Holliday scored. Atkins flied out to right. Stewart struck out swinging. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Kearns grounded out to third. Flores homered to left. Casto doubled to deep left. Langerhans struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Sullivan struck out swinging. Cook struck out swinging. Barmes singled to center. Barmes stole second. Tulowitzki walked. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Redding singled to right center. Bonifacio singled to left, Redding to second. Harris grounded into fielder's choice to third, Redding and Bonifacio scored on throwing error by pitcher Cook. Milledge singled to left, Harris to third. Kearns walked, Milledge to second. Flores grounded into fielder's choice to first, Harris scored, Kearns out at second, Milledge to third, Milledge scored, Flores to second on throwing error by shortstop Tulowitzki. Flores to third on wild pitch by Cook. Casto grounded out to second. Langerhans struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Hawpe doubled to deep right. Atkins flied out to right. Stewart struck out swinging. Iannetta popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez doubled to deep right. Redding bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gonzalez out at third. Bonifacio singled to left center, Redding to second. Harris lined into double play, second to shortstop, Redding doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Sullivan flied out to center. Cook struck out looking. Barmes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Milledge grounded out to third. Kearns lined out to center. Flores singled to left. Casto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Holliday grounded out to pitcher. Hawpe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Langerhans flied out to left. Gonzalez singled to right center. Redding sacrificed to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Cook. Orr ran for Gonzalez. Bonifacio tripled to deep right, Orr scored. Harris singled to center, Bonifacio scored. Register pitching for Rockies. Milledge struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Orr at shortstop. Redding pitching for Nationals. Atkins singled to center. Stewart walked, Atkins to second. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Iannetta flied out to center, Atkins to third. Sullivan grounded into fielder's choice to second, Atkins scored, Stewart out at second. Quintanilla hit for Register. Quintanilla struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Kearns hit by pitch. Flores struck out swinging. Casto reached on infield single to first, Kearns to second. Langerhans popped out to third. Orr fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Barmes flied out to right. Tulowitzki singled to center. Holliday flied out to right. Hawpe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Belliard hit for Rivera. Herges pitching for Rockies. Belliard singled to left. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Harris homered to right, Belliard scored. Milledge grounded out to shortstop. Kearns walked. Flores grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kearns out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Atkins grounded out to third. Stewart lined out to shortstop. Iannetta walked. Sullivan flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Grilli pitching for Rockies. Casto struck out swinging. Langerhans walked. Orr flied out to left. Zimmerman hit for Ayala. Zimmerman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Colome pitching for Nationals. Smith hit for Grilli. Smith grounded out to second. Barmes struck out swinging. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 9 - Rockies 4.	Redding, Nats top Rockies for fourth win in a row