Rockies - Top 1st. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Quintanilla grounded out to second. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. Holliday walked. Hawpe walked, Holliday to second. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Pierre singled to center. Pierre stole second. Kemp singled to right, Pierre scored. Kent flied into double play, left to shortstop to second, Kemp out at first. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Stewart doubled to center. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. Torrealba struck out swinging. Francis singled to right, Stewart thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Garciaparra singled to left. Blake flied out to center. Martin doubled to left, Garciaparra to third. Ardoin safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki, Garciaparra and Martin scored. Billingsley struck out looking. Ardoin stole second. Pierre struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Quintanilla grounded out to second. Taveras walked. Taveras stole second. Holliday struck out looking. Hawpe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Kemp grounded out to third. Kent singled to center. Ramirez singled to left, Kent to second. Garciaparra flied out to right. Blake popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Atkins struck out swinging. Stewart grounded out to second. Tulowitzki homered to center. Torrealba struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Martin singled to center. Ardoin reached on infield single to pitcher, Martin to second. Billingsley sacrificed to pitcher, Martin to third, Ardoin to second. Pierre struck out swinging. Kemp struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Francis doubled to left. Quintanilla walked. Taveras reached on bunt single to pitcher, Francis to third, Quintanilla to second. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to third, Francis out at home, Quintanilla to third, Taveras to second. Hawpe safe at first on error by first baseman Blake, Quintanilla scored, Taveras to third, Holliday to second. Atkins grounded into double play, third to catcher to first, Taveras out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Kent singled to center. Ramirez flied out to center. Garciaparra flied out to center. Blake grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Stewart struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded out to second. Torrealba safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Martin. Francis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Ardoin lined out to center. Sweeney hit for Billingsley. Sweeney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Park pitching for Dodgers. Quintanilla grounded out to second. Taveras safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Martin. Holliday singled to right, Taveras to second. Hawpe singled to center, Taveras scored, Holliday to third. Atkins grounded out to pitcher, Hawpe to second. Stewart intentionally walked. Tulowitzki grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Pierre grounded out to second. Kemp grounded out to third. Kent flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Ho Park pitching for Dodgers. Torrealba flied out to center. Smith hit for Corpas. Smith walked. Quintanilla struck out swinging. Taveras grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Ramirez fouled out to catcher. Garciaparra fouled out to catcher. Blake lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Loney at first base. Holliday hit by pitch. Holliday stole second, Holliday safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ardoin. Hawpe singled to right center, Holliday scored. Hawpe caught stealing second, catcher to second. Atkins grounded out to second. Stewart lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Martin flied out to center. Ardoin struck out swinging. Loney struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Dodgers 3.	Rockies rally in ninth to beat error-prone Dodgers