Dodgers - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Ethier singled to center. Ramirez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ethier out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Holliday homered to right. Hawpe singled to left. Atkins singled to right center, Hawpe to third. Stewart grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Blake grounded out to third. Garciaparra walked. Kemp doubled to deep center, Garciaparra scored, Kemp to third on error by right fielder Hawpe. DeWitt hit sacrifice fly to left, Kemp scored. Berroa singled to left. Billingsley struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Iannetta flied out to right. Tulowitzki doubled to deep center. Francis struck out swinging. Taveras hit by pitch. Barmes singled to left, Tulowitzki scored, Taveras to second. Holliday flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Martin walked. Ethier grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martin out at second. Ramirez struck out swinging. Blake flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Hawpe singled to center. Atkins grounded out to pitcher, Hawpe to second. Stewart grounded out to shortstop, Hawpe to third. Iannetta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Garciaparra doubled to deep left center. Kemp singled to deep left, Garciaparra scored, Kemp to second on error by left fielder Holliday. DeWitt grounded out to first, Kemp to third. Berroa struck out swinging. Billingsley struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Francis grounded out to shortstop. Taveras walked. Barmes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Martin singled to center. Ethier grounded into fielder's choice to first, Martin safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Atkins. Ramirez flied out to left, Martin thrown out at third, Ethier to second. Blake grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Holliday grounded out to third. Hawpe flied out to left. Atkins walked. Stewart grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Garciaparra struck out looking. Kemp flied out to left. DeWitt lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Iannetta struck out looking. Tulowitzki walked. Helton hit for Francis. Tulowitzki to second on wild pitch by Billingsley. Helton struck out swinging. Taveras flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Grilli pitching for Rockies. Berroa singled to right. Young hit for Billingsley. Young walked, Berroa to second. Martin popped out to second. Ethier struck out swinging. Ramirez singled to deep right, Berroa scored, Young to third. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Loney at first base. Park pitching for Dodgers. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Holliday singled to left. Elbert pitching for Dodgers. Hawpe struck out swinging, Holliday stole second. Wade pitching for Dodgers. DeWitt at third base. Hu at second base. Atkins grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Loney singled to left. Kemp grounded out to second, Loney to second. DeWitt intentionally walked. Berroa grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, DeWitt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Wade pitching for Dodgers. Stewart struck out looking. Iannetta flied out to center. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Hu walked. Martin bunt popped out to pitcher. Ethier singled to center, Hu to second. Ramirez singled to right, Hu to third, Ethier to second. Pierre hit for Wade. Pierre popped out to third. Loney doubled to deep right center, Hu, Ethier and Ramirez scored. Kemp grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Proctor pitching for Dodgers. Pierre in left field. Podsednik hit for Corpas. Podsednik struck out looking. Smith hit for Taveras. Smith grounded out to shortstop. Barmes lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 7 - Rockies 2.	Surging Dodgers ride Loney, Billingsley by Rockies