Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Drew doubled to left. Young singled to center, Drew scored on error by center fielder Smith. Jackson singled to center, Young to second. Dunn doubled to deep right center, Young and Jackson scored. Tracy flied out to center, Dunn to third. Reynolds hit sacrifice fly to center, Dunn scored. Snyder doubled to deep left. Ojeda intentionally walked. Haren singled to right, Snyder scored, Ojeda to third. Drew struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith singled to deep right. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Smith out at second. Spilborghs grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tulowitzki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Young homered to left. Jackson lined out to left. Dunn walked. Herges pitching for Rockies. Tracy fouled out to third. Reynolds singled to center, Dunn to third. Snyder struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe flied out to center. Atkins flied out to center. Stewart fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Herges pitching for Rockies. Ojeda struck out swinging. Haren reached on infield single to shortstop. Drew singled to right center, Haren to second. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Iannetta doubled to right. Barmes lined out to center. Podsednik hit for Herges. Podsednik lined into double play, center to second, Iannetta doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Hirsh pitching for Rockies. Jackson doubled to right, Jackson to third on throwing error by right fielder Hawpe. Dunn singled to left, Jackson scored. Tracy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Dunn out at second. Reynolds struck out swinging. Snyder grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tracy out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith doubled to left. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Spilborghs singled to left, Smith to third. Hawpe struck out swinging. Atkins homered to left, Smith and Spilborghs scored. Stewart grounded out to catcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Hirsh pitching for Rockies. Ojeda singled to right center. Haren safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki, Ojeda to second. Drew walked, Ojeda to third, Haren to second. Young tripled to deep left, Ojeda, Haren and Drew scored. Jackson singled to right center, Young scored. Rusch pitching for Rockies. Baker at third base. Dunn struck out looking. Tracy flied out to right. Reynolds struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Iannetta grounded out to third. Barmes struck out swinging. Baker singled to center. Smith flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Rusch pitching for Rockies. Snyder struck out swinging. Ojeda grounded out to shortstop. Haren singled to center. Drew struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki singled to left. Spilborghs grounded into double play, second to first, Tulowitzki out at second. Hawpe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Young walked. Jackson singled to left, Young to second. Dunn struck out swinging. Tracy singled to deep right, Young scored, Jackson to third. Reynolds flied out to right. Snyder popped out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks. Salazar in right field. Atkins flied out to center. Fowler hit for Vizcaino. Fowler grounded out to second. Iannetta singled to right. Melhuse ran for Iannetta. Barmes singled to center, Melhuse to second. Baker safe at second on error by third baseman Reynolds, Melhuse scored, Barmes to third. Smith struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Register pitching for Rockies. Fowler in center field. Melhuse catching. Ojeda grounded out to first. Salazar popped out to shortstop. Drew flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Petit pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Hawpe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Register pitching for Rockies. Young lined out to third. Jackson struck out swinging. Whitesell hit for Petit. Whitesell homered to right center. Tracy walked. Burke hit for Reynolds. Burke struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Burke at second base. Hammock catching. Ojeda at third base. Quintanilla hit for Atkins. Quintanilla grounded out to second. Fowler grounded out to second. Melhuse struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 13 - Rockies 4.	Young plates 4 as D-backs dump Rockies