Rockies - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Blackmon tripled to deep right center. Story grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blackmon out at home. Arenado safe at first on error by shortstop Díaz, Story to second. González lined out to pitcher. Reynolds lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Carpenter struck out swinging. Piscotty doubled to deep right. Holliday safe at first on error by shortstop Story, Piscotty to third. Grichuk walked, Holliday to second. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Grichuk out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Parra struck out swinging. LeMahieu struck out looking. Wolters flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Moss grounded out to third. Díaz grounded out to third. Wong grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Rusin lined out to left. Blackmon singled to left. Story singled to center, Blackmon to second. Arenado flied out to center. González flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Wainwright grounded out to shortstop. Carpenter walked. Piscotty singled to left, Carpenter to second. Holliday doubled to left, Carpenter and Piscotty scored. Grichuk flied out to center, Holliday to third. Molina lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Reynolds doubled to left. Parra struck out swinging. LeMahieu grounded out to second, Reynolds to third. Wolters grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Moss struck out looking. Díaz singled to right. Wong singled to right, Díaz to third. Wainwright bunted into fielder's choice to first, Díaz out at home, Wong to second. Wong stole third. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Rusin fouled out to first. Blackmon struck out swinging. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Piscotty grounded out to shortstop. Holliday struck out looking. Grichuk flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Arenado singled to left center. González flied out to center. Reynolds grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arenado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Molina flied out to left. Moss struck out swinging. Díaz doubled to left. Wong grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Parra grounded out to pitcher. LeMahieu walked. Wolters singled to left center, LeMahieu to second. Raburn hit for Rusin. Raburn flied out to right, LeMahieu to third. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Tejada at second base. Blackmon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Germen pitching for Rockies. Tejada struck out swinging. Carpenter walked. Piscotty singled to left center, Carpenter thrown out at third, Piscotty to second advancing on throw. Holliday walked, Piscotty to third on passed ball. Holliday batting. Hazelbaker ran for Holliday. Qualls pitching for Rockies. Grichuk grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hazelbaker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Hazelbaker in left field. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Story struck out looking. Arenado popped out to second. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Qualls pitching for Rockies. Molina grounded out to second. Moss flied out to left. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Reynolds walked. Parra struck out swinging. LeMahieu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 0 - Cardinals 2.	Wainwright's arm, Holliday's bat pace Cardinals