Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Segura walked. Bourn singled to right, Segura to third. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, third to second to first, Segura scored, Bourn out at second. Castillo hit ground rule double to deep left. Tomás singled to left, Castillo scored, Tomás to second advancing on throw. Drury singled to center, Tomás scored. Owings singled to left center, Drury to second. Greinke flied out to left. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter grounded out to third. Díaz flied out to right. Piscotty reached on infield single to third. Adams fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Ahmed doubled to left. Segura flied out to left. Bourn reached on infield single to second, Ahmed to third. Goldschmidt singled to left, Ahmed scored, Bourn to second. Castillo grounded out to second, Bourn to third, Goldschmidt to second. Tomás grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina lined out to first. Moss flied out to right. Grichuk popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Drury singled to left center. Owings singled to right, Drury to third, Owings thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Greinke hit sacrifice fly to right, Drury scored. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong doubled to deep right center. Bowman sacrificed to pitcher, Wong to third. Carpenter struck out swinging. Díaz walked. Piscotty flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Segura lined out to right. Bourn grounded out to third. Goldschmidt walked. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Adams struck out swinging. Molina struck out swinging. Moss homered to right (397 feet). Grichuk grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Tomás grounded out to third. Drury popped out to third. Owings grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong grounded out to second. Bowman struck out swinging. Carpenter singled to right. Díaz fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Greinke singled to right. Ahmed singled to center, Greinke to second. Segura grounded into fielder's choice to third, Greinke out at third, Ahmed to second, Ahmed to third on throwing error by third baseman Carpenter. Bourn singled to right, Ahmed scored, Segura to third. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Segura scored, Bourn out at second. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Piscotty flied out to center. Adams struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Broxton pitching for Cardinals. Tomás grounded out to shortstop. Drury grounded out to shortstop. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Moss struck out swinging. Grichuk struck out swinging. Wong singled to left. Hazelbaker hit for Broxton. Hazelbaker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Fryer catching. Tejada at third base. Lyons pitching for Cardinals. Hazelbaker in right field. Greinke grounded out to second. Ahmed fouled out to catcher. Segura grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Fryer grounded out to third. Díaz flied out to right. Tejada flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Kiekhefer pitching for Cardinals. Bourn grounded out to first. Goldschmidt hit by pitch. Castillo lined out to shortstop. Tomás grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Adams walked. Kiekhefer grounded out to pitcher, Adams to second. Moss grounded out to pitcher. Grichuk doubled to center, Adams scored. Wong struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 7 - Cardinals 2.	Greinke, Diamondbacks too much for Cardinals, 7-2