Cubs - Top 1st . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Fowler grounded out to third . Rizzo doubled to left . Bryant struck out swinging . Soler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Jay hit by pitch . Carpenter flied out to center . Holliday singled to center , Jay to third . Adams popped out to shortstop , Jay tagged out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Castro struck out swinging , Castro safe at first on wild pitch by Lyons . Lake singled to right , Castro to second . Castillo struck out looking . Hendricks struck out looking . Russell walked , Castro to third , Lake to second . Fowler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Russell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Peralta doubled to right . Heyward flied out to center , Peralta to third . Molina singled to center , Peralta scored . Wong grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Rizzo singled to right center . Bryant struck out swinging . Soler hit sacrifice fly to left , Rizzo scored . Castro struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Lyons grounded out to shortstop . Jay struck out looking . Carpenter walked . Holliday flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Lake flied out to right . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Hendricks struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Adams walked . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Adams safe at second on error by third baseman Bryant . Heyward grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Peralta out at second , Adams to third . Molina grounded into double play to third , Heyward out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 5th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Russell doubled to deep left . Fowler sacrificed to pitcher , Russell to third . Rizzo walked . Bryant singled to left , Russell scored , Rizzo to second . Soler singled to left , Rizzo to third , Bryant to second . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rizzo and Bryant scored , Soler out at second . Lake struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Wong doubled to deep right . Bourjos hit for Maness . Bourjos hit by pitch . Jay flied out to left . Carpenter homered to right ( 379 feet ) , Wong and Bourjos scored . Holliday singled to center . Adams lined out to right . Peralta flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Harris pitching for Cardinals . Castillo flied out to center . Coghlan hit for Hendricks . Coghlan fouled out to third . Russell doubled to deep left . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Heyward grounded out to pitcher . Molina singled to left center . Wong singled to center , Molina to second . Reynolds hit for Harris . Reynolds doubled to deep right center , Molina scored , Wong to third . Jay hit by pitch . Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to left , Wong scored . Holliday reached on infield single to second , Reynolds to third , Jay to second . Russell pitching for Cubs . Adams grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds at first base . Rizzo singled to right . Bryant lined out to left . Soler struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Russell pitching for Cubs . Peralta flied out to right . Heyward reached on infield single to second . Molina grounded out to third , Heyward to third . Wong reached on infield single to shortstop , Heyward scored . Reynolds flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Lake flied out to center . Castillo doubled to deep right . Ross hit for Russell . Ross walked . Socolovich pitching for Cardinals . Russell struck out swinging . Fowler walked , Castillo to third , Ross to second . Rizzo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Coke pitching for Cubs . Jay grounded out to pitcher . Carpenter struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Bryant grounded out to shortstop . Soler grounded out to third . Castro singled to center . Castro to second on fielder 's indifference . Lake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 4 - Cardinals 7 .	Navy vet Harris gets 1st win ; Cards ' streak at 8