Cubs - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler walked . Bryant struck out swinging . Rizzo popped out to first . Fowler stole second . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Pollock struck out looking . Trumbo doubled to right . Goldschmidt walked . Peralta grounded out to first , Trumbo to third , Goldschmidt to second . Tomás singled to right , Trumbo and Goldschmidt scored , Tomás to second advancing on throw . Hill grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Montero struck out swinging . Soler grounded out to shortstop . Coghlan bunt popped out foul to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Gosewisch struck out looking . Ahmed struck out looking . De La Rosa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Arrieta grounded out to third . Russell struck out swinging . Fowler grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Pollock reached on infield single to shortstop . Pollock caught stealing second , catcher to second . Trumbo safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Bryant . Goldschmidt flied out to right . Peralta lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Bryant singled to right . Rizzo struck out swinging . Bryant stole second . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop . Montero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Tomás struck out swinging . Hill singled to left center . Hill caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Gosewisch struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Soler singled to right . Coghlan singled to right , Soler to second . Arrieta struck out swinging . Russell walked , Soler to third , Coghlan to second . Fowler struck out swinging . Bryant hit by pitch , Soler scored , Coghlan to third , Russell to second . Rizzo doubled to deep left , Coghlan , Russell and Bryant scored . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Ahmed singled to center . De La Rosa bunt popped out foul to catcher . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ahmed safe at second on error by second baseman Russell . Trumbo struck out swinging . Goldschmidt walked , Ahmed to third , Pollock to second . Peralta doubled to deep center , Ahmed , Pollock and Goldschmidt scored . Tomás struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Montero lined out to left . Soler struck out swinging . Coghlan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Hill grounded out to third . Gosewisch homered to left ( 366 feet ) . Ahmed lined out to left . Owings hit for De La Rosa . Owings grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Ramírez pitching for Diamondbacks . Baxter hit for Arrieta . Baxter struck out swinging . Russell grounded out to pitcher . Fowler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Pollock grounded out to third . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Ramirez pitching for Diamondbacks . Bryant flied out to right . Rizzo grounded out to shortstop . Castro singled to right . Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks . Inciarte in right field . Montero hit by pitch , Castro to second . Soler doubled to deep right , Castro and Montero scored . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Coghlan walked . Lake hit for Jackson . Soler to third , Coghlan to second on wild pitch by Hudson . Lake struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Russell pitching for Cubs . Peralta flied out to left . Motte pitching for Cubs . Tomás grounded out to second . Hill grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks . Russell struck out swinging . Fowler singled to center . Bryant safe at first on error by third baseman Tomás , Fowler to second . Rizzo homered to right center ( 396 feet ) , Fowler and Bryant scored . Castro struck out swinging . Montero struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Strop pitching for Cubs . Gosewisch grounded out to shortstop . Ahmed struck out swinging . Inciarte flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 9 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Rizzo drives in 6 , Cubs rally late to beat D - Backs 9 - 6