Mariners - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Smith struck out swinging . Haniger struck out swinging . Santana homered to right ( 370 feet ) . Bruce flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . García safe at first on error by shortstop Beckham . Anderson singled to shallow center , García to second . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , García scored on throwing error by shortstop Beckham , Abreu safe at first on error by shortstop Beckham , Anderson safe at second on error by shortsto . Castillo walked , Abreu to second , Anderson to third . Moncada doubled to deep center , Anderson scored and Abreu scored , Castillo to third . Jiménez struck out swinging . Alonso grounded out to first . Rondón lined out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 4 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Beckham grounded out to third . Narváez singled to right center . Healy struck out swinging . Vogelbach popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Engel doubled to left . García reached on bunt single to catcher , Engel to third . García stole second . García stole second . Anderson singled to center , Engel scored and García scored . Abreu singled to right , Anderson to third . Castillo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Anderson scored , Abreu out at second . Moncada struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Gordon walked . Gordon stole second . Gordon stole second . Smith walked . Haniger flied out to center , Smith to second , Gordon to third . Santana grounded out to shortstop , Gordon scored , Smith to third . Bruce struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Jiménez grounded out to shortstop . Alonso lined out to center . Rondón doubled to left . Engel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Beckham doubled to left . Narváez grounded out to second , Beckham to third . Healy hit sacrifice fly to right , Beckham scored . Vogelbach homered to left ( 360 feet ) . Gordon walked . Smith struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Moore at second base . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . García grounded out to shortstop . Anderson flied out to left . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Haniger flied out to right . Santana walked . Santana to second on passed ball by . Santana to second on passed ball by Castillo . Bruce lined out to first . Beckham popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Castillo struck out swinging . Moncada grounded out to second . Jiménez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Narváez singled to right . Healy homered to left ( 373 feet ) , Narváez scored . Fry pitching for White Sox . Vogelbach struck out swinging . Moore grounded out to third . Smith walked . Haniger homered to center ( 410 feet ) , Smith scored . Burr pitching for White Sox . Santana struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Festa pitching for Mariners . Alonso walked . Rondón grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Alonso out at second . Engel popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Burr pitching for White Sox . Bruce popped out to shortstop . Beckham flied out to right . Narváez singled to left . Healy fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Gearrin pitching for Mariners . García walked . Anderson walked , García to second . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson to second , García to third . Castillo hit by pitch , García scored , Abreu to second , Anderson to third . Rosscup pitching for Mariners . Moncada singled to deep center , Abreu scored and Anderson scored , Castillo to second . Jiménez grounded out to third , Moncada to second , Castillo to third . Alonso walked . Palka hit for Rondón . Bradford pitching for Mariners . Palka popped out to shortstop . Sánchez hit for Engel . Sánchez lined out to center . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . García in center field . Cordell in right field . Sánchez at second base . Herrera pitching for White Sox . Vogelbach singled to left . Moore grounded out to first , Vogelbach to second . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vogelbach out at third . Haniger fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Bradford pitching for Mariners . García grounded out to second . Anderson homered to left ( 343 feet ) . Abreu struck out swinging . Castillo struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Colomé pitching for White Sox . Santana flied out to right . Bruce struck out swinging . Beckham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - White Sox 10 .	Moncada , White Sox win home opener , beat messy Mariners