Mariners - Top 1st . Bailey pitching for Royals . Haniger flied out to left . Santana singled to left . Bruce struck out swinging . Encarnación grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Merrifield reached on infield single to shortstop . Mondesi doubled to deep center , Merrifield scored . Gordon singled to right , Mondesi scored . Soler struck out looking . O'Hearn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gordon out at second . Dozier hit by pitch , O'Hearn to second . Owings flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Bailey pitching for Royals . Vogelbach homered to right ( 378 feet ) . Healy grounded out to shortstop . Narváez struck out swinging . Moore homered to left center ( 432 feet ) . Gordon grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Bradford pitching for Mariners . Maldonado grounded out to third . Hamilton singled to left center . Merrifield singled to left , Hamilton to second . Mondesi lined out to left . Gordon singled to right , Hamilton scored , Merrifield to third . Soler grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Bailey pitching for Royals . Haniger struck out swinging . Santana grounded out to first . Bruce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Bradford pitching for Mariners . O'Hearn walked . Dozier reached on infield single to third , O'Hearn to second . Owings singled to left , O'Hearn scored , Dozier to second . Maldonado flied out to center , Owings to second , Dozier to third . Hamilton grounded out to second . Merrifield struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Bailey pitching for Royals . Encarnación walked . Vogelbach struck out looking , Encarnación caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Healy popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Elías pitching for Mariners . Mondesi grounded out to second . Gordon struck out swinging . Soler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Bailey pitching for Royals . Narváez singled to left center . Moore singled to left , Narváez to second . Gordon sacrificed to pitcher , Moore to second , Narváez to third . Haniger struck out swinging . Santana singled to left , Narváez scored and Moore scored . Bruce struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Elias pitching for Mariners . O'Hearn walked . Dozier lined out to center . Owings struck out swinging . Maldonado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Bailey pitching for Royals . Encarnación homered to left center ( 415 feet ) . Vogelbach walked . Healy singled to left , Vogelbach to second . Hill pitching for Royals . Narváez lined out to center . Moore hit by pitch , Healy to second , Vogelbach to third . Gordon singled to center , Vogelbach scored , Moore to second , Healy to third . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Haniger singled to right , Healy scored , Gordon to second , Moore to third . Santana doubled to left , Moore scored and Gordon scored , Haniger to third . Bruce grounded out to pitcher . Encarnación homered to left ( 378 feet ) , Haniger scored and Santana scored . Vogelbach walked . Barlow pitching for Royals . Healy struck out swinging . 8 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Elias pitching for Mariners . Hamilton struck out swinging . Merrifield grounded out to second . Mondesi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Gore in right field . Barlow pitching for Royals . Narváez struck out looking . Moore struck out looking . Gordon singled to center . Haniger grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Sadzeck pitching for Mariners . Gordon struck out swinging . Soler popped out to second . O'Hearn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Barlow pitching for Royals . Santana lined out to third . Bruce homered to right center ( 430 feet ) . Encarnación popped out to second . Vogelbach walked . Healy singled to right , Vogelbach to third . Narváez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Sadzeck pitching for Mariners . Dozier struck out swinging . Owings lined out to center . Maldonado lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Moore flied out to right . Gordon grounded out to second . Haniger grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Gearrin pitching for Mariners . Hamilton grounded out to first . Gore singled to left . Schwindel hit for Mondesi . Schwindel struck out swinging . Duda hit for Gordon . Duda doubled to deep right , Gore scored . Soler walked . O'Hearn flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 13 - Royals 5 .	Encarnacion HRs twice in 6th , Mariners roll over Royals 13 - 5