Rangers - Top 1st . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Choo reached on infield single to second . Santana struck out looking . Andrus lined out to center . Mazara grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Haniger walked . Santana walked , Haniger to second . Santana to second on passed ball by Kiner - Falefa , Haniger to third on passed ball by Kiner - Falefa . Encarnación walked . Beckham reached on infield single to third , Haniger scored , Encarnación to second , Santana to third . Vogelbach flied out to left . Healy doubled to left , Beckham scored , Santana scored and Encarnación scored . Narváez walked . Moore singled to left , Narváez to second , Healy to third . Martin pitching for Rangers . Gordon hit sacrifice fly to right , Healy scored . Haniger grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Gallo struck out swinging . Forsythe struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Wisdom at third base . Martin pitching for Rangers . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Encarnación lined out to third . Beckham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Kiner - Falefa flied out to center . DeShields struck out looking . Choo hit ground rule double to deep left . Santana grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Martin pitching for Rangers . Vogelbach struck out swinging . Healy grounded out to second . Narváez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Andrus singled to right . Mazara grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Andrus out at second . Gallo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Moore walked . Gordon singled to shallow left , Moore to second . Haniger struck out looking . Gordon to second on wild pitch by Martin , Moore to third on wild pitch by Martin . Gordon to second on wild pitch by Martin , Moore to third on wild pitch by Martin . Santana doubled to right center , Gordon scored and Moore scored . Springs pitching for Rangers . Encarnación struck out swinging . Beckham grounded out to catcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Forsythe singled to center . Wisdom flied out to center . Kiner - Falefa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Forsythe out at second . DeShields popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Springs pitching for Rangers . Vogelbach walked . Healy singled to right , Vogelbach to third . Narváez hit sacrifice fly to left , Vogelbach scored . Moore doubled to right center , Healy to third . Gordon singled to shallow left , Healy scored , Moore to third . Gómez pitching for Rangers . Haniger lined out to shortstop . Santana lined out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Choo grounded out to shortstop . Santana struck out swinging . Andrus singled to left . Mazara grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Andrus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Gomez pitching for Rangers . Encarnación hit by pitch . Beckham homered to center ( 416 feet ) , Encarnación scored . Vogelbach grounded out to first . Healy doubled to left . Narváez grounded out to second , Healy to third . Moore singled to left , Healy scored . Gordon struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Smith in center field . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Gallo struck out looking . Forsythe struck out looking . Wisdom singled to left . Kiner - Falefa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Gomez pitching for Rangers . Smith walked . Santana flied out to right . Smith to second on wild pitch by Gómez . Encarnación reached on infield single to second , Smith to third . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Beckham walked , Encarnación to second . Vogelbach hit ground rule double to right , Smith scored and Encarnación scored , Beckham to third . Healy struck out swinging . Narváez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Elías pitching for Mariners . DeShields struck out looking . Choo safe at first on error by pitcher Elías . Santana singled to left , Choo to second . Andrus lined out to left . Mazara singled to left center , Choo scored , Santana to third . Gallo walked , Mazara to second . Forsythe walked , Santana scored , Gallo to second , Mazara to third . Wisdom struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Moore struck out swinging . Gordon singled to right . Smith popped out to shortstop . Santana grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Bradford pitching for Mariners . Kiner - Falefa singled to right . DeShields grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kiner - Falefa out at second . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - Mariners 14 .	Gonzales improves to 5 - 0 , Mariners beat Rangers 14 - 2