Mariners - Top 1st . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Gordon struck out swinging . Haniger popped out to second . Vogelbach singled to right . Encarnación struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . LeMahieu flied out to center . Voit grounded out to third . Sánchez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Santana walked . Bruce doubled to deep right center , Santana to third . Beckham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bruce to third , Santana out at home . Healy hit sacrifice fly to center , Bruce scored . Murphy lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Andújar grounded out to shortstop . Frazier flied out to center . Torres flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Gordon singled to center . Haniger grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gordon out at second . Vogelbach grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Urshela doubled to deep right . Maybin flied out to right , Urshela to third . Gardner grounded out to second , Urshela scored . LeMahieu singled to center . Voit struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Encarnación walked . Santana lined out to right . Bruce singled to deep right center , Encarnación to second . Beckham flied out to left . Healy popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Sánchez flied out to right . Andújar flied out to left . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Murphy struck out swinging . Gordon lined out to left . Haniger lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Torres flied out to center . Urshela struck out swinging . Maybin reached on infield single to shortstop . Maybin to second on throwing error by pitcher Gonzales , Maybin out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Vogelbach grounded out to pitcher . Encarnación homered to left ( 394 feet ) . Santana flied out to center . Bruce flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Gardner flied out to left . LeMahieu walked . Voit hit by pitch , LeMahieu to second . Sánchez popped out to shortstop . Andújar grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Voit out at second in rundown , LeMahieu to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Beckham safe at second on error by right fielder Frazier . Healy struck out looking . Narváez hit for Murphy . Holder pitching for Yankees . Narváez lined into double play , second to shortstop , Beckham doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Narváez catching . Gearrin pitching for Mariners . Frazier singled to right . Torres singled to center , Frazier to second . Urshela grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Torres out at second , Frazier to third . Maybin grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Urshela out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Haniger singled to right . Vogelbach safe at first on error by third baseman Urshela , Haniger to second . Encarnación lined out to left . Santana singled to left , Haniger scored , Vogelbach to second . Bruce doubled to left , Santana scored and Vogelbach scored . Beckham grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Brennan pitching for Mariners . Gardner walked . LeMahieu walked , Gardner to second . Voit grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LeMahieu out at second , Gardner to third . Sánchez struck out swinging . Gardner scored on Brennan wild pitch , Voit to second on wild pitch by Brennan . Andújar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Harvey pitching for Yankees . Healy singled to left . Moore ran for Healy . Narváez flied out to right . Gordon singled to right , Moore to third . Gordon stole second . Haniger grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gordon to third , Moore out at home . Vogelbach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Moore at third base . Swarzak pitching for Mariners . Frazier flied out to left . Torres singled to center . Urshela homered to center ( 433 feet ) , Torres scored . Maybin singled to right . Elías pitching for Mariners . Maybin stole second . Gardner struck out swinging . LeMahieu singled to right , Maybin scored . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 4 - Yankees 5 .	LeMahieu drives in Maybin , Yanks rally to beat Mariners 5 - 4