Mariners - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Haniger struck out swinging . Seager walked . Encarnación walked , Seager to second . Santana struck out swinging . Vogelbach grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Leake pitching for Mariners . Semien grounded out to third . Grossman walked . Chapman homered to center ( 415 feet ) , Grossman scored . Olson singled to right center . Canha flied out to center . Profar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Olson out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Beckham grounded out to second . Bruce doubled to left . Murphy grounded out to third , Bruce to third . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Leake pitching for Mariners . Laureano struck out swinging . Bolt grounded out to shortstop . Phegley homered to left ( 388 feet ) . Semien popped out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Haniger singled to center . Seager hit by pitch , Haniger to second . Encarnación grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Seager out at second , Haniger to third . Santana lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Leake pitching for Mariners . Grossman lined out to left . Chapman grounded out to shortstop . Olson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Vogelbach walked . Beckham grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vogelbach out at second . Bruce singled to center . Bruce to second on passed ball by . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Leake pitching for Mariners . Canha struck out swinging . Profar grounded out to third . Laureano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Crawford walked . Haniger grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crawford out at second . Seager grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Leake pitching for Mariners . Bolt grounded out to third . Phegley grounded out to third . Semien lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Encarnación grounded out to shortstop . Santana flied out to right . Vogelbach flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Leake pitching for Mariners . Grossman struck out looking . Chapman grounded out to shortstop . Olson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Beckham struck out looking . Bruce homered to right ( 414 feet ) . Murphy singled to right center . Petit pitching for Athletics . Crawford struck out swinging . Haniger flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Leake pitching for Mariners . Canha walked . Profar grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Canha out at second . Laureano popped out to shortstop . Profar stole second . Bolt walked . Elías pitching for Mariners . Phegley doubled to left , Bolt scored and Profar scored . Semien popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Seager flied out to center . Encarnación popped out to third . Santana singled to left center . Buchter pitching for Athletics . Vogelbach flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Elias pitching for Mariners . Grossman singled to left center . Chapman doubled to left , Grossman to third . Olson struck out swinging . Grossman scored on error by pitcher Elías , Canha safe at first on error by pitcher Elías , Chapman safe at third on error by pitcher Elías . Profar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chapman scored , Canha out at second . McKay pitching for Mariners . Laureano reached on infield single to shortstop , Profar to second . Bolt flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 9th . Soria pitching for Athletics . Beckham struck out swinging . Bruce grounded out to third . Murphy popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 1 - Athletics 7 .	A 's beat Mariners 7 - 1 to complete sweep , keep streak going