Mariners - Top 1st . Berrios pitching for Twins . Smith doubled to deep left center . Seager grounded out to shortstop , Smith to third . Encarnación struck out swinging . Vogelbach popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Bautista pitching for Mariners . Kepler grounded out to first . Polanco flied out to center . Cruz walked . Rosario flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Santana struck out looking . Narváez walked . Gordon doubled to right , Narváez to third . Long grounded out to shortstop . Moore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Bautista pitching for Mariners . Garver singled to center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Cron singled to left , Garver to second . Milone pitching for Mariners . Sanó struck out swinging . Buxton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cron out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Smith grounded out to first . Seager walked . Encarnación popped out to second . Vogelbach singled to deep right , Seager to third . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vogelbach out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Milone pitching for Mariners . Kepler flied out to center . Polanco struck out swinging . Cruz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Narváez doubled to deep right . Gordon grounded out to second , Narváez to third . Long struck out looking . Moore grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Milone pitching for Mariners . Rosario grounded out to first . Garver struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Smith struck out swinging . Seager struck out swinging . Encarnación grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Milone pitching for Mariners . Cron grounded out to first . Sanó doubled to left . Buxton flied out to center . Kepler popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Vogelbach homered to right ( 399 feet ) . Santana singled to left . Narváez flied out to left . Gordon flied out to left . Santana caught stealing first , shortstop to pitcher . Jose Berrios pitches to Shed Long . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Milone pitching for Mariners . Polanco lined out to center . Cruz struck out swinging . Rosario flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Long grounded out to second . Moore fouled out to catcher . Smith doubled to left center . Morin pitching for Twins . Seager grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Milone pitching for Mariners . Garver struck out looking . Gonzalez homered to left ( 385 feet ) . Cron popped out to second . Sanó safe at first on error by third baseman Seager , Sanó thrown out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . May pitching for Twins . Encarnación walked . Vogelbach singled to deep right , Encarnación to third . Santana hit sacrifice fly to center , Encarnación scored . Parker pitching for Twins . Narváez singled to left , Vogelbach to second . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Vogelbach scored , Gordon safe at first on error by first baseman Cron , Narváez safe at second on error by first baseman Cron . Long homered to right ( 358 feet ) , Narváez scored and Gordon scored . Eades pitching for Twins . Moore struck out looking . Smith singled to center . Smith stole second , Smith safe at third on throwing error by catcher Garver . Seager struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Milone pitching for Mariners . Buxton popped out to third . Kepler homered to right ( 396 feet ) . Polanco singled to shallow center . Gearrin pitching for Mariners . Cruz singled to left , Polanco to second . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cruz out at second , Polanco to third . Garver singled to right , Polanco scored , Rosario to second . Gonzalez singled to center , Rosario scored , Garver to third . Bass pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Bass . Cron flied out to left . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Eades pitching for Twins . Encarnación grounded out to shortstop . Vogelbach reached on infield single to shortstop . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Vogelbach out at second . Narváez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Bass pitching for Mariners . Sanó singled to center . Buxton homered to left center ( 432 feet ) , Sanó scored . Kepler grounded out to pitcher . Polanco grounded out to first . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 10th . Duffey pitching for Twins . Gordon hit ground rule double to deep left . Long walked . Moore sacrificed to pitcher , Long to second , Gordon to third . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gordon scored on error by catcher Garver , Smith safe at second on error by first baseman Cron , Long safe at third on error by first baseman Cron . Seager struck out swinging . Long scored on error by third baseman Sanó and Smith scored on throwing error by third baseman Sanó , Encarnación safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Sanó . Vogelbach intentionally walked . Santana struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 3 Errors . Twins - Bottom 10th . Elías pitching for Mariners . Rosario struck out swinging . Garver grounded out to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 9 - Twins 6 .	Gordon helps Mariners beat sloppy Twins 9 - 6 in 10 innings