Cardinals - Top 1st . Carasiti pitching for Mariners . Edman struck out swinging . Martínez singled to center . DeJong flied out to center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Smith popped out to second . Crawford homered to right center ( 407 feet ) . Santana singled to center . Vogelbach flied out to right . Narváez fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Milone pitching for Mariners . O'Neill singled to center . Fowler grounded into double play , third to second to first , O'Neill out at second . Muñoz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Beckham walked . Nola lined out to center . Moore grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Beckham out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Milone pitching for Mariners . Bader struck out swinging . Wieters homered to left ( 406 feet ) . Edman struck out swinging . Martínez doubled to right . DeJong lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Gordon singled to right . Smith doubled to left , Gordon to third . Crawford grounded out to second , Gordon scored , Smith to third . Santana grounded out to third . Vogelbach singled to right , Smith scored . Narváez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vogelbach out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Milone pitching for Mariners . Goldschmidt flied out to left . O'Neill singled to left . Fowler homered to left center ( 397 feet ) , O'Neill scored . Muñoz grounded out to shortstop . Bader grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Beckham homered to left center ( 434 feet ) . Nola grounded out to shortstop . Moore walked . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Gordon struck out swinging , Moore caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Milone pitching for Mariners . Wieters flied out to center . Edman reached on infield single to second . Martínez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Edman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Smith struck out swinging . Crawford popped out to shortstop . Santana grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Milone pitching for Mariners . DeJong flied out to center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . O'Neill lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Vogelbach walked . Narváez struck out swinging . Beckham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vogelbach out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Milone pitching for Mariners . Fowler walked . Muñoz struck out swinging . Bader singled to left , Fowler to second . Festa pitching for Mariners . Wieters walked , Bader to second , Fowler to third . Edman singled to right , Bader scored and Fowler scored , Wieters to second . Gearrin pitching for Mariners . Martínez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Edman out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Nola flied out to right . Moore singled to right . Gordon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Moore out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Gearrin pitching for Mariners . DeJong lined out to left . Goldschmidt doubled to deep left . O'Neill struck out swinging . Fowler intentionally walked . Muñoz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goldschmidt out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Thomas in center field . Thomas in center field . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Smith reached on infield single to pitcher . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Crawford fouled out to third . Santana singled to shallow left , Smith to second . Santana to second on wild pitch by Miller , Smith to third on wild pitch by Miller . Vogelbach struck out swinging . Narváez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Altavilla pitching for Mariners . Wong flied out to left . Wieters grounded out to pitcher . Thomas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Martínez pitching for Cardinals . Beckham struck out swinging . Nola singled to center . Seager hit for Moore . Seager grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Nola out at second . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Mariners 4 .	Another big hit from Edman lifts Cardinals past Mariners 5 - 4