Angels - Top 1st . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Fletcher popped out to first . Trout grounded out to first . Ohtani struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Peters pitching for Angels . Smith struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to second . Santana walked . Beckham flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Upton struck out swinging . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . Pujols homered to right ( 369 feet ) . Goodwin doubled to third . Garneau flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Peters pitching for Angels . Narváez walked . Murphy flied out to left . Seager flied out to center . Nola flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Rengifo popped out to second . Fletcher grounded out to third . Trout walked . Ohtani grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Peters pitching for Angels . Gordon singled to right center . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gordon out at second . Smith picked off and caught stealing second . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Upton struck out swinging . Simmons popped out to shortstop . Pujols reached on infield single to shortstop . Goodwin homered to left ( 397 feet ) , Pujols scored . Garneau reached on infield single to third . Rengifo tripled to right , Garneau scored . Fletcher reached on infield single to third , Rengifo scored . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fletcher out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Peters pitching for Angels . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Beckham singled to left center . Narváez struck out swinging . Murphy hit ground rule double to deep left , Beckham to third . Seager popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Ohtani doubled to deep left center . Upton doubled to shallow left , Ohtani scored . Simmons grounded out to second , Upton to third . Pujols hit sacrifice fly to left , Upton scored . Goodwin grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Peters pitching for Angels . Nola struck out swinging . Gordon reached on infield single to catcher . Smith struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Swanson pitching for Mariners . Garneau grounded out to shortstop . Rengifo grounded out to pitcher . Fletcher struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Santana reached on infield single to third . Beckham walked , Santana to second . Narváez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Beckham out at second , Santana to third . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Swanson pitching for Mariners . Trout homered to left ( 376 feet ) . Ohtani singled to center . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ohtani out at second . Simmons lined into double play , right to first , Upton doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Negrón hit for Seager . Mejía pitching for Angels . Negrón grounded out to shortstop . Nola singled to center . Gordon singled to center , Nola to second . Smith doubled to third , Nola scored , Gordon to third . Crawford struck out swinging . García pitching for Angels . Santana struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Moore at shortstop . Negrón at third base . Festa pitching for Mariners . Pujols struck out looking . Goodwin struck out looking . Garneau homered to left ( 405 feet ) . Rengifo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Garcia pitching for Angels . Beckham reached on infield single to third . Narváez lined out to left . Murphy struck out swinging . Negrón singled to center , Beckham to second . Nola struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Festa pitching for Mariners . Fletcher struck out swinging . Trout struck out swinging . Ohtani grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Cahill pitching for Angels . Gordon grounded out to second . Smith walked . Moore singled to center , Smith to second . Santana singled to center , Smith scored , Moore to second . Beckham walked , Santana to second , Moore to third . Moore scored on Cahill wild pitch , Beckham to second on wild pitch by Cahill , Santana to third on wild pitch by Cahill . Narváez struck out swinging . Murphy lined out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 9 - Mariners 3 .	Pujols , Trout homer , Goodwin 2 HRs , Angels beat Mariners 9 - 3