Mariners - Top 1st . Jurado pitching for Rangers . Smith grounded out to pitcher . Crawford lined out to center . Santana homered to right center ( 425 feet ) . Vogelbach flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Leake pitching for Mariners . Choo grounded out to first . Santana struck out swinging . Andrus lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Jurado pitching for Rangers . Beckham struck out looking . Seager homered to center ( 405 feet ) . Nola doubled to deep right center . Murphy flied out to left . Broxton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Leake pitching for Mariners . Mazara flied out to center . Calhoun reached on infield single to second . Odor grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Calhoun out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Jurado pitching for Rangers . Smith singled to right center . Smith stole second . Smith stole second . Smith stole third . Crawford grounded out to first . Santana walked . Vogelbach singled to left , Smith scored on error by left fielder Calhoun , Santana to second , Santana safe at third on error by left fielder Calhoun . Beckham grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santana scored , Vogelbach out at second . Seager flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Leake pitching for Mariners . Cabrera hit by pitch . DeShields struck out looking . Federowicz grounded out to third , Cabrera to second . Choo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Jurado pitching for Rangers . Nola doubled to deep right . Murphy struck out looking . Broxton singled to left center , Nola to third . Smith struck out swinging . Broxton stole second . Crawford walked . Santana grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Leake pitching for Mariners . Santana grounded out to first . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Mazara doubled to left . Calhoun singled to left , Mazara to third . Odor singled to right , Mazara scored , Calhoun to second . Cabrera grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Vogelbach doubled to left . Beckham singled to left , Vogelbach to third . Seager singled to right , Vogelbach scored , Beckham to second . Nola popped out to second . Murphy flied out to left , Seager to second , Beckham to third . Broxton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Leake pitching for Mariners . DeShields reached on infield single to catcher . DeShields caught stealing second , catcher to second . Federowicz singled to left . Choo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Federowicz out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Smith lined out to right . Crawford grounded out to third . Santana struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Leake pitching for Mariners . Santana homered to right ( 352 feet ) . Andrus safe at first on error by third baseman Seager . Mazara grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Andrus out at second . Calhoun singled to right , Mazara to second . Odor doubled to deep right center , Calhoun scored and Mazara scored . Cabrera grounded out to first , Odor to third . DeShields singled to right , Odor scored . Tuivailala pitching for Mariners . Federowicz fouled out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Vogelbach walked . Guerrieri pitching for Rangers . Beckham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Vogelbach safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera . Seager tripled to right center , Vogelbach scored and Beckham scored . Nola grounded out to third . Murphy singled to center , Seager scored . Broxton struck out swinging . Smith struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Moore in left field . Tuivailala pitching for Mariners . Choo struck out swinging . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Andrus singled to left . Mazara singled to shallow right center , Andrus to second . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Valdez pitching for Rangers . Crawford walked . Santana struck out swinging . Crawford stole second . Vogelbach struck out swinging . Moore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Court at first base . Bass pitching for Mariners . Odor flied out to center . Cabrera grounded out to first . DeShields singled to center . Pence hit for Federowicz . Pence flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Mathis catching . Valdez pitching for Rangers . Seager flied out to left . Nola singled to center . Murphy struck out swinging . Broxton safe at first on error by second baseman Odor , Nola to second . Bird pitching for Rangers . Broxton to second on wild pitch by Bird , Nola to third on wild pitch by Bird . Smith flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Elías pitching for Mariners . Choo singled to right . Santana lined out to center . Andrus popped out to second . Mazara popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Rangers 5 .	Six - pack for M 's : Seattle wins 6th in row , 8 - 5 at Texas