White Sox - Top 1st . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . García grounded out to third . Anderson struck out swinging . Abreu homered to left center ( 447 feet ) . Jiménez singled to left . Moncada singled to shallow right , Jiménez to second . Mendick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mendick out at second , Moncada to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Covey pitching for White Sox . Long lined out to second . Crawford walked . Nola walked , Crawford to second . Seager walked , Nola to second , Crawford to third . Crawford scored on Covey wild pitch , Seager to second on wild pitch by Covey , Nola to third on wild pitch by Covey . Lewis hit sacrifice fly to right , Nola scored , Seager to third . Narváez singled to center , Seager scored . Murphy singled to shallow left center , Murphy out stretching at second , Narváez to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Engel singled to center . Collins flied out to center . Engel picked off and caught stealing second . Cordell singled to left . García singled to right , Cordell to second . Anderson singled to left , Cordell scored , García to second . Abreu flied out to right . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Covey pitching for White Sox . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Smith singled to left . Smith stole second . Long singled to left , Smith to third . Long caught stealing second , pitcher to third to shortstop . Crawford struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Jiménez walked . Moncada tripled to center , Jiménez scored . Mendick singled to left , Moncada scored , Mendick thrown out at second . Engel homered to left ( 381 feet ) . LeBlanc pitching for Mariners . Collins flied out to right . Cordell flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Covey pitching for White Sox . Nola grounded out to second . Seager flied out to left . Lewis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . LeBlanc pitching for Mariners . García singled to right center . Anderson doubled to left , García to third . Abreu walked . Jiménez struck out looking . Moncada doubled to left , Abreu scored , García scored and Anderson scored . Mendick struck out swinging . Engel grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Narváez singled to right center . Murphy struck out swinging . Gordon singled to right , Narváez to second . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gordon out at second , Narváez to third . Smith stole second . Long singled to right , Narváez scored and Smith scored . Osich pitching for White Sox . Crawford struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . LeBlanc pitching for Mariners . Collins lined out to right . Cordell walked . Brennan pitching for Mariners . García popped out to shortstop . Cordell caught stealing second , catcher to second . Brandon Brennan pitches to Tim Anderson . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Osich pitching for White Sox . Nola flied out to right . Seager flied out to center . Lewis singled to center . Narváez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Brennan pitching for Mariners . Anderson struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . Jiménez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Osich pitching for White Sox . Murphy reached on infield single to third . Gordon reached on infield single to pitcher , Murphy to second . Smith struck out swinging . Long grounded out to second , Gordon to second , Murphy to third . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Magill pitching for Mariners . Moncada grounded out to first . Mendick reached on infield single to catcher . Engel struck out looking . Collins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Nola walked . Seager grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Nola out at second . Lewis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Swanson pitching for Mariners . Cordell fouled out to first . García safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Crawford . Anderson fouled out to right . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , García out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Narváez grounded out to shortstop . Murphy walked . Gordon grounded out to second , Murphy to second . Lopes hit for Smith . Lopes walked . Moore hit for Long . Vogelbach hit for Moore . Colomé pitching for White Sox . Vogelbach doubled to deep left , Lopes scored and Murphy scored . Broxton ran for Vogelbach . Crawford walked . Nola flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Broxton in center field . Lopes in left field . Adams pitching for Mariners . Jiménez homered to right ( 350 feet ) . Moncada flied out to left . Mendick grounded out to shortstop . Engel struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Colome pitching for White Sox . Seager lined out to center . Lewis struck out swinging . Narváez singled to left . Bishop ran for Narváez . Murphy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 9 - Mariners 7 .	Abreu , Moncada lift White Sox over Mariners 9 - 7