Red Sox - Top 1st . Wang pitching for Yankees . Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher . Pedroia walked . Ortiz grounded out to third , Pedroia to second . Ramirez doubled to deep left , Pedroia scored . Youkilis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Jeter reached on infield single to first . Abreu homered to right , Jeter scored . Rodriguez homered to left . Matsui flied out to center . Posada grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Drew singled to center . Varitek walked , Drew to second . Casey walked , Drew to third , Varitek to second . Lugo grounded out to third , Drew scored , Varitek to third , Casey to second . Ellsbury grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Varitek out at home . Pedroia grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Giambi grounded out to second . Cano grounded out to second . Moeller singled to shallow right center . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Ortiz grounded out to second . Ramirez struck out looking . Youkilis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Abreu lined out to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Drew flied out to left . Varitek doubled to right . Casey singled to center , Varitek scored , Casey to second advancing on throw . Lugo grounded out to third . Ellsbury lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Matsui singled to center . Posada flied out to center . Giambi singled to right center , Matsui to second . Cano flied out to center , Matsui to third . Moeller doubled to left , Matsui scored , Giambi to third . Cabrera walked . Jeter singled to right , Giambi and Moeller scored , Cabrera to third . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera scored , Jeter to second on wild pitch by Tavarez . Abreu struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Pedroia doubled to left . Ortiz singled to right center , Pedroia scored . Ramirez singled to shallow center , Ortiz to second . Youkilis singled to center , Ortiz to third , Ramirez to second . Drew singled to shallow center , Ortiz and Ramirez scored , Youkilis to second . Ohlendorf pitching for Yankees . Varitek struck out looking . Casey singled to center , Youkilis scored , Drew to third . Lugo struck out looking . Ellsbury walked , Casey to second . Pedroia singled to shallow left , Drew and Casey scored , Ellsbury to second . Ortiz struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Matsui singled to right . Posada doubled to left , Matsui scored , Posada to third advancing on throw . Giambi walked . Cano singled to right , Posada scored , Giambi to second . Moeller walked , Giambi to third , Cano to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Giambi scored , Moeller out at second , Cano to third , Cano scored , Cabrera to second on throwing error by shortstop Lugo . Cabrera stole third . Jeter grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 6th . Ohlendorf pitching for Yankees . Ramirez walked . Hawkins pitching for Yankees . Youkilis struck out swinging . Drew singled to right , Ramirez to second . Varitek struck out looking . Casey flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Aardsma pitching for Red Sox . Abreu flied out to left . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Matsui flied out to center . Posada popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Hawkins pitching for Yankees . Lugo grounded out to pitcher . Ellsbury lined out to shortstop . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Aardsma pitching for Red Sox . Giambi flied out to center . Cano grounded out to second . Moeller singled to left . Cabrera singled to right , Moeller to third , Cabrera tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Traber pitching for Yankees . Ortiz fouled out to catcher . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Ramirez singled to center . Youkilis struck out swinging . Drew flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Lowrie at third base . Jeter walked . Abreu struck out swinging . Rodriguez hit ground rule double to deep left center , Jeter to third . Matsui intentionally walked . Damon ran for Matsui . Posada doubled to right , Damon to third , Jeter and Rodriguez scored , Damon to third . Giambi doubled to left , Damon and Posada scored . Cano flied out to center . Moeller flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Damon in left field . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Varitek grounded out to first . Casey walked . Lugo singled to right , Casey to second . Ellsbury popped out to shortstop . Pedroia flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 9 - Yankees 15 .	A - Rod 15th on HR list ; Yanks batter BoSox