Mariners - Top 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Suzuki struck out looking . Lopez struck out swinging . Vidro doubled to left . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Jeter grounded out to third . Abreu struck out looking . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Beltre singled to right . Sexson struck out swinging . Balentien singled to center , Beltre to second . Burke struck out swinging . Betancourt singled to shallow left , Beltre scored , Balentien to second . Seattle 's Manager Mclaren ejected by Dimuro in the 2nd . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Matsui singled to center . Giambi walked , Matsui to second . Duncan homered to left , Matsui and Giambi scored . Cano flied out to left . Moeller grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Lopez grounded out to third . Vidro singled to center . Ibanez grounded out to second , Vidro to second . Beltre doubled to deep left , Vidro scored . Sexson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Jeter lined out to right . Abreu grounded out to second . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Balentien struck out swinging . Burke grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Matsui singled to center . Giambi doubled to deep left , Matsui to third . Duncan flied out to center . Cano doubled to shallow left , Matsui and Giambi scored . Moeller struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Suzuki grounded out to second . Lopez singled to shallow left . Vidro struck out swinging . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Jeter hit by pitch . Abreu singled to shallow left center , Jeter to third . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jeter out at home , Abreu to second , Abreu to third , Rodriguez to second advancing on play . Matsui singled to center , Abreu and Rodriguez scored . Giambi singled to right center , Matsui to second . Green pitching for Mariners . Duncan struck out looking . Cano singled to shallow left , Matsui scored , Giambi to third , Cano to second advancing on throw . Moeller singled to center , Giambi and Cano scored . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Moeller to second . Jeter walked , Moeller to third , Cabrera to second . Abreu singled to left center , Moeller and Cabrera scored , Jeter to third . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez singled to shallow center , Jeter scored , Abreu to second . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at third , Rodriguez to second . 8 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Beltre singled to left . Sexson grounded out to third , Beltre to second . Balentien struck out swinging . Burke grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Giambi flied out to right . Duncan fouled out to catcher . Cano walked . Moeller fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Hawkins pitching for Yankees . Ensberg at third base . Gonzalez at shortstop . Betancourt flied out to right . Suzuki flied out to center . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Reed in left field . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Cabrera batting . Cairo at third base . Gonzalez batting . Abreu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Hawkins pitching for Yankees . Vidro doubled to left center . Reed grounded out to first , Vidro to third . Cairo flied out to left , Vidro tagged out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Bloomquist in left field . Reed in center field . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Ensberg flied out to center . Matsui popped out to shortstop . Giambi walked . Duncan walked , Giambi to second . Cano safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez , Giambi to third , Duncan to second . Moeller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 9th . Ramirez pitching for Yankees . Sexson flied out to right . Balentien walked . Burke walked , Balentien to second . Betancourt struck out swinging . Bloomquist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 2 - Yankees 13 .	Pettitte dominates M 's