Yankees - Top 1st . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Damon flied out to center . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Abreu singled to left . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Rasner pitching for Yankees . Hannahan grounded out to first . Crosby struck out swinging . Cust walked . Chavez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Matsui lined out to shortstop . Giambi homered to right . Posada grounded out to second . Cano grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Rasner pitching for Yankees . Ellis grounded out to second . Gonzalez struck out looking . Barton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Cabrera grounded out to first . Damon walked . Jeter singled to right center , Damon to third . Abreu struck out looking . Rodriguez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Rasner pitching for Yankees . Buck safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Giambi . Suzuki fouled out to second . Hannahan reached on bunt single to third , Buck to second . Crosby doubled to left , Buck scored , Hannahan to third . Cust singled to right , Hannahan and Crosby scored . Chavez singled to left , Cust to second . Ellis singled to right , Cust scored , Chavez to second . Gonzalez doubled to left center , Chavez and Ellis scored . Barton grounded out to first , Gonzalez to third . Buck flied out to left . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 4th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Matsui singled to right . Giambi flied out to center . Posada grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Rasner pitching for Yankees . Suzuki singled to right . Hannahan struck out looking , Suzuki stole second . Suzuki to third on wild pitch by Rasner . Crosby popped out to shortstop . Cust singled to right , Suzuki scored . Chavez singled to left center , Cust to second . Ohlendorf pitching for Yankees . Ellis walked , Cust to third , Chavez to second . Gonzalez flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Cano grounded out to first . Cabrera struck out looking . Damon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Ohlendorf pitching for Yankees . Barton doubled to center . Buck walked . Suzuki singled to center , Barton scored , Buck to second . Hannahan fouled out to third . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Buck out at third , Suzuki to second . Suzuki to third , Crosby to second on wild pitch by Ohlendorf . Cust walked . Chavez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Jeter grounded out to pitcher . Abreu grounded out to first . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Hawkins pitching for Yankees . Ellis flied out to left . Gonzalez flied out to left . Barton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Matsui flied out to center . Giambi doubled to left . Posada lined into double play , first to shortstop , Giambi doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Buck grounded out to first . Suzuki fouled out to third . Hannahan lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Davis in center field . Gonzalez in right field . Buck in left field . Brown pitching for Athletics . Cano lined out to left . Cabrera flied out to center . Damon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Ramirez pitching for Yankees . Crosby walked . Davis struck out swinging . Chavez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crosby out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Calero pitching for Athletics . Jeter walked . Abreu doubled to center , Jeter to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Matsui walked . Embree pitching for Athletics . Giambi grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jeter scored , Matsui out at second , Abreu to third , Abreu scored , Giambi to second on throwing error by shortstop Crosby . Posada singled to center , Giambi scored . Posada to second on fielder 's indifference . Cano grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 4 - Athletics 8 .	Cust drives in 3 as Athletics beat up on Yankees