Yankees - Top 1st . Litsch pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter homered to right . Abreu grounded out to first . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Giambi grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Rasner pitching for Yankees . Inglett tripled to deep right . Scutaro singled to center , Inglett scored . Overbay reached first base on catcher 's interference , Scutaro to second . Overbay batting . Stairs struck out looking . Wilkerson walked , Scutaro to third , Overbay to second . Rolen struck out swinging . Lind tripled to right center , Scutaro , Overbay and Wilkerson scored . Zaun struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Litsch pitching for Blue Jays . Posada walked . Cano struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center , Posada to second . Moeller hit by pitch , Posada to third , Cabrera to second . Gardner singled to center , Posada scored , Cabrera to third , Moeller to second . Jeter safe at first on error by second baseman Scutaro , Cabrera scored , Moeller to third , Gardner to second . Abreu struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to center , Moeller and Gardner scored , Jeter to second . Giambi grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Rasner pitching for Yankees . McDonald grounded out to second . Inglett safe at first on error by second baseman Cano . Scutaro reached on bunt single to pitcher , Inglett to second . Overbay grounded out to first , Inglett to third , Scutaro to second . Stairs hit by pitch . Wilkerson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stairs out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 3rd . Litsch pitching for Blue Jays . Posada grounded out to first . Cano reached on throwing by shortstop McDonald . Cabrera singled to right , Cano to second . Moeller grounded out to third , Cano to third , Cabrera to second . Gardner singled to right , Cano and Cabrera scored , Gardner to second advancing on throw . Jeter singled to center , Gardner scored . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Abreu flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Rasner pitching for Yankees . Rolen fouled out to second . Lind grounded out to shortstop . Zaun lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez homered to left . Giambi flied out to center . Posada struck out swinging . Cano doubled to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Rasner pitching for Yankees . McDonald singled to left . Inglett singled to left , McDonald to second . Scutaro struck out swinging . Overbay struck out looking . Stairs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Wolfe pitching for Blue Jays . Moeller grounded out to pitcher . Gardner walked . Jeter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gardner out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Rasner pitching for Yankees . Wilkerson doubled to deep left . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . Lind grounded out to first , Wilkerson to third . Zaun flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Wolfe pitching for Blue Jays . Abreu reached on infield single to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Giambi lined into double play , to first , Abreu doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Ramirez pitching for Yankees . McDonald fouled out to catcher . Inglett lined out to center . Scutaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Posada walked . Cano flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to third , Posada to second . Moeller popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Veras pitching for Yankees . Overbay struck out swinging . Stairs flied out to center . Wilkerson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner walked . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gardner out at second . Abreu struck out looking . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Betemit at first base . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Rolen flied out to center . Lind flied out to right . Zaun walked . McDonald flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . League pitching for Blue Jays . Betemit singled to left . Posada flied out to right . Cano lined out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Hawkins pitching for Yankees . Inglett struck out looking . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . Overbay flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 9 - Blue Jays 4 .	A - Rod passes Mantle on HR list ; Yanks win