Yankees - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Damon walked . Jeter walked , Damon to second . Abreu singled to right , Damon to third , Jeter to second . Rodriguez singled to center , Damon and Jeter scored , Abreu to third . Giambi hit sacrifice fly to left , Abreu scored , Rodriguez to second . Nady struck out swinging . Matsui singled to center , Rodriguez scored . Cano lined out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Ponson pitching for Yankees . Granderson doubled to deep right . Polanco grounded out to catcher , Granderson to third . Ordonez doubled to left , Granderson scored . Cabrera grounded out to second , Ordonez to third . Joyce grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Damon homered to right . Jeter singled to center . Abreu singled to center , Jeter to second , Jeter to third on error by center fielder Granderson . Abreu stole second . Rodriguez safe at first on error by third baseman Larish , Jeter scored . Giambi flied out to center , Abreu to third . Nady singled to left , Abreu scored , Rodriguez to second . Seay pitching for Tigers . Seay pitching for Tigers . Matsui singled to right , Rodriguez scored , Nady to third . Seay pitching for Tigers . Seay pitching for Tigers . Matsui singled to right , Rodriguez scored , Nady to third . Cano grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Ponson pitching for Yankees . Sheffield homered to left center . Larish singled to left center . Inge flied out to left . Santiago singled to center , Larish to second . Granderson reached on infield single to second , Larish to third , Santiago to second . Polanco popped out to shortstop . Ordonez flied out to left . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Seay pitching for Tigers . Rodriguez singled to left center . Damon singled to right , Rodriguez to second . Jeter walked , Rodriguez to third , Damon to second . Abreu singled to left , Rodriguez scored , Damon to third , Jeter to second . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Rodriguez singled to left , Damon scored , Jeter to third , Abreu to second . Giambi flied out to left . Nady hit sacrifice fly to left , Jeter scored . Matsui struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Ponson pitching for Yankees . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Joyce struck out swinging . Sheffield grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Cano flied out to center . Rodriguez flied out to right . Damon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Ponson pitching for Yankees . Larish reached on infield single to second . Inge homered to left , Larish scored . Santiago singled to left center . Granderson walked , Santiago to second . Polanco safe at first on error by second baseman Cano , Santiago scored , Granderson to third . Ramirez pitching for Yankees . Ordonez hit sacrifice fly to right , Granderson scored . Cabrera homered to right , Polanco scored . Joyce walked . Sheffield walked , Joyce to second . Larish popped out to shortstop . Inge struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Abreu struck out swinging . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third . Giambi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Ramirez pitching for Yankees . Santiago lined out to right . Granderson walked . Polanco singled to left , Granderson to second . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Ordonez singled to left , Granderson scored , Polanco to second . Cabrera popped out to catcher . Joyce struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Nady grounded out to third . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . Cano singled to center . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third , Cano to third , Rodriguez to second on throwing error by third baseman Larish . Damon walked . Dolsi pitching for Tigers . Jeter singled to right , Cano and Rodriguez scored , Damon to third . Abreu walked , Jeter to second . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Sheffield flied out to left . Larish struck out swinging . Inge walked . Inge stole second . Santiago struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Dolsi pitching for Tigers . Giambi walked . Nady struck out swinging . Matsui grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Giambi out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Coke pitching for Yankees . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco fouled out to first . Ordonez singled to right . Ordonez to second on wild pitch by Coke . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Dolsi pitching for Tigers . Cano grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Damon reached on infield single to shortstop . Jeter walked , Damon to second . Fossum pitching for Tigers . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jeter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Marte pitching for Yankees . Raburn hit for Joyce . Raburn flied out to center . Sheffield struck out looking . Larish struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Raburn in left field . Fossum pitching for Tigers . Rodriguez flied out to right . Giambi grounded out to first . Nady grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Ransom at first base . Britton pitching for Yankees . Inge grounded out to third . Santiago walked . Granderson flied out to center . Santiago to second on fielder 's indifference . Polanco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 13 - Tigers 9 .	A - Rod 's 4 RBIs propel Yankees ' triumph