Nationals - Top 1st. Matz pitching for Mets. Turner lined out to left. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Rosario grounded out to second. Davis grounded out to third. McNeil hit ground rule double to deep left. Alonso popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Matz pitching for Mets. Soto grounded out to pitcher. Kendrick grounded out to third. Cabrera homered to left (383 feet). Kieboom struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Conforto grounded out to first. Ramos doubled to deep right. Nimmo flied out to center. Dozier flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Matz pitching for Mets. Gomes singled to right. Robles struck out swinging. Turner homered to left (396 feet), Gomes scored. Harrison grounded out to third. Castro struck out, Castro to first on wild pitch by Matz. Soto homered to center (463 feet), Castro scored. Kendrick flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Gimenez struck out swinging. Rosario grounded out to pitcher. Davis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Matz pitching for Mets. Cabrera doubled to left. Kieboom struck out looking. Gomes lined out to left. Robles lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. McNeil flied out to left. Alonso struck out swinging. Conforto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Matz pitching for Mets. Turner singled to shallow center. Harrison singled to shallow center, Turner to second. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harrison out at second, Turner to third. Soto hit ground rule double to deep center, Turner scored, Castro to third. Sewald pitching for Mets. Kendrick singled to shallow left, Castro scored, Soto to third. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Kendrick scored and Soto scored. Kieboom singled to shallow right, Cabrera to third. Gomes reached on infield single to shortstop, Cabrera scored, Kieboom to second. Robles hit by pitch, Gomes to second, Kieboom to third. Turner singled to right, Kieboom scored, Robles to second, Gomes to third. Harrison hit sacrifice fly to right, Gomes scored. Castro flied out to left. 7 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Ramos walked. Nimmo grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Ramos out at second. Dozier singled to shallow left. Gimenez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Sewald pitching for Mets. Soto singled to right center. Kendrick walked, Soto to second. Cabrera walked, Kendrick to second, Soto to third. Shreve pitching for Mets. Kieboom popped out to shortstop. Gomes walked, Soto scored, Cabrera to second, Kendrick to third. Robles reached on infield single to third, Kendrick scored, Gomes to second, Cabrera to third. Turner struck out swinging. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Robles out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Difo at shortstop. Harrison in left field. Taylor in right field. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Davis walked. McNeil reached on infield single to catcher, Davis to second. Alonso grounded into fielder's choice to third, Davis scored on error, McNeil safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Corbin. Conforto singled to right, McNeil scored, Alonso to second. Ramos grounded out to pitcher, Conforto to second, Alonso to third. Nimmo grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 7th. Hamilton in center field. Sanchez catching. Nimmo in right field. Shreve pitching for Mets. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Taylor doubled to deep right. Kendrick grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera homered to left center (386 feet), Taylor scored. Kieboom struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Suero pitching for Nationals. Dozier struck out looking. Gimenez grounded out to second. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Dr. Smith pitching for Mets. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. Robles flied out to left. Difo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Suero pitching for Nationals. Davis hit by pitch. McNeil singled to center, Davis to third. Alonso reached on infield single to shortstop, Davis scored, McNeil to second. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Alonso out at second, McNeil to third. Sanchez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hamilton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Guillorme pitching for Mets. Harrison grounded out to third. Castro grounded out to second. Taylor flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Doolittle pitching for Nationals. Nimmo homered to center (392 feet). Dozier lined out to left. Gimenez lined out to right. Rosario lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 16 - Mets 4.	Cabrera and Soto power Nationals to 16-4 rout of Matz, Mets