Nationals - Top 1st. Tomlin pitching for Braves. Turner lined out to center. Eaton struck out swinging. Soto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Voth pitching for Nationals. Swanson doubled to deep center. Freeman singled to right, Swanson to third. d'Arnaud doubled to deep left, Swanson scored, Freeman to third. Ozuna fouled out to right. Adams struck out swinging. Duvall struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Tomlin pitching for Braves. Cabrera grounded out to second. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Garcia singled to left, Suzuki to second. Gomes lined out to third. Thames singled to deep center, Suzuki scored, Garcia to second. Robles grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thames out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Voth pitching for Nationals. Camargo grounded out to first. Riley walked. Inciarte singled to center, Riley to second. Swanson struck out swinging. Freeman walked, Inciarte to second, Riley to third. d'Arnaud lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Tomlin pitching for Braves. Turner lined out to left. Eaton doubled to deep left center. Soto walked. Cabrera singled to right, Eaton scored, Soto to second. Suzuki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Voth pitching for Nationals. Ozuna singled to right. Adams grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ozuna out at second. Duvall walked. Camargo doubled to deep right, Duvall to third. Riley singled to left, Duvall scored and Camargo scored, Riley thrown out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Tomlin pitching for Braves. Garcia singled to deep right, Garcia safe at second on fielding error by right fielder Ozuna. Gomes popped out to shortstop. Thames grounded out to first, Garcia to third. Robles struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 4th. Voth pitching for Nationals. Inciarte singled to left center. Swanson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Inciarte out at second. Freeman homered to right (381 feet), Swanson scored. d'Arnaud flied out to center. Ozuna lined out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Matzek pitching for Braves. Turner tripled to deep right. Eaton singled to left, Turner scored. Eaton to second on pickoff error by pitcher Matzek. Soto singled to left, Eaton scored. Cabrera singled to center, Soto to second. Suzuki struck out looking. Garcia singled to left, Cabrera to second, Soto to third. Gomes singled to left, Soto scored, Garcia to second, Cabrera to third. Minter pitching for Braves. Thames grounded out to first, Cabrera scored, Gomes to second, Garcia to third. Robles walked. Turner grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 5th. Suero pitching for Nationals. Adams struck out swinging. Duvall singled to shallow center. Camargo struck out looking. Riley lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Minter pitching for Braves. Eaton grounded out to pitcher. Soto doubled to deep left center. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. O'Day pitching for Braves. Suzuki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Romero pitching for Nationals. Inciarte singled to center. Swanson bunted into fielder's choice to first, Inciarte out at second. Freeman flied out to right. Bacus pitching for Nationals. d'Arnaud grounded into fielder's choice to third, Swanson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. O'Day pitching for Braves. Garcia struck out swinging. Gomes flied out to center. Thames grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Harris pitching for Nationals. Ozuna reached on infield single to shortstop. Adams struck out swinging. Duvall reached on infield single to third, Ozuna to second. Camargo popped out to shortstop. Duvall picked off second, Ozuna to third on pickoff error by pitcher Harris. Riley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 8th. Greene pitching for Braves. Robles doubled to deep right center. Turner singled to right center, Robles scored. Eaton grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Turner out at second. Soto grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Guerra pitching for Nationals. Inciarte walked. Swanson reached on infield single to shortstop, Inciarte to second. Freeman flied out to center, Inciarte to third. Finnegan pitching for Nationals. Travis d'Arnaud strikes out swinging.  Travis d'Arnaud out on batter interference. Ozuna fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Melancon pitching for Braves. Cabrera grounded out to first. Suzuki flied out to right. Garcia walked. Gomes singled to right, Garcia to second. Thames singled to shallow left center, Garcia scored on error, Thames to second, Gomes safe at third on error. Robles walked. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Robles out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 9th. Hudson pitching for Nationals. Adams continues to at bat after dropped foul ball by catcher Gomes. Adams struck out swinging. Duvall flied out to center. Camargo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Nationals 8 - Braves 5.	Robles catch helps Nats hold on for 8-5 win over Braves