Nationals - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Turner grounded out to shortstop. Eaton grounded out to pitcher. Soto singled to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Crowe pitching for Nationals. Villar singled to center. Sierra grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Villar out at second. Joyce singled to right, Sierra to second. Dickerson flied out to center. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Thames struck out swinging. Harrison grounded out to third. Garcia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Crowe pitching for Nationals. Sanchez walked. Cervelli flied out to right. Forsythe flied out to center. Berti lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Alfaro catching. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Gomes homered to center (410 feet). Robles fouled out to first. Turner popped out to second. Eaton grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Crowe pitching for Nationals. Villar singled to deep left center. Sierra lined out to center. Villar caught stealing second, catcher to third. Joyce walked. Dickerson homered to right center (438 feet), Joyce scored. Anderson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Soto grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to center. Thames struck out swinging. Harrison flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Crowe pitching for Nationals. Sanchez lined out to left. Alfaro reached on infield single to shortstop. Forsythe flied out to right. Berti reached on infield single to shortstop, Alfaro to second. Romero pitching for Nationals. Villar safe at first on fielding error by pitcher Romero, Berti to second, Alfaro to third. Sierra struck out, Alfaro scored on Romero wild pitch, Sierra to first on wild pitch by Romero, Villar to second on wild pitch by Romero, Berti to third on wild pitch by Romero. Brinson hit for Joyce. Brinson reached on infield single to shortstop, Berti scored, Sierra to second, Villar to third. Dickerson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Brinson in left field. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Garcia struck out swinging. Gomes singled to right. Robles homered to left (385 feet), Gomes scored. Turner reached on infield single to second. Eaton flied out to left. Soto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Turner out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Bacus pitching for Nationals. Anderson singled to shallow center. Sanchez walked, Anderson to second. Alfaro popped out to first. Forsythe walked, Sanchez to second, Anderson to third. Berti hit sacrifice fly to left, Anderson scored. Suero pitching for Nationals. Villar flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Bleier pitching for Marlins. Cabrera grounded out to first. Thames grounded out to first. Harrison doubled to first. Kieboom hit for Garcia. Boxberger pitching for Marlins. Kieboom walked. Gomes lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Harrison at second base. Kieboom at third base. Suero pitching for Nationals. Sierra grounded out to third. Brinson struck out swinging. Dickerson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Kintzler pitching for Marlins. Robles flied out to center. Turner grounded out to third. Eaton singled to deep right. Soto walked, Eaton to second. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 3 - Marlins 5.	Nationals outlast Marlins 5-4 in opener of doubleheader