Nationals - Top 1st. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Turner grounded out to shortstop. Soto grounded out to first. Cabrera doubled to left. Thames grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Rojas homered to left (390 feet). Marte singled to left. Cooper grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Marte out at second. Aguilar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Gomes struck out swinging. Garcia grounded out to shortstop. Kieboom flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Anderson singled to left. Brinson flied out to center. Dickerson struck out swinging. Rodríguez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Stevenson hit by pitch. Robles struck out swinging. Turner struck out swinging, Stevenson stole second. Soto lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Wallach struck out swinging. Rojas hit ground rule double to deep left. Marte fouled out to right, Rojas to third. Cooper homered to right center (427 feet), Rojas scored. Aguilar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Cabrera walked. Thames struck out swinging. Gomes lined out to left. Garcia singled to left center, Cabrera to third. Kieboom walked, Garcia to second. Stevenson singled to center, Cabrera scored and Garcia scored, Kieboom to third. Kieboom caught stealing home, catcher to second to catcher. Pablo Lopez pitches to Victor Robles. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Anderson flied out to center. Brinson doubled to deep left. Brinson to third on balk. Dickerson reached on infield single to catcher, Brinson scored. Dickerson stole second. Rodríguez struck out swinging. Wallach reached on infield single to first, Dickerson scored. Rojas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wallach out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Robles flied out to center. Turner struck out looking. Soto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Marte singled to right. Cooper flied out to right. Aguilar singled to right, Marte to second. Anderson singled to deep center, Marte scored, Aguilar to second. Brinson popped out to first. Dickerson safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Turner, Anderson to second, Aguilar to third. Rodríguez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 6th. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Cabrera struck out looking. Thames walked. Hoyt pitching for Marlins. Gomes struck out swinging. Garcia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Wallach reached on infield single to third. Rojas singled to left center, Wallach to second. Marte flied out to center. Cooper doubled to deep right center, Wallach scored, Rojas thrown out at home. Aguilar flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Boxberger pitching for Marlins. Kieboom hit by pitch. Stevenson flied out to left. Robles reached on bunt single to third, Kieboom to second, Robles to second, Kieboom safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Anderson. Turner hit sacrifice fly to right, Kieboom scored, Robles to third. Bleier pitching for Marlins. Soto struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Finnegan pitching for Nationals. Anderson struck out swinging. Brinson reached on infield single to shortstop. Brinson stole second. Dickerson walked. Rodríguez flied out to right. Wallach lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Bleier pitching for Marlins. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Harrison hit for Thames. Harrison grounded out to third. Gomes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Harrison as designated hitter. Harper pitching for Nationals. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. Marte struck out swinging. Cooper walked. Aguilar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Brinson in left field. Harrison in right field. Kintzler pitching for Marlins. Garcia singled to left center. Kieboom grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Garcia out at second. Stevenson walked. Robles flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 3 - Marlins 7.	Rojas, Cooper homer to lead Marlins over Nationals 7-3