Mariners - Top 1st. Osborne pitching for Yankees. Suzuki singled to center. Winn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at second. Martinez flied out to center. Spiezio lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Jeter singled to center. Williams grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jeter out at second. Rodriguez singled to left. Rodriguez stole second. Giambi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Osborne pitching for Yankees. Cabrera singled to left. Ibanez doubled to deep right center, Cabrera scored. Wilson grounded out to shortstop, Ibanez to third. Olerud hit by pitch. Aurilia singled to left, Ibanez scored, Olerud to second. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher, Olerud to third, Aurilia to second. Winn safe at first on error by third baseman Rodriguez, Olerud and Aurilia scored. Winn caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Martinez batting. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Sheffield homered to left. Matsui grounded out to second. Sierra singled to left. Flaherty struck out looking. Cairo singled to center, Sierra to third, Cairo to second on error by center fielder Winn. Jeter grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 3rd. Osborne pitching for Yankees. Martinez lined out to shortstop. Spiezio popped out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to right. Ibanez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Williams walked. Rodriguez homered to center, Williams scored. Giambi struck out swinging. Sheffield walked. Matsui grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Sheffield out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Osborne pitching for Yankees. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Olerud singled to center. Aurilia grounded into double play, third to second to first, Olerud out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Sierra popped out to third. Flaherty popped out to second. Cairo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Osborne pitching for Yankees. Suzuki grounded out to third. Winn flied out to center. Martinez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Jeter struck out swinging. Williams grounded out to second. Rodriguez homered to left. Giambi grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Osborne pitching for Yankees. Spiezio doubled to center. Cabrera singled to center, Spiezio to third. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Ibanez hit by pitch, Cabrera to second. Wilson doubled to deep center, Spiezio, Cabrera and Ibanez scored. Olerud walked. Aurilia sacrificed to pitcher, Wilson to third, Olerud to second. Suzuki intentionally walked. Winn grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Sheffield reached on infield single to third. Matsui homered to right, Sheffield scored. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Sierra struck out looking. Flaherty flied out to left. Cairo grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Martinez lined out to right. Spiezio popped out to shortstop. Cabrera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Jeter flied out to center. Williams homered to right. Rodriguez lined out to center. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Giambi grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Ibanez grounded out to second. Wilson flied out to center. Hansen hit for Aurilia. Olerud walked. Santiago at shortstop. Hansen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Myers pitching for Mariners. Sheffield flied out to right. Matsui struck out swinging. Sierra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Suzuki singled to center. Winn sacrificed to pitcher, Suzuki to second. Martinez intentionally walked. Spiezio struck out swinging. Putz pitching for Mariners. Cabrera popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Flaherty doubled to left. Cairo sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, Flaherty to third. Jeter grounded out to pitcher, Cairo to second. Williams intentionally walked. Rodriguez popped out to shortstop. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Giambi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 10th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Ibanez popped out to shortstop. Wilson lined out to right. Olerud grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 10th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Sheffield grounded out to third. Matsui flied out to center. Sierra flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 11th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Santiago grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Suzuki stole second. Winn grounded out to pitcher. Martinez intentionally walked. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Spiezio popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 11th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Flaherty grounded out to shortstop. Cairo singled to left. Jeter struck out swinging. White pitching for Yankees. Williams grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 12th. White pitching for Yankees. Cabrera lined out to right. Ibanez singled to right center. Wilson lined out to left. Ibanez to second on passed ball by Flaherty. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Olerud struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 12th. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Rodriguez walked. Giambi struck out swinging. Sheffield singled to left, Rodriguez to third, Sheffield to second on error by left fielder Ibanez. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez out at home, Sheffield to third. Clark at first base. Sierra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 13th. White pitching for Yankees. Santiago doubled to deep center. Suzuki intentionally walked. Winn sacrificed to pitcher, Santiago to third, Suzuki to second. Martinez intentionally walked. Spiezio doubled to deep center, Santiago and Suzuki scored, Martinez to third. McCracken ran for Martinez. Cabrera walked. Ibanez hit by pitch, McCracken scored, Spiezio to third, Cabrera to second. Wilson doubled to deep center, Spiezio, Cabrera and Ibanez scored. Olerud lined out to left. Santiago flied out to left. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 13th. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Flaherty popped out to second. Cairo singled to right. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cairo out at second. Williams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 13 - Yankees 7.	Lucky 13: Seattle scores six in 13th for win