Orioles - Top 1st. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Roberts lined out to right. Mora grounded out to shortstop. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Suzuki grounded out to second. Spiezio flied out to left. Boone grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Palmeiro grounded out to first. Lopez reached on infield single to third. Gibbons struck out swinging. Matos flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Ibanez walked. Martinez flied out to center. Olerud flied out to center. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Bigbie walked. Hairston Jr grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bigbie safe at second on error by second baseman Boone. Roberts out on batter's interference to catcher. Roberts batting. Mora flied out to center. Tejada flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Aurilia flied out to center. McCracken flied out to left. Suzuki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Palmeiro lined out to right. Lopez fouled out to third. Gibbons singled to center. Matos singled to center, Gibbons to second. Bigbie flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Spiezio popped out to second. Boone hit by pitch. Ibanez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Boone out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Hairston Jr popped out to second. Roberts popped out to shortstop. Mora singled to left. Tejada grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Martinez singled to center. Olerud singled to right, Martinez to second. Wilson singled to right, Martinez to third, Olerud to second. Aurilia walked, Martinez scored, Olerud to third, Wilson to second. McCracken flied out to left. Suzuki safe at first on error by first baseman Palmeiro, Olerud scored, Wilson to third, Aurilia to second. Spiezio grounded into fielder's choice to first, Wilson out at home, Aurilia to third, Suzuki to second. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Boone singled to left, Aurilia and Suzuki scored, Spiezio to second. Ibanez singled to shallow center, Spiezio scored, Boone to second. Martinez singled to right, Boone scored, Ibanez to second. Olerud grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 6th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Palmeiro fouled out to third. Lopez singled to center. Gibbons flied out to right. Matos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Wilson grounded out to second. Aurilia reached on infield single to shortstop. McCracken grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Aurilia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Bigbie singled to right. Hairston Jr flied out to right. Roberts popped out to second. Mora singled to right center, Bigbie to second. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mora out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Suzuki homered to right. Spiezio doubled to deep center. Boone flied out to center, Spiezio to third. Bauer pitching for Orioles. Ibanez struck out swinging. Villone pitching for Mariners. Martinez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Villone pitching for Mariners. Palmeiro grounded out to first. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Lopez at first base. Osik catching. Gibbons grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Bauer pitching for Orioles. Olerud struck out looking. Wilson grounded out to first. Aurilia hit by pitch. McCracken singled to center, Aurilia to third. Suzuki singled to center, Aurilia scored, McCracken to second. Spiezio doubled to right, McCracken and Suzuki scored. Boone safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Mora, Spiezio scored. Ibanez grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 9th. Villone pitching for Mariners. Matos walked. Bigbie flied out to left. Hairston Jr singled to right, Matos to second. Roberts struck out swinging. Mora walked, Matos to third, Hairston Jr to second. Tejada flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 0 - Mariners 11.	Seattle 11, Baltimore 0