Mariners - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Suzuki struck out swinging. Spiezio flied out to center. Martinez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Meche pitching for Mariners. Lawton grounded out to second. Vizquel walked. Gerut singled to right center, Vizquel to second, Vizquel to third on error by right fielder Suzuki. Martinez doubled to deep right, Vizquel scored, Gerut to third. Hafner doubled to deep left, Gerut and Martinez scored. Belliard grounded out to shortstop, Hafner to third. Broussard walked. Blake singled to right, Hafner scored, Broussard to second. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop, Broussard to third, Blake to second. Lawton flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop. Boone fouled out to catcher. Olerud walked. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Olerud out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Vizquel flied out to right. Gerut doubled to deep center, Gerut out stretching at third. Martinez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Wilson flied out to center. Winn walked. Suzuki singled to left, Winn to second. Spiezio flied out to center, Winn to third. Martinez reached on infield single to third, Winn scored, Suzuki to second. Ibanez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Hafner hit by pitch. Belliard doubled to deep left, Hafner to third. Broussard hit sacrifice fly to left, Hafner scored, Belliard to third on throwing error by left fielder Ibanez. Blake singled to left, Belliard scored. Blake caught stealing second, catcher to second. Escobar walked. Escobar caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lawton batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Boone singled to left. Olerud singled to center, Boone to second. Cabrera singled to deep left, Boone scored, Olerud to second. Wilson grounded out to third, Olerud to third, Cabrera to second. Winn walked. Suzuki grounded out to second, Olerud scored, Cabrera to third. Spiezio grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Lawton doubled to left center. Vizquel sacrificed to third, Lawton to third. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Gerut singled to right, Lawton scored. Martinez walked, Gerut to second. Hafner lined out to right. Belliard singled to center, Gerut scored, Martinez to second. Broussard flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Martinez singled to right. Ibanez grounded out to pitcher, Martinez to second. Boone grounded out to second, Martinez to third. Olerud walked. Cabrera singled to center, Martinez scored, Olerud to second. Wilson fouled out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Blake flied out to center. Escobar flied out to right. White pitching for Indians. Lawton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. White pitching for Indians. Winn bunt grounded out to catcher. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Spiezio flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Vizquel grounded out to second. Gerut grounded out to second. Martinez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. White pitching for Indians. Martinez homered to right. Ibanez grounded out to first. Boone out on batter's interference to pitcher. Boone batting. Bartosh pitching for Indians. Olerud grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Hafner flied out to left. Belliard singled to center. Broussard grounded out to second, Belliard to second. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Blake grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Cabrera fouled out to first. Wilson struck out swinging. Villone pitching for Mariners. Winn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Villone pitching for Mariners. Escobar grounded out to third. Lawton grounded out to first. Vizquel doubled to left. Vizquel scored on Villone's wild pitch. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Gerut popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Spiezio grounded out to shortstop. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Indians 9.	Indians bullpen smokes Mariners, ends Tribe skid