Mariners - Top 1st. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki singled to center. Winn grounded out to third, Suzuki to second. Boone struck out looking. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Blackley pitching for Mariners. Gomez walked. Hudson flied out to right. Gomez picked off first. Johnson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Hansen flied out to right. Cabrera grounded out to second. Aurilia singled to left. Spiezio grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Blackley pitching for Mariners. Delgado struck out looking. Zaun flied out to right. Hinske flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Borders grounded out to first. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Winn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Blackley pitching for Mariners. Rios doubled to deep right. Rios to third on balk by Blackley. Phelps struck out swinging. Berg singled to left, Rios scored. Gomez doubled to deep left, Berg to third. Hudson struck out swinging. Johnson popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Boone singled to left. Martinez struck out swinging. Hansen singled to right, Boone to third. Cabrera singled to left, Boone scored, Hansen to second. Aurilia reached on infield single to shortstop, Hansen to third, Cabrera to second. Spiezio hit sacrifice fly to center, Hansen scored. Borders singled to right center, Cabrera scored, Aurilia to third. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Borders out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Blackley pitching for Mariners. Delgado grounded out to first. Zaun grounded out to pitcher. Hinske flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Winn singled to center. Boone singled to center, Winn to second. Martinez grounded out to first, Winn to third, Boone to second. Hansen intentionally walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hansen out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Blackley pitching for Mariners. Rios struck out swinging, Rios safe at first on wild pitch by Blackley. Phelps homered to left, Rios scored. Berg struck out swinging. Gomez singled to center. Hudson safe at third on error by third baseman Spiezio, Gomez scored, Hudson out at third in rundown. Johnson singled to center. Delgado flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Aurilia grounded out to shortstop. Spiezio flied out to right. Borders flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Blackley pitching for Mariners. Zaun walked. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Hinske singled to right, Zaun to second. Rios hit by pitch, Zaun to third, Hinske to second. Phelps homered to left, Zaun, Hinske and Rios scored. Berg flied out to right. Gomez fouled out to first. Hudson struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki grounded out to third. Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays. Winn singled to center. Winn stole second. Boone popped out to shortstop. Martinez singled to left, Winn scored. Hansen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Johnson doubled to deep right. Myers pitching for Mariners. Johnson stole third. Delgado struck out swinging. Zaun intentionally walked. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Hinske walked, Zaun to second. Rios tripled to deep center, Johnson, Zaun and Hinske scored. Phelps doubled to deep center, Rios scored. Berg grounded out to first, Phelps to third. Gomez struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Aurilia singled to left center. Spiezio hit by pitch, Aurilia to second. Borders struck out swinging. Bocachica in right field. Bloomquist at second base. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Spiezio out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Hudson grounded out to third. Johnson grounded out to first. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Winn grounded out to shortstop. Leone hit for Martinez. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Leone hit ground rule double to deep center. Hansen fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 4 - Blue Jays 12.	Just Joshing: Phelps drives in seven for Jays