Red Sox - Top 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Damon lined out to right. Bellhorn struck out looking. Ortiz walked. Ramirez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki singled to center. Suzuki stole second. Winn grounded out to second, Suzuki to third. Boone struck out swinging. Martinez singled to right center, Suzuki scored. Jacobsen walked, Martinez to second. Spiezio grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Garciaparra singled to left. Nixon walked, Garciaparra to second. Mirabelli struck out looking. Mueller popped out to second. McCarty struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Olivo grounded out to shortstop. Bocachica grounded out to pitcher. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Damon struck out swinging. Bellhorn popped out to shortstop. Ortiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki singled to shallow left. Winn reached on infield single to third, Suzuki to second. Boone sacrificed to pitcher, Suzuki to third, Winn to second. Martinez struck out swinging. Jacobsen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Ramirez walked. Garciaparra doubled to left, Ramirez to third. Nixon singled to left, Ramirez and Garciaparra scored. Nixon to second on passed ball by Olivo. Mirabelli singled to center, Nixon to third. Mueller struck out swinging. McCarty singled to left, Nixon scored, Mirabelli to second. Damon walked, Mirabelli to third, McCarty to second. Bellhorn grounded out to second, Mirabelli scored, McCarty to third, Damon to second. Ortiz homered to right center, McCarty and Damon scored. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Ramirez homered to center. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Spiezio grounded out to second. Olivo doubled to left. Bocachica grounded out to first, Olivo to third. Bloomquist singled to center, Olivo scored. Bloomquist stole second. Bloomquist to third on wild pitch by Lowe. Suzuki walked. Suzuki stole second. Winn grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Nixon grounded out to pitcher. Mirabelli doubled to left center. Mueller grounded out to shortstop. McCarty safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Bloomquist, Mirabelli to third. Damon fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Boone doubled to deep center. Martinez grounded out to third. Jacobsen fouled out to first. Spiezio popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Bellhorn struck out swinging. Ortiz flied out to right. Ramirez walked. Garciaparra struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Olivo singled to left. Olivo stole second. Leskanic pitching for Red Sox. Bocachica singled to left, Olivo to third. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Olivo scored, Bocachica out at second. Suzuki singled to right, Bloomquist to third. Winn hit sacrifice fly to center, Bloomquist scored. Suzuki stole second. Boone reached on infield single to third, Suzuki to third. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Nixon grounded out to first. Mirabelli grounded out to pitcher. Mueller walked. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. McCarty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Jacobsen popped out to second. Spiezio popped out to second. Ibanez hit for Bocachica. Olivo doubled to deep center. Hansen hit for Bloomquist. Ibanez singled to left, Olivo scored. Cabrera ran for Hansen. Hansen singled to right, Ibanez to second. Winn in center field. Ibanez in left field. Cabrera at shortstop. Suzuki grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Damon walked. Bellhorn doubled to right center, Damon to third. Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to left, Damon scored. Ramirez struck out looking. Kapler in left field. Nelson pitching for Red Sox. Garciaparra flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Nelson pitching for Red Sox. Winn hit by pitch. Boone doubled to left, Winn to third. Martinez singled to left center, Winn scored, Boone to third. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Jacobsen struck out swinging. Spiezio grounded into fielder's choice to third, Boone scored, Martinez out at second. Olivo walked, Spiezio to second. Ibanez singled to left, Spiezio to third, Olivo to second. Myers pitching for Mariners. Cabrera flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Nixon struck out looking. Mirabelli struck out swinging. Mueller reached on infield single to third. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. McCarty grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Mueller out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki singled to left. Winn walked, Suzuki to second. Boone struck out swinging. Martinez struck out looking. Jacobsen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 9 - Mariners 7.	Fourth devestate: Manny, Ortiz pound M's