Athletics - Top 1st. Meche pitching for Mariners. Kotsay flied out to left. McLemore homered to right. Chavez flied out to center. Hatteberg walked. Durazo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Zito pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to second. Winn flied out to left. Martinez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Swisher flied out to center. Crosby struck out looking. Byrnes walked. Melhuse doubled to deep left, Byrnes to third. Kotsay flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Boone struck out looking. Ibanez fouled out to third. Cabrera walked. Olivo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Meche pitching for Mariners. McLemore doubled to deep right. Chavez singled to left, McLemore to third. Hatteberg struck out swinging. Durazo flied out to left. Swisher walked, Chavez to second. Crosby flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Lopez flied out to left. Bloomquist struck out looking. Suzuki singled to center. Winn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Byrnes doubled to deep left. Melhuse grounded out to shortstop. Kotsay lined out to left. McLemore struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Martinez singled to center. Boone singled to right center, Martinez to third. Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to left, Martinez scored. Cabrera singled to left, Boone to second. Olivo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Boone out at third, Cabrera to second. Lopez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Chavez doubled to deep right. Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop. Durazo singled to shallow left, Chavez to third, Durazo to second advancing on throw. Swisher hit sacrifice fly to left, Chavez scored. Crosby doubled to deep left, Durazo scored. Byrnes lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Villone pitching for Mariners. Winn lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Villone pitching for Mariners. Melhuse struck out swinging. Kotsay singled to left. McLemore grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop to second, Kotsay out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Martinez flied out to center. Boone grounded out to third. Ibanez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Villone pitching for Mariners. Chavez struck out swinging. Hatteberg struck out swinging. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Durazo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Reed hit for Olivo. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Cabrera safe at first on error by pitcher Bradford. Reed singled to center, Cabrera to second. Dobbs hit for Bloomquist. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Lopez reached on bunt single to third, Cabrera to third, Reed to second. Dobbs doubled to deep center, Cabrera, Reed and Lopez scored. Suzuki singled to right, Dobbs to third. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Winn reached on infield single to third, Dobbs scored, Suzuki to second, Suzuki to third on throwing error by third baseman Chavez. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to right, Suzuki scored. Cabrera at first base. Wilson catching. Dobbs at third base. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Cabrera at first base. Wilson catching. Dobbs at third base. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Boone struck out looking. Winn caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Swisher safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Boone. Crosby grounded into double play, third to second to first, Swisher out at second. Byrnes walked. Melhuse flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Ibanez reached on infield single to second. Cabrera grounded out to third, Ibanez to second. Wilson walked. Rhodes pitching for Athletics. Lopez grounded out to pitcher, Ibanez to third, Wilson to second. Putz pitching for Mariners. Dobbs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Kotsay flied out to left. McLemore grounded out to shortstop. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Mariners 6.	Ichiro, Mariners single out A's