Rangers - Top 1st. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Young struck out swinging. Blalock struck out looking. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Suzuki struck out swinging. Winn grounded out to shortstop. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Teixeira reached on infield single to third. Mench flied out to left. Allen struck out swinging. Nix struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Boone flied out to center. Ibanez doubled to deep right. Cabrera doubled to right, Ibanez scored. Spiezio popped out to shortstop. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Barajas grounded out to third. Alexander struck out looking. Young grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Lopez grounded out to third. Suzuki grounded out to second. Winn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Blalock hit ground rule double to deep right. Young homered to left center, Blalock scored. Teixeira singled to left. Mench grounded into fielder's choice to third, Teixeira out at second. Allen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mench out at second. Nix struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Martinez walked. Boone struck out looking. Ibanez flied out to left. Martinez to second on wild pitch by Rogers. Cabrera singled to center, Martinez scored, Cabrera to second advancing on throw. Spiezio struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Barajas grounded out to second. Alexander walked. Young flied out to right. Blalock singled to right center, Alexander to second. Young doubled to deep left, Alexander scored, Blalock to third. Teixeira doubled to left, Blalock and Young scored. Mench doubled to deep right center, Teixeira scored. Allen flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Wilson flied out to center. Lopez safe at first on error by second baseman Young. Suzuki singled to center, Lopez to second. Winn safe at first on error by second baseman Young, Lopez to third, Suzuki to second. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lopez out at home, Suzuki to third, Winn to second. Kida pitching for Mariners. Boone grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Kida pitching for Mariners. Nix hit by pitch. Barajas doubled to deep left, Nix scored. Alexander hit ground rule double to deep center, Barajas scored. Young grounded out to second, Alexander to third. Blalock struck out swinging. Young singled to left, Alexander scored. Teixeira grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Ibanez doubled to left. Cabrera singled to center, Ibanez to third. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Spiezio singled to left, Ibanez scored, Cabrera to second. Wilson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Spiezio out at second, Cabrera to third. Lopez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Kida pitching for Mariners. Mench homered to left. Williams pitching for Mariners. Allen singled to right. Nix struck out swinging. Huckaby hit for Barajas. Huckaby catching. Huckaby grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Allen out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Winn grounded out to shortstop. Martinez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Williams pitching for Mariners. Alexander singled to left. Young flied out to center. Blalock struck out swinging. Fox at second base. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Alexander out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Boone flied out to center. Ibanez singled to right. Cabrera struck out swinging. Taylor pitching for Mariners. Martinez at third base. Cabrera at first base. Spiezio grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Bloomquist at third base. Taylor pitching for Mariners. Teixeira struck out swinging. Mench singled to left center. Allen flied out to right. Nix singled to center, Mench to second. Gonzalez at first base. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Huckaby grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Wilson doubled to deep left center. Lopez walked. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lopez out at second, Wilson to third. Winn hit sacrifice fly to left, Wilson scored. Bloomquist singled to right, Suzuki to second. Boone grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 10 - Mariners 4.	Ichiro up to 260 hits on Edgar's night