Twins - Top 1st . Morton pitching for Rays . Kepler grounded out to first . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Schoop struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Perez pitching for Twins . García grounded out to shortstop . Pham singled to center . Meadows grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pham out at second . Adames struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Morton pitching for Rays . Rosario flied out to right . Cron struck out looking . Arraez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Perez pitching for Twins . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . Arroyo grounded out to second . Lowe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Morton pitching for Rays . Adrianza lined out to third . Castro singled to deep right . Buxton grounded into double play , second to first , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Perez pitching for Twins . Heredia struck out looking . Robertson singled to deep center . García walked , Robertson to second . Pham walked , García to second , Robertson to third . Meadows doubled to right , García scored , Pham scored , Robertson scored , García scored and Pham scored , Meadows to second . Adames grounded out to pitcher , Meadows to third . d'Arnaud singled to right , Meadows scored . Arroyo doubled to center , d'Arnaud to third . Lowe singled to right , d'Arnaud scored and Arroyo scored . Littell pitching for Twins . Heredia flied out to right . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Morton pitching for Rays . Kepler lined out to left . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Schoop grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Littell pitching for Twins . Robertson lined out to center . García reached on infield single to shortstop . Pham doubled to deep right , García to third . Meadows singled to center , García scored , Pham to third . Adames singled to center , Pham scored , Adames thrown out at second , Meadows to second , Meadows safe at third on error by center fielder Buxton . d'Arnaud walked . Arroyo doubled to left center , Meadows scored and d'Arnaud scored . Lowe doubled to deep right , Arroyo scored . Heredia lined out to left . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 5th . Morton pitching for Rays . Rosario flied out to center . Cron struck out looking . Arraez doubled to deep center . Adrianza singled to center , Arraez scored . Castro flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Littell pitching for Twins . Robertson struck out looking . García singled to right . Choi hit for Pham . Choi struck out swinging . Meadows lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Choi as designated hitter . Morton pitching for Rays . Buxton tripled to right . Kepler grounded out to first , Buxton scored . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Schoop struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Littell pitching for Twins . Adames grounded out to second . d'Arnaud popped out to third . Arroyo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Morton pitching for Rays . Rosario struck out swinging . Cron flied out to center . Arraez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Astudillo in left field . Littell pitching for Twins . Lowe grounded out to shortstop . Heredia singled to left . Robertson grounded out to first , Heredia to second . García doubled to deep center , Heredia scored . Choi homered to right ( 380 feet ) , García scored . Meadows lined out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Kolarek pitching for Rays . Adrianza singled to center . Adrianza to second on fielder 's indifference . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop , Adrianza to third . Buxton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Adrianza scored , Castro out at second . Kepler struck out swinging . Buxton to second on fielder 's indifference . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Morin pitching for Twins . Adames grounded out to third . d'Arnaud grounded out to pitcher . Arroyo lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Drake pitching for Rays . Schoop struck out swinging . Astudillo grounded out to shortstop . Cron reached on infield single to shortstop , Cron safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Adames . Arraez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 3 - Rays 14 .	Meadows drives in 4 , streaking Rays pound Twins 14 - 3