Rays - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Astros . Sogard grounded out to first . Meadows hit by pitch . Pham grounded out to third , Meadows to second . Choi flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Morton pitching for Rays . Springer singled to center . Altuve struck out looking , Springer caught stealing second , catcher to second . Brantley lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Astros . García struck out swinging . Wendle struck out swinging . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Morton pitching for Rays . Bregman flied out to left . Alvarez struck out looking . Gurriel fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Astros . Duffy grounded out to shortstop . Adames singled to left . Sogard flied out to right . Meadows flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Morton pitching for Rays . Toro walked . Chirinos walked , Toro to second . Reddick doubled to center , Toro scored , Chirinos to third . Springer hit by pitch . Altuve sacrificed into double play , center to first to third , Chirinos scored , Springer to second , Reddick thrown out at third . Brantley struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Astros . Pham doubled to deep left . Choi flied out to center , Pham to third . García struck out swinging . Wendle grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Morton pitching for Rays . Bregman reached on infield single to pitcher . Alvarez hit ground rule double to right , Bregman to third . Gurriel doubled to deep left center , Alvarez scored and Bregman scored . Toro grounded out to shortstop , Gurriel to third . Chirinos homered to left ( 431 feet ) , Gurriel scored . Reddick tripled to deep center . Springer struck out swinging . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Astros . d'Arnaud singled to left center . Duffy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , d'Arnaud out at second . Adames flied out to right . Sogard lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Kittredge pitching for Rays . Brantley singled to right . Bregman singled to shallow right , Brantley to second . Alvarez homered to left ( 329 feet ) , Brantley scored and Bregman scored . Gurriel struck out swinging . Toro singled to right . Chirinos grounded out to third , Toro to second . Reddick grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Springer in right field . Marisnick in center field . Reddick in left field . Verlander pitching for Astros . Meadows popped out to third . Pham doubled to deep right center . Peacock pitching for Astros . Choi struck out swinging . García grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Roe pitching for Rays . Springer singled to left center . Altuve doubled to center , Springer to third . Marisnick singled to center , Springer scored and Altuve scored . Bregman singled to center , Marisnick to third . Alvarez struck out looking . Díaz hit for Gurriel . Díaz singled to center , Marisnick scored , Bregman to third . Toro struck out swinging . Bregman scored on error by pitcher Roe , Chirinos safe at first on error by pitcher Roe , Díaz to second . Reddick reached first base on catcher 's interference , Reddick to first on error by catcher d'Arnaud , Chirinos to second on error by d'Arnaud , Díaz to third on error by d'Arnaud . Chaz Roe pitches to Josh Reddick . Springer walked , Díaz scored , Reddick to second , Chirinos to third . Altuve grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Díaz at third base . Toro at first base . Peacock pitching for Astros . Wendle homered to left ( 358 feet ) . d'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop . Duffy walked . Adames walked , Duffy to second . Sogard popped out to first . Meadows lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Brosseau pitching for Rays . Marisnick popped out to second . Bregman grounded out to shortstop . Alvarez homered to right ( 369 feet ) . Díaz grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Pham walked . Choi popped out to third . García flied out to center . Wendle flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Brosseau pitching for Rays . Toro grounded out to second . Chirinos grounded out to shortstop . Reddick singled to right . Springer hit by pitch , Reddick to second . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reddick out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Biagini pitching for Astros . d'Arnaud walked . Duffy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , d'Arnaud out at second . Adames singled to left . Sogard singled to center , Adames to second . Meadows grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 1 - Astros 15 .	Verlander gets win despite ejection as Astros down Rays 15 - 1