Braves - Top 1st . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Constanza struck out swinging , Constanza safe at first on passed ball by Phegley . Constanza caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Upton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Maholm pitching for Braves . De Aza flied out to left . Ramirez flied out to right . Rios singled to right . Viciedo lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Freeman safe at first on error by third baseman Morel . McCann flied out to left . Gattis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Freeman out at second . Uggla homered to left ( 390 feet ) , Gattis scored . Simmons lined out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Maholm pitching for Braves . Keppinger grounded out to third . Wells lined out to right . Beckham flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Terdoslavich singled to right . Constanza reached on infield single to catcher , Terdoslavich to second . Johnson flied out to right , Terdoslavich to third . Upton singled to left , Terdoslavich scored , Constanza to third . Freeman hit sacrifice fly to right , Constanza scored . McCann flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Maholm pitching for Braves . Phegley doubled to deep left . Morel walked . De Aza singled to center , Phegley to third , Morel to second . Ramirez singled to left , Phegley scored , Morel to third , De Aza to second . Rios homered to left ( 419 feet ) , Morel , De Aza and Ramirez scored . Viciedo grounded out to third . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop . Wells walked . Beckham flied out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Gattis doubled to right . Uggla struck out looking . Simmons fouled out to shortstop . Terdoslavich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Maholm pitching for Braves . Phegley doubled to deep left . Morel singled to center , Phegley scored . De Aza singled to center , Morel to second . Carpenter pitching for Braves . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , De Aza out at second , Morel to third . Rios singled to right , Morel scored , Ramirez to second . Viciedo struck out swinging , Ramirez to third , Rios to second on wild pitch by Carpenter . Keppinger singled to right , Ramirez and Rios scored , Keppinger thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Constanza lined out to pitcher . Johnson lined out to center . Upton singled to right center . Freeman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Carpenter pitching for Braves . Wells grounded out to first . Beckham grounded out to third . Phegley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . McCann singled to center . Gattis flied out to center . Uggla grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McCann out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Carpenter pitching for Braves . Morel flied out to right . De Aza singled to left . Ramirez popped out to second . Rios flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Lindstrom pitching for White Sox . Simmons flied out to center . Terdoslavich walked . Constanza grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Terdoslavich out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Varvaro pitching for Braves . Viciedo walked . Keppinger struck out swinging . Wells walked , Viciedo to second . Tekotte ran for Viciedo . Beckham flied out to right . Phegley singled to left , Tekotte scored , Wells to second . Morel struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . De Aza in left field . Tekotte in center field . Troncoso pitching for White Sox . Johnson singled to center . Upton lined out to second . Veal pitching for White Sox . Freeman homered to right ( 397 feet ) , Johnson scored . McCann struck out swinging . Gattis struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Ayala pitching for Braves . De Aza singled to right . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher , De Aza to second . Rios struck out swinging . Tekotte walked . Keppinger grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Reed pitching for White Sox . Uggla struck out swinging . Simmons singled to center . Terdoslavich struck out swinging . Constanza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 6 - White Sox 10 .	Rios ' grand slam leads White Sox by Braves