Tigers - Top 1st . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Jackson lined out to center . Hunter grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . De Aza singled to right center . Beckham popped out to shortstop . Ramirez flied out to left . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Fielder reached on infield single to shortstop . Martinez walked , Fielder to second . Tuiasosopo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second , Fielder to third . Infante singled to left , Fielder scored . Pena singled to left , Infante to second . Iglesias walked , Infante to third , Pena to second . Jackson struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Konerko flied out to right . Garcia popped out to shortstop . Keppinger struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Hunter singled to left . Cabrera walked , Hunter to second . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cabrera out at second , Hunter to third . Martinez struck out swinging . Hunter caught stealing home , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Jor Danks struck out swinging . Phegley grounded out to shortstop . De Aza grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Tuiasosopo struck out swinging . Infante singled to left . Pena flied out to center . Iglesias popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Beckham hit by pitch . Beckham to second on wild pitch by Scherzer . Ramirez walked . Dunn struck out swinging . Konerko struck out looking . Garcia tripled to deep right , Beckham and Ramirez scored , Garcia scored on throwing error by second baseman Infante . Keppinger fouled out to right . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 5th . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Jackson flied out to center . Hunter walked . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Hunter to second . Fielder grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Jor Danks singled to right . Phegley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jor Danks out at second . De Aza walked . Beckham popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Martinez singled to deep left . Lindstrom pitching for White Sox . Dirks hit for Tuiasosopo . Dirks lined out to left . Infante singled to right , Martinez to second . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Infante out at second , Martinez to third , Martinez scored on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez . Iglesias walked , Pena to second . Jackson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Dirks in left field . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Ramirez singled to center . Dunn struck out swinging . Konerko walked , Ramirez to second . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Konerko out at second , Ramirez to third . Keppinger fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Lindstrom pitching for White Sox . Hunter fouled out to catcher . Cabrera struck out swinging . Veal pitching for White Sox . Fielder fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Jor Danks flied out to left . Phegley singled to center . De Aza grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Phegley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Jones pitching for White Sox . Martinez walked . Kelly ran for Martinez . Dirks fouled out to third . Infante singled to center , Kelly to third . Pena singled to right , Kelly scored , Infante to second . Iglesias grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Pena out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Veras pitching for Tigers . Beckham flied out to right . Ramirez singled to left . Dunn fouled out to second . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Jones pitching for White Sox . Jackson struck out swinging . Hunter struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Rondon pitching for Tigers . Garcia singled to right center . Keppinger bunt popped out foul to catcher . Jor Danks singled to right , Garcia to second . Gillaspie hit for Phegley . Gillaspie struck out swinging . De Aza grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 10th . Flowers catching . Reed pitching for White Sox . Fielder singled to left center . Kelly sacrificed to third , Fielder to second . Dirks flied out to right . Infante grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 10th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez struck out swinging . Dunn singled to left center . Konerko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 11th . Reed pitching for White Sox . Pena singled to center . Iglesias sacrificed to pitcher , Pena to second . Jackson flied out to right . Hunter safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez , Pena to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 11th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Garcia walked . Keppinger sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Garcia to second . Jor Danks grounded out to first , Garcia to third , Keppinger to second . Flowers walked . Coke pitching for Tigers . De Aza singled to right , Garcia scored , Keppinger to third , Flowers to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - White Sox 4 .	White Sox win in 11 , extend Tigers ' slump