Tigers - Top 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Hunter walked . Cabrera flied out to center . Fielder singled to right , Hunter to second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fielder out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . De Aza singled to center . Beckham lined out to right . Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop , De Aza to second . Dunn walked , De Aza to third , Ramirez to second . Garcia reached on infield single to shortstop , De Aza scored , Ramirez to third , Dunn to second . Keppinger hit sacrifice fly to center , Ramirez scored , Dunn to third . Gillaspie singled to right , Dunn scored , Garcia to third . Flowers grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gillaspie out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Tuiasosopo grounded out to third . Infante flied out to right . Iglesias grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Jor Danks struck out swinging . De Aza bunt grounded out to catcher . Beckham singled to right . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beckham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Holaday singled to left . Jackson singled to right , Holaday to third . Hunter lined out to right . Cabrera homered to left ( 360 feet ) , Holaday and Jackson scored . Fielder lined out to first . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Dunn struck out swinging . Garcia singled to shallow left . Keppinger fouled out to first . Gillaspie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Tuiasosopo flied out to right . Infante popped out to second . Iglesias bunt popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Flowers struck out swinging . Jor Danks singled to right . De Aza popped out to second . Beckham singled to left , Jor Danks to second . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Holaday flied out to right . Jackson lined out to center . Hunter singled to deep center . Hunter to second on wild pitch by John Danks . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Dunn singled to right . Garcia flied out to center . Keppinger singled to left , Dunn to second . Gillaspie flied out to left . Flowers grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Keppinger out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Fielder grounded out to second . Martinez singled to left . Tuiasosopo singled to shallow right , Martinez to third . Infante singled to shallow left center , Martinez scored , Tuiasosopo to second . Iglesias struck out swinging . Holaday hit by pitch , Tuiasosopo to third , Infante to second . Jackson safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Gillaspie , Tuiasosopo and Infante scored , Holaday to third . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jackson out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Jor Danks flied out to left . De Aza struck out swinging . Beckham singled to shallow center . Ramirez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Fielder struck out swinging . Martinez lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Kelly in left field . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Dunn reached on infield single to third . Garcia grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dunn out at second . Keppinger safe at first on error by shortstop Iglesias . Gillaspie walked , Keppinger to second . Viciedo hit for Flowers . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Viciedo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 8th . Phegley catching . Danks pitching for White Sox . Kelly popped out to second . Infante singled to left . Troncoso pitching for White Sox . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Infante out at second . Holaday safe at first on error by third baseman Gillaspie , Iglesias advanced to second on Gillaspie error , Iglesias out at third in rundown . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Veras pitching for Tigers . Jor Danks grounded out to first . De Aza walked . De Aza stole second . Beckham walked . Ramirez reached on infield single to second , De Aza scored , Beckham to second . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Dunn struck out swinging . Garcia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Troncoso pitching for White Sox . Jackson grounded out to second . Hunter grounded out to catcher . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Santiago at third base . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Keppinger singled to center . Gillaspie walked , Keppinger to second . Phegley sacrificed to pitcher , Keppinger to third , Gillaspie to second . Jor Danks struck out swinging . De Aza grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 6 - White Sox 4 .	Cabrera homers again as Tigers snap skid