White Sox - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . De Aza doubled to deep right . Ramirez struck out swinging , Ramirez safe at first on wild pitch by Scherzer , De Aza to third . Gillaspie hit sacrifice fly to center , De Aza scored . Ramirez caught stealing second , pitcher to second to first to shortstop . Konerko flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Jackson doubled to right center . Hunter walked . Cabrera fouled out to right , Jackson to third , Hunter to second . Fielder struck out swinging . Martinez intentionally walked . Dirks singled to center , Jackson and Hunter scored , Martinez to second . Infante singled to left , Martinez to third , Dirks to second . Avila struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Dunn lined out to shortstop . Garcia flied out to center . Jor Danks grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Santiago flied out to right . Jackson singled to center . Hunter doubled to left , Jackson scored . Cabrera fouled out to right , Hunter to third . Fielder lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Beckham singled to center . Phegley fouled out to first . De Aza grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Beckham out at second . Ramirez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Martinez singled to right . Dirks singled to right , Martinez to third . Infante flied out to right . Avila singled to left , Martinez scored , Dirks to second . Santiago singled to right center , Dirks to third , Avila to second . Jackson struck out swinging . Hunter singled to right , Dirks and Avila scored , Santiago to third . Troncoso pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to left , Santiago scored , Hunter to second . Fielder walked , Hunter to third , Cabrera to second . Martinez grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Gillaspie fouled out to third . Konerko singled to right . Dunn flied out to left . Garcia homered to left ( 417 feet ) , Konerko scored . Jor Danks struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Troncoso pitching for White Sox . Dirks flied out to center . Infante struck out swinging . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Beckham doubled to right . Phegley popped out to second . De Aza singled to center , Beckham to third . Ramirez lined out to third . Gillaspie walked , De Aza to second . Konerko grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Troncoso pitching for White Sox . Santiago safe at first on error by pitcher Troncoso . Jackson lined out to right . Hunter singled to right , Santiago to second . Cabrera grounded out to second , Santiago to third , Hunter to second . Purcey pitching for White Sox . Fielder singled to center , Santiago and Hunter scored . Martinez homered to left ( 404 feet ) , Fielder scored . Dirks singled to center . Infante tripled to deep center , Dirks scored . Avila struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 6th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Dunn struck out swinging . Garcia flied out to center . Jor Danks flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Purcey pitching for White Sox . Santiago grounded out to third . Jackson flied out to center . Hunter singled to center . Cabrera lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Beckham walked . Phegley struck out swinging . De Aza lined out to right . Ramirez fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Gillaspie at first base . Semien at third base . Gonzalez catching . Purcey pitching for White Sox . Fielder doubled to deep left . Castellanos hit for Martinez . Tuiasosopo ran for Fielder . Castellanos flied out to right . Dirks hit by pitch . Webb pitching for White Sox . Infante lined out to left . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Kelly at third base . Tuiasosopo at first base . Perez at second base . Alvarez pitching for Tigers . Gillaspie tripled to deep left . Semien hit sacrifice fly to left , Gillaspie scored . Keppinger hit for Dunn . Keppinger doubled to left . Garcia tripled to deep center , Keppinger scored . Jor Danks struck out swinging . Beckham flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Webb pitching for White Sox . Santiago safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Beckham . Jackson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Santiago out at second . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 9th . Putkonen pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez grounded out to second . De Aza struck out looking . Ramirez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Tigers 12 .	Scherzer wins 20th as Tigers rout White Sox