Mets - Top 1st. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Reyes reached on bunt single to pitcher. Reyes stole second, Reyes safe at third on throwing error by catcher Schneider. Harris struck out swinging. Wright struck out looking. Beltran flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Victorino tripled to deep right center. Polanco grounded out to second, Victorino scored. Rollins flied out to center. Howard doubled to deep center. Ibanez singled to left, Howard scored. Francisco lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Pagan grounded out to second. Davis grounded out to third. Emaus reached on infield single to pitcher. Thole grounded into fielder's choice to second, Emaus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Orr reached on infield single to shortstop. Schneider lined out to left. Blanton sacrificed to first, Orr to second, Blanton safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Pelfrey. Orr to third on throwing error by pitcher Pelfrey. Victorino grounded out to shortstop, Orr scored. Polanco singled to center, Blanton to third. Rollins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 3rd. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Pelfrey struck out swinging. Reyes flied out to left. Harris singled to right center. Wright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Howard homered to center (423 feet). Ibanez singled to center. Francisco walked, Ibanez to second. Orr singled to left, Ibanez to third, Francisco to second. Buchholz pitching for Mets. Schneider struck out swinging. Blanton singled to left, Ibanez and Francisco scored, Orr to third. Victorino struck out looking. Polanco singled to right center, Orr scored, Blanton to second. Rollins struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Beltran hit by pitch. Pagan homered to center (401 feet), Beltran scored. Davis struck out looking. Emaus reached on infield single to second. Thole grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Emaus out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Buchholz pitching for Mets. Howard doubled to deep left. Ibanez grounded out to pitcher, Howard to third. Francisco struck out swinging. Orr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Murphy hit for Buchholz. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Murphy struck out looking. Reyes doubled to deep left. Harris walked. Wright singled to center, Reyes scored, Harris to second. Beltran singled to center, Harris scored, Wright to second. Pagan singled to left, Wright to third, Beltran to second. Davis doubled to deep right, Wright and Beltran scored, Pagan to third. Emaus walked. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Valdez at second base. Thole struck out swinging. Murphy singled to left, Pagan scored, Davis to third, Emaus to second. Reyes lined out to left. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Boyer pitching for Mets. Schneider grounded out to second. Valdez grounded out to second. Victorino doubled to left. Polanco singled to right, Victorino scored. Rollins walked, Polanco to second. Howard reached on infield single to second, Polanco scored, Rollins to second. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Harris grounded out to first. Wright struck out swinging. Beltran fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Boyer pitching for Mets. Francisco homered to left (407 feet). Mayberry Jr. hit for Bastardo. Mayberry Jr. singled to left. Schneider grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mayberry Jr. out at second. Valdez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Romero pitching for Phillies. Pagan popped out to third. Davis singled to right. Emaus grounded into double play, third to second to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Beato pitching for Mets. Victorino grounded out to pitcher. Polanco lined out to second. Rollins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Thole struck out swinging. Duda hit for Beato. Duda grounded out to shortstop. Reyes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Mets. Howard walked. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Howard out at second. Francisco struck out swinging, Ibanez stole second. Gload hit for Madson. Gload struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Ruiz catching. Harris struck out looking. Wright popped out to second. Beltran walked. Pagan lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 7 - Phillies 10.	Phils rock Pelfrey, hold off Mets' rally