Rockies - Top 1st. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Fowler struck out swinging. Herrera singled to shallow left. Gonzalez struck out swinging, Herrera stole second. Tulowitzki popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Reyes grounded out to second. Murphy singled to left. Murphy stole second. Wright singled to left, Murphy to third. Beltran grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Murphy scored, Wright out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Smith tripled to deep right center. Wigginton struck out looking. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to second, Smith out at home. Stewart stole second. Iannetta hit by pitch. Hammel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Iannetta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Davis flied out to left. Pagan grounded out to shortstop. Harris walked. Thole singled to left, Harris to second. Pelfrey grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thole out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Fowler grounded out to first. Herrera doubled to left center. Gonzalez flied out to center, Herrera to third. Tulowitzki singled to shallow right, Herrera scored. Smith walked, Tulowitzki to second. Wigginton grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Reyes tripled to deep right center. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. Wright hit sacrifice fly to right, Reyes scored. Beltran struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Stewart reached on infield single to third. Iannetta walked, Stewart to second. Hammel bunted into fielder's choice to third, Stewart out at third, Iannetta to second, Iannetta to third, Hammel to second on throwing error by shortstop Reyes. Fowler hit sacrifice fly to center, Iannetta scored. Herrera popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 4th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Davis safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki. Pagan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Davis safe at second on error by third baseman Stewart. Harris doubled to shallow right, Davis and Pagan scored. Thole flied out to center. Pelfrey grounded out to shortstop, Harris to third. Reyes flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Tulowitzki walked. Smith flied out to center, Tulowitzki to second. Wigginton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Murphy struck out swinging. Wright struck out swinging. Beltran flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Stewart flied out to left. Iannetta walked. Hammel singled to right, Iannetta to third. Igarashi pitching for Mets. Fowler walked, Hammel to second. Herrera grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Iannetta out at home, Hammel to third, Fowler to second. Gonzalez singled to left, Hammel and Fowler scored, Herrera to second. Tulowitzki flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Davis flied out to center. Pagan singled to shallow left, Pagan out stretching at second. Harris grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Byrdak pitching for Mets. Smith doubled to left center. Wigginton walked. Stewart struck out swinging. Isringhausen pitching for Mets. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to first, Wigginton out at second, Smith to third. Helton hit for Hammel. Helton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Morales pitching for Rockies. Thole grounded out to shortstop. Emaus hit for Isringhausen. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Emaus struck out looking. Reyes tripled to deep right. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Parnell pitching for Mets. Fowler singled to shallow right. Herrera sacrificed to first, Fowler to second. Fowler to third on wild pitch by Parnell. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Fowler scored, Gonzalez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Parnell. Tulowitzki homered to left (404 feet), Gonzalez scored. Smith singled to center. Wigginton struck out swinging. Smith stole second. Stewart struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 8th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Wright homered to right (390 feet). Beltran doubled to shallow right. Davis singled to right, Beltran scored. Pagan popped out to shortstop. Harris flied out to center. Thole struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Beato pitching for Mets. Iannetta struck out swinging. Spilborghs hit for Betancourt. Spilborghs fouled out to first. Fowler grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Street pitching for Rockies. Hairston hit for Beato. Hairston struck out swinging. Reyes struck out swinging. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 7 - Mets 6.	Rockies tag Mets' 'pen, match best start ever