Mets - Top 1st. Nova pitching for Yankees. Reyes grounded out to pitcher. Murphy lined out to left. Beltran struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Jeter grounded out to second. Granderson homered to right. (374 feet). Teixeira grounded out to first. Rodriguez reached on infield single to second. Cano flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Bay singled to center. Martinez singled to center, Bay to second. Turner grounded out to pitcher, Bay to third, Martinez to second. Harris singled to center, Bay scored, Martinez to third. Paulino grounded out to pitcher, Martinez scored, Harris to second. Pridie singled to right, Harris scored. Pridie stole second, Pridie safe at third on throwing error by catcher Cervelli. Reyes lined out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Posada walked. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Posada out at second. Dickerson fouled out to right. Cervelli lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Murphy singled to left. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to first, Murphy out at second. Bay singled to left, Beltran to second. Martinez struck out swinging. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beltran out at third, Bay to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Jeter singled to center. Granderson flied out to center. Teixeira popped out to shortstop. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Harris singled to right. Paulino popped out to second. Pridie walked, Harris to second. Reyes grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pridie out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Cano grounded out to second. Posada singled to center, Posada out stretching at second. Gardner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Murphy flied out to left. Beltran grounded out to first. Bay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Dickerson doubled to deep right center. Cervelli struck out looking. Jeter grounded out to shortstop, Dickerson to third. Granderson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Martinez singled to center. Turner grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martinez out at second. Harris singled to right. Paulino singled to center, Harris to second. Pridie grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Teixeira struck out swinging. Rodriguez singled to left. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second. Posada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Reyes grounded out to first. Murphy grounded out to first. Beltran doubled to center. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Bay flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Gardner singled to center. Dickerson walked, Gardner to second. Cervelli hit by pitch, Gardner to third, Dickerson to second. Jeter singled to center, Gardner and Dickerson scored, Cervelli to second. Byrdak pitching for Mets. Granderson sacrificed to third, Cervelli to third, Jeter to second. Teixeira intentionally walked. Beato pitching for Mets. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third, Cervelli scored, Jeter to third, Teixeira to second. Cano singled to right, Jeter scored, Teixeira to third, Rodriguez to second. Posada struck out looking. Misch pitching for Mets. Gardner doubled to left, Teixeira and Rodriguez scored, Cano to third. Dickerson singled to left, Cano and Gardner scored. Cervelli safe at first on error by third baseman Harris, Dickerson to second. Jeter grounded out to second. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 8th. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Martinez struck out looking. Turner grounded out to third. Harris grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Misch pitching for Mets. Granderson flied out to center. Teixeira fouled out to third. Rodriguez singled to left. Cano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Pendleton pitching for Yankees. Paulino grounded out to shortstop. Pridie flied out to center. Reyes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 3 - Yankees 9.	A-Rod, Yanks slam Mets