Pirates - Top 1st. Capuano pitching for Mets. Tabata lined out to left. Harrison flied out to center. McCutchen reached on infield single to third. Walker lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Correia pitching for Pirates. Pagan singled to center. Turner grounded out to third, Pagan to second. Beltran flied out to left, Pagan to third. Bay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Capuano pitching for Mets. Diaz singled to center. Snyder popped out to shortstop. Overbay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Diaz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Correia pitching for Pirates. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. Paulino walked. Harris struck out swinging. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to third, Paulino out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Capuano pitching for Mets. Cedeno fouled out to first. Correia struck out swinging. Tabata grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Correia pitching for Pirates. Capuano popped out to shortstop. Pagan struck out looking. Turner grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Capuano pitching for Mets. Harrison flied out to left. McCutchen singled to right center. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCutchen out at second. Walker caught stealing second, catcher to second. Diaz batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Correia pitching for Pirates. Beltran singled to right. Bay struck out swinging. Murphy singled to right, Beltran to second. Paulino reached on infield single to second, Beltran to third, Murphy to second. Harris struck out looking. Tejada singled to right center, Beltran and Murphy scored, Paulino to third. Capuano grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Capuano pitching for Mets. Diaz grounded out to third. Snyder walked. Overbay struck out looking. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to third, Snyder out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Correia pitching for Pirates. Pagan walked. Pagan caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Turner popped out to second. Beltran grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Capuano pitching for Mets. Correia flied out to left. Tabata flied out to right. Harrison lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Correia pitching for Pirates. Bay grounded out to shortstop. Murphy singled to left. Paulino grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Capuano pitching for Mets. McCutchen reached on infield single to first. Walker reached on bunt single to third, McCutchen to second. Diaz reached on infield single to pitcher, McCutchen to third, Walker to second. Snyder reached on infield single to shortstop, McCutchen scored, Walker to third, Diaz to second. Overbay singled to right center, Walker scored, Diaz to third, Snyder to second. Beato pitching for Mets. Thole catching. Cedeno struck out swinging. Paul hit for Correia. Paul singled to right, Diaz scored, Snyder to third, Overbay to second. Tabata grounded into fielder's choice to third, Snyder scored, Paul out at second, Overbay to third. Tabata stole second. Harrison reached on infield single to shortstop, Overbay scored, Tabata to third. McCutchen struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Resop pitching for Pirates. Wood at third base. Paul in right field. Harris struck out swinging. Tejada grounded out to second. Thole struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Beato pitching for Mets. Walker walked. Wood doubled to left, Walker scored. Snyder hit by pitch. O'Connor pitching for Mets. Overbay singled to right center, Wood scored, Snyder to second. Cedeno walked, Snyder to third, Overbay to second. Paul singled to right, Snyder scored, Overbay to third, Cedeno to second. Thayer pitching for Mets. Tabata grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Overbay out at home, Cedeno to third, Paul to second. Jones hit for Resop. Jones hit sacrifice fly to center, Cedeno scored. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tabata out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Pagan flied out to center. Turner homered to left (408 feet). Beltran doubled to deep right. Bay struck out swinging. Moskos pitching for Pirates. Murphy lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Thayer pitching for Mets. Walker singled to center. Wood grounded into fielder's choice to third, Walker out at second. Snyder lined into double play, second to first, Wood doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Ascanio pitching for Pirates. Pridie hit for Thayer. Pridie struck out looking. Harris singled to right. Tejada singled to left, Harris to second. Thole flied out to center. Pagan grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tejada out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 9 - Mets 3.	Pirates' Correia gets MLB-best 8th win