Mets - Top 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Reyes grounded out to second. Turner hit by pitch. Beltran walked, Turner to second. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Turner to third, Beltran safe at second on error by shortstop Cedeno. Pagan grounded out to first, Turner scored, Beltran to third, Murphy to second. Duda grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Gee pitching for Mets. Tabata singled to center. Harrison reached on bunt single to third, Tabata to second. McCutchen singled to center, Tabata scored, Harrison to second. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Harrison out at third, McCutchen to second. Overbay flied out to center. Diaz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Thole grounded out to shortstop. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Gee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Gee pitching for Mets. Cedeno flied out to center. Brown struck out swinging. Morton popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Reyes singled to right. Turner grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reyes out at second. Beltran singled to center. Murphy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Gee pitching for Mets. Tabata singled to center. Harrison grounded into double play, second to first, Tabata out at second. McCutchen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Pagan doubled to deep left. Duda singled to center, Pagan scored, Duda to third on throwing error by center fielder McCutchen. Thole singled to shallow right, Duda scored. Tejada singled to right, Thole to second. Gee bunted into fielder's choice to first, Thole out at third, Tejada to second. Reyes reached on infield single to second, Tejada to third, Gee to second. Turner singled to left center, Tejada and Gee scored, Reyes to third. Beltran hit sacrifice fly to right, Reyes scored. Turner stole second. Murphy grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Gee pitching for Mets. Walker flied out to left. Overbay grounded out to second. Diaz singled to right. Cedeno flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Pagan tripled to deep right. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Wood at shortstop. Duda hit sacrifice fly to right, Pagan scored. Thole singled to center. Tejada walked, Thole to second. Thole caught stealing third, catcher to shortstop to third to second. Gee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tejada out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Gee pitching for Mets. Brown grounded out to shortstop. Wood singled to center. Tabata grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Wood out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Reyes homered to right (380 feet). Turner grounded out to second. Beltran flied out to left. Murphy tripled to deep right. Pagan flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Gee pitching for Mets. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen lined out to center. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Moskos pitching for Pirates. Duda struck out swinging. Thole singled to left. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to second, Thole out at second. Gee grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tejada out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Gee pitching for Mets. Overbay flied out to left. Diaz flied out to right. Jones hit for Moskos. Jones flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Paul in center field. Wood pitching for Pirates. Jones in right field. Reyes grounded out to second. Turner popped out to second. Beltran walked. Pridie ran for Beltran. Murphy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Pridie in right field. Gee pitching for Mets. Brown struck out swinging. Wood struck out swinging. Tabata reached on infield single to pitcher. Harrison singled to center, Tabata to second. Paul grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Veras pitching for Pirates. Pagan flied out to left. Duda lined out to right. Thole grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Byrdak pitching for Mets. Walker struck out looking. Overbay singled to right. Toregas hit for Veras. Toregas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Overbay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 8 - Pirates 1.	Gee stays undefeated as Mets roll over Pirates