Mets - Top 1st. Holland pitching for Rangers. Reyes reached on infield single to pitcher. Reyes stole second. Turner reached on infield single to shortstop. Beltran lined out to right, Reyes to third. Reyes scored, Turner to second on passed ball by Teagarden. Bay grounded out to pitcher. Hairston grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Gee pitching for Mets. Kinsler flied out to left. Chavez flied out to center. Young homered to left center (410 feet). Beltre singled to center. Cruz singled to center, Beltre to second. Moreland singled to center, Beltre scored, Cruz to third. Murphy walked, Moreland to second. Teagarden grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Murphy out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Paulino reached on infield single to shortstop. Murphy singled to right, Paulino to third. Pagan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Paulino scored, Murphy safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Beltre. Tejada popped out to second. Reyes singled to left, Murphy scored, Pagan to second. Turner flied out to right, Pagan to third, Reyes to second. Beltran singled to center, Pagan and Reyes scored. Bay popped out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Gee pitching for Mets. Blanco grounded out to second. Kinsler grounded out to second. Chavez bunt grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Hairston singled to right. Paulino popped out to second. Murphy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hairston out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Gee pitching for Mets. Young flied out to center. Beltre grounded out to pitcher. Cruz popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Pagan singled to left. Pagan caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Tejada popped out to second. Reyes singled to right. Turner fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Gee pitching for Mets. Moreland walked. Murphy flied out to center. Teagarden singled to center, Moreland to third. Blanco struck out swinging. Kinsler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Beltran popped out to third. Bay flied out to right. Hairston flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Gee pitching for Mets. Chavez doubled to deep right center. Young singled to center, Chavez scored. Beltre safe at first on error by third baseman Turner, Young to second. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young out at third, Beltre to second. Moreland grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cruz out at second, Beltre to third. Murphy flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 6th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Paulino doubled to deep center. Murphy doubled to deep left, Paulino scored. Pagan flied out to center. Tejada singled to right, Murphy scored. Reyes grounded out to third, Tejada to second. Turner grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Gee pitching for Mets. Teagarden safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Tejada. Blanco singled to right, Teagarden to second. Kinsler grounded into double play, third to second to first, Blanco out at second, Teagarden to third. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Top 7th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Beltran safe at first on error by pitcher Holland. Tateyama pitching for Rangers. Bay struck out swinging. Hairston struck out swinging. Paulino lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Beato pitching for Mets. Young grounded out to second. Beltre flied out to left. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Rhodes pitching for Rangers. Murphy singled to right. Pagan popped out to second. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Murphy caught stealing second, catcher to second. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Byrdak pitching for Mets. Moreland grounded out to second. Murphy flied out to center. Isringhausen pitching for Mets. Teagarden grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Reyes tripled to deep right center. Turner lined out to right. Beltran intentionally walked. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to third, Reyes scored, Beltran out at second. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Hairston lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Mets. Blanco reached on infield single to third. Kinsler walked, Blanco to second. Chavez doubled to deep left, Blanco scored, Kinsler to third. Young grounded out to shortstop, Kinsler scored. Beltre grounded out to shortstop, Chavez to third. Cruz lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 8 - Rangers 5.	Reyes helps Mets best Rangers, reach .500