Padres - Top 1st. Dickey pitching for Mets. Venable tripled to deep right. Bartlett hit sacrifice fly to right, Venable scored. Maybin grounded out to second. Guzman grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Harang pitching for Padres. Pagan singled to left. Pagan stole second. Turner walked. Wright grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pagan out at third, Turner to second. Duda struck out looking. Bay popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Dickey pitching for Mets. Blanks singled to left. Forsythe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blanks safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Dickey. Gonzalez flied out to right. Martinez singled to right center, Blanks scored, Forsythe to third. Harang bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Forsythe out at home, Martinez to second. Venable singled to center, Martinez scored, Harang to second, Harang to third, Venable to second on throwing error by center fielder Pagan. Bartlett grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Harang pitching for Padres. Baxter walked. Thole singled to left, Baxter to second. Tejada singled to center, Baxter to third, Thole to second. Dickey flied out to right. Pagan struck out looking. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tejada out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Dickey pitching for Mets. Maybin struck out looking. Guzman singled to center. Blanks walked, Guzman to second. Forsythe doubled to deep left center, Guzman scored, Blanks to third. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to left, Blanks scored. Martinez grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Harang pitching for Padres. Wright popped out to second. Duda struck out swinging. Bay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Dickey pitching for Mets. Harang grounded out to pitcher. Venable grounded out to second. Bartlett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Harang pitching for Padres. Baxter grounded out to shortstop. Thole singled to right. Tejada doubled to deep left, Thole to third. Dickey singled to left, Thole scored, Tejada to third. Pridie hit for Pagan. Pridie flied out to left, Tejada thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Pridie in center field. Dickey pitching for Mets. Maybin grounded out to catcher. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Blanks grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Harang pitching for Padres. Turner struck out swinging. Wright doubled to deep right center. Duda flied out to center. Bay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Dickey pitching for Mets. Forsythe grounded out to third. Gonzalez flied out to center. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Harang pitching for Padres. Baxter struck out swinging. Thole doubled to deep center. Tejada grounded out to shortstop, Thole to third. Evans hit for Dickey. Evans doubled to left, Thole scored. Pridie singled to center, Evans scored. Forsythe at second base. Bass pitching for Padres. Darnell at third base. Turner flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Beato pitching for Mets. Darnell grounded out to shortstop. Venable doubled to deep left. Bartlett singled to center, Venable to third. Maybin hit sacrifice fly to left, Venable scored, Bartlett to second. Guzman walked. Blanks struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Bass pitching for Padres. Wright struck out swinging. Duda grounded out to first. Bay walked. Baxter singled to center, Bay to third. Spence pitching for Padres. Thole flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Beato pitching for Mets. Forsythe flied out to center. Tekotte hit for Spence. Tekotte lined out to right. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Tekotte in left field. Tejada doubled to deep right. Harris hit for Beato. Harris singled to right, Tejada scored. Pridie grounded into fielder's choice to second, Harris out at second. Turner grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pridie out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Parnell pitching for Mets. Harris at second base. Darnell singled to left. Venable doubled to deep left, Darnell to third. Bartlett struck out swinging. Maybin grounded out to shortstop, Darnell scored, Venable to third. Guzman singled to right center, Venable scored. Cunningham hit for Gregerson. Guzman stole second. Cunningham reached on infield single to first, Guzman to third. Guzman stole home, Cunningham stole second. Forsythe walked. Tekotte struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Bell pitching for Padres. Wright grounded out to shortstop. Duda singled to center. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to third, Duda out at second. Baxter walked, Bay to second. Thole singled to left, Bay to third, Baxter to second. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bay scored on error by second baseman Forsythe, Baxter to third, Thole to second. Harris lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Padres 9 - Mets 5.	Venable sparks offense as Padres hold off Mets