Marlins - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Mets. Bonifacio reached on infield single to second. Bonifacio stole second. Infante fouled out to right, Bonifacio to third. Dobbs walked. Stanton hit sacrifice fly to right, Bonifacio scored. Morrison walked, Dobbs to second. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Hensley pitching for Marlins. Reyes flied out to left. Tejada doubled to deep left. Duda flied out to right. Wright walked. Pagan popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Mets. Petersen grounded out to second. Hayes reached on infield single to third. Hensley sacrificed to first, Hayes to second. Nickeas catching. Bonifacio doubled to deep right, Hayes scored. Infante flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Hensley pitching for Marlins. Bay grounded out to third. Evans struck out swinging. Nickeas grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Mets. Dobbs singled to center. Stanton singled to shallow left, Dobbs to second. Morrison grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Stanton out at second, Dobbs to third. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Hensley pitching for Marlins. Batista safe at first on error by shortstop Bonifacio. Reyes singled to left, Batista to second. Tejada hit by pitch, Batista to third, Reyes to second. Duda walked, Batista scored, Reyes to third, Tejada to second. Wright singled to shallow center, Reyes and Tejada scored, Duda to second, Duda to third, Wright to second on throwing error by center fielder Petersen. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Pagan struck out swinging. Duda scored, Wright to third on passed ball by Hayes. Bay grounded out to shortstop. Evans grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Mets. Petersen lined out to center. Hayes lined out to shortstop. Badenhop struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Nickeas struck out swinging. Batista grounded out to pitcher. Reyes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Mets. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Infante grounded out to third. Dobbs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Tejada popped out to second. Duda grounded out to first. Wright grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Mets. Stanton walked. Morrison singled to right, Stanton to second. Sanchez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Morrison out at second, Stanton to third. Petersen grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Pagan singled to center. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pagan out at second. Evans grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Beato pitching for Mets. Hayes flied out to right. Lopez hit for Badenhop. Lopez lined out to left. Bonifacio walked. Infante struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Lopez at second base. Nickeas struck out swinging. Harris hit for Beato. Harris flied out to center. Reyes popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Acosta pitching for Mets. Dobbs grounded out to second. Stanton flied out to center. Morrison flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Tejada hit by pitch. Duda doubled to deep left, Tejada scored. Wright walked. Pagan sacrificed to catcher, Duda to third, Wright to second, Pagan safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Cishek. Duda scored, Wright to third on throwing error by pitcher Cishek. Pagan stole second. Bay intentionally walked. Evans struck out swinging. Nickeas singled to left, Wright scored, Pagan to third, Bay to second. Hatcher pitching for Marlins. Pridie hit for Acosta. Pridie fouled out to third. Reyes flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Turner at second base. Carrasco pitching for Mets. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Petersen singled to right. Hayes lined out to center. Lopez doubled to left, Petersen to third. Bonifacio singled to center, Petersen and Lopez scored. Buck hit for Hatcher. Parnell pitching for Mets. Bonifacio stole second. Buck doubled to deep right, Bonifacio scored. Dobbs popped out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Mets 7.	Batista gets 100th win as Mets topple Marlins