Nationals - Top 1st. Schwinden pitching for Mets. Desmond flied out to right. Ankiel walked. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ankiel out at second. Morse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Milone pitching for Nationals. Tejada doubled to deep left. Turner walked. Wright grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Turner out at second, Tejada to third. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Schwinden pitching for Mets. Werth struck out swinging. Espinosa lined out to right. Marrero lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Milone pitching for Nationals. Pagan walked. Evans grounded out to third, Pagan to second. Pascucci grounded out to third, Pagan to third. Paulino intentionally walked. Schwinden struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Schwinden pitching for Mets. Ramos struck out swinging. Milone grounded out to first. Desmond singled to center. Ankiel singled to left, Desmond to third. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ankiel out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Milone pitching for Nationals. Tejada grounded out to second. Turner lined out to center. Wright grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Schwinden pitching for Mets. Morse flied out to center. Werth popped out to second. Espinosa walked. Marrero flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Milone pitching for Nationals. Bay struck out swinging. Pagan singled to left. Pagan caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher. Evans flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Schwinden pitching for Mets. Ramos reached on infield single to third. Milone sacrificed to catcher, Ramos to second. Desmond singled to right, Ramos to third. Ankiel safe at second on error by first baseman Pascucci, Ramos scored, Desmond to third. Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to left, Desmond scored, Ankiel to third. Morse grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 5th. Milone pitching for Nationals. Pascucci popped out to first. Paulino struck out swinging. Satin hit for Schwinden. Satin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for Mets. Werth flied out to center. Espinosa hit by pitch. Marrero grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Espinosa out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Milone pitching for Nationals. Tejada flied out to center. Turner flied out to center. Wright singled to left. Balester pitching for Nationals. Bay doubled to deep left, Wright scored. Pagan walked. Evans struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Carrasco pitching for Mets. Ramos flied out to right. Lombardozzi hit for Balester. Lombardozzi singled to left. Desmond singled to left, Lombardozzi to third. Herrera pitching for Mets. Gomes hit for Ankiel. Lombardozzi scored, Desmond to second on balk by Herrera. Gomes walked. Igarashi pitching for Mets. Zimmerman walked, Desmond to third, Gomes to second. Morse struck out swinging. Werth grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Gomes in right field. Werth in center field. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Harris hit for Pascucci. Harris flied out to left. Paulino walked. Duda hit for Igarashi. Paulino to second on passed ball by Ramos. Duda walked. Tejada flied out to center. Paulino to third, Duda to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Turner walked. Coffey pitching for Nationals. Wright flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Evans at first base. Harris in right field. Beato pitching for Mets. Espinosa singled to center. Marrero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Espinosa out at second. Ramos doubled to deep right center, Marrero to third. Nix hit for Coffey. Nix intentionally walked. Cora ran for Nix. Desmond singled to left, Marrero scored, Ramos to third, Cora to second. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramos scored, Desmond out at second, Cora to third. Zimmerman doubled to left, Cora scored, Gomes to third. Thayer pitching for Mets. Morse grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Bixler in left field. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Bay doubled to left. Pagan struck out swinging. Evans struck out swinging. Harris flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Acosta pitching for Mets. Werth safe at first on error by third baseman Wright. Espinosa doubled to right center, Werth to third. Marrero hit sacrifice fly to right, Werth scored, Espinosa to third. Ramos singled to shallow right center, Espinosa scored. Bernadina hit for Clippard. Bernadina singled to shallow center, Ramos to second. Desmond doubled to deep left, Ramos and Bernadina scored. Gomes lined out to center. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 9th. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Bernadina in center field. Paulino singled to center. Nickeas hit for Acosta. Nickeas struck out swinging. Tejada singled to right, Paulino to second. Turner grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tejada out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 10 - Mets 1.	Milone helps Nats finish 4-game sweep of Mets