Mets - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. den Dekker grounded out to first. Murphy grounded out to second. Wright grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Colon pitching for Mets. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez struck out looking. Utley lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Granderson flied out to right. Abreu doubled to deep right. Duda doubled to deep right, Abreu scored. Flores lined out to center, Duda to third. d'Arnaud intentionally walked. Colon struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Colon pitching for Mets. Howard flied out to center. Byrd walked. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Byrd out at second. Brown grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. den Dekker flied out to center. Murphy grounded out to second. Wright lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Colon pitching for Mets. Brignac singled to center. Hernandez sacrificed to pitcher, Brignac to second. Revere singled to shallow center, Brignac tagged out at home, Revere to second advancing on play. Hernandez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Granderson struck out swinging. Abreu grounded out to first. Duda grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Colon pitching for Mets. Utley popped out to left. Howard walked. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to third, Howard out at second. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Byrd out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Flores struck out swinging. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. Colon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Colon pitching for Mets. Brown lined out to left. Brignac singled to right. Hernandez struck out swinging. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Brignac out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. den Dekker singled to right center. Murphy singled to right center, den Dekker to third. Wright doubled to deep center, den Dekker and Murphy scored. Granderson flied out to left. Abreu walked. Hollands pitching for Phillies. Duda safe at first on error by second baseman Utley, Wright to third, Abreu to second. Flores doubled to right, Wright and Abreu scored, Duda to third. d'Arnaud intentionally walked. Colon struck out swinging. den Dekker struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Colon pitching for Mets. Hernandez walked. Utley doubled to deep right, Hernandez to third. Howard grounded out to shortstop, Hernandez scored, Utley to third. Byrd lined out to center. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Hollands pitching for Phillies. Murphy lined out to shortstop. Wright singled to right center. Wright caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Granderson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Colon pitching for Mets. Brown grounded out to second. Brignac struck out looking. Gwynn Jr. struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Jimenez pitching for Phillies. Abreu flied out to left. Duda walked. Flores flied into fielder's choice to right, Duda out at second. d'Arnaud grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Flores out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Colon pitching for Mets. Revere singled to right center. Hernandez singled to left, Revere to second. Eveland pitching for Mets. Young in left field. Granderson in right field. Utley flied out to center, Revere to third. Howard struck out swinging. Familia pitching for Mets. Revere scored, Hernandez to second on wild pitch by Familia. Byrd flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Young walked. den Dekker struck out looking. Murphy singled to center, Young to third. Wright walked, Murphy to second. Granderson singled to right, Young and Murphy scored, Wright to third. Aumont pitching for Phillies. Campbell walked, Granderson to second. Duda struck out swinging. Flores homered to left (402 feet), Wright, Granderson and Campbell scored. d'Arnaud grounded out to third. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Torres pitching for Mets. Ruiz popped out to shortstop. Brown reached on infield single to second. Brignac grounded into double play, third to second to first, Brown out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 11 - Phillies 2.	Colon, Flores lead Mets past Phillies