Twins - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Span lined out to shortstop. Revere doubled to deep center. Mauer grounded out to shortstop, Revere to third. Willingham singled to left, Revere scored. Morneau struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Twins. Hart homered to left (449 feet). Morgan grounded out to second. Braun grounded out to second. Lucroy homered to left (385 feet). Green grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Dozier struck out swinging. Plouffe grounded out to shortstop. Carroll struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Marquis pitching for Twins. Ishikawa singled to center. Izturis popped out to second. Maysonet out on batter's interference to catcher. Maysonet batting. Greinke singled to center, Ishikawa to third. Hart reached on infield single to third, Ishikawa scored, Greinke to second. Morgan walked, Greinke to third, Hart to second. Braun doubled to center, Greinke and Hart scored, Morgan to third. Lucroy singled to left, Morgan and Braun scored. Green hit by pitch, Lucroy to second. Ishikawa singled to right, Lucroy scored, Green to second. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Izturis flied out to right. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Swarzak grounded out to first. Span flied out to left. Revere struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Maysonet struck out looking. Greinke grounded out to shortstop. Hart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Mauer singled to center. Willingham popped out to second. Morneau grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Mauer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Morgan singled to left. Braun doubled to deep right, Morgan scored. Lucroy flied out to center, Braun to third. Green hit sacrifice fly to left, Braun scored. Ishikawa walked. Izturis flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Dozier grounded out to second. Plouffe struck out looking. Carroll safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Green. Komatsu hit for Swarzak. Komatsu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Maysonet grounded out to second. Greinke singled to left. Hart popped out to second. Morgan walked, Greinke to second. Braun singled to left, Greinke scored, Morgan to second. Lucroy flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Span popped out to third. Revere grounded out to second. Mauer singled to left. Mastroianni hit for Willingham. Mastroianni walked, Mauer to second. Morneau flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Mastroianni in left field. Burnett pitching for Twins. Green struck out swinging. Ishikawa flied out to left. Izturis singled to center. Maysonet popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Hart at first base. Ishikawa in right field. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Dozier flied out to center. Plouffe singled to left. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to second, Plouffe safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Maysonet. Casilla hit for Burnett. Casilla grounded out to third. Span walked. Morgan in right field. Perez pitching for Brewers. Gomez in center field. Revere struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Gray pitching for Twins. Plouffe at first base. Casilla at third base. Gomez singled to center. Hart singled to right, Gomez to second. Morgan hit by pitch, Gomez to third, Hart to second. Aoki hit for Braun. Aoki reached on infield single to shortstop, Gomez scored, Hart to third, Morgan to second. Lucroy homered to right (380 feet), Hart, Morgan and Aoki scored. Duensing pitching for Twins. Green hit by pitch. Perez struck out looking. Izturis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Green out at second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Kottaras at first base. Aoki in left field. Perez pitching for Brewers. Mauer doubled to deep center. Mastroianni grounded out to shortstop. Butera hit for Duensing. Butera walked. Dozier singled to left, Mauer scored, Butera to second. Dillard pitching for Brewers. Plouffe grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dozier out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Butera pitching for Twins. Maysonet grounded out to shortstop. Gomez struck out swinging. Kottaras walked. Kottaras to second on wild pitch by Butera. Morgan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Loe pitching for Brewers. Carroll grounded out to third. Casilla singled to right. Span lined out to third. Revere walked, Casilla to second. Mauer reached on infield single to shortstop, Casilla to third, Revere to second. Mastroianni safe at first on error by shortstop Izturis, Casilla scored, Revere to third, Mauer to second. Butera walked, Revere scored, Mauer to third, Mastroianni to second. Dozier fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 4 - Brewers 16.	Lucroy's 7 RBIs help Brewers top Twins