Mariners - Top 1st . Junis pitching for Royals . Gordon flied out to left . Segura grounded out to second . Canó flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Jay singled to shallow left . Merrifield singled to center , Jay to second . Moustakas doubled to deep center , Jay and Merrifield scored . Cuthbert struck out swinging . Soler singled to center , Moustakas scored on error by center fielder Gordon . Orlando reached on infield single to shortstop , Soler to second . Gallagher struck out swinging , Soler to third , Orlando to second on passed ball . Escobar walked . Butera struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 2nd . Junis pitching for Royals . Haniger flied out to right . Seager popped out to third . Vogelbach hit by pitch . Heredia lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Jay grounded out to second . Merrifield lined out to second . Moustakas grounded out to second . Cuthbert lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Junis pitching for Royals . Suzuki flied out to center . Freitas walked . Gordon grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Freitas out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Soler singled to right . Orlando singled to left , Soler to third , Orlando to second advancing on throw . Gallagher struck out looking . Lawrence pitching for Mariners . Escobar grounded out to first , Soler scored , Orlando to third . Butera hit by pitch . Jay struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Junis pitching for Royals . Segura struck out swinging . Canó hit by pitch . Haniger walked , Canó to second . Seager grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Haniger out at second , Canó to third . Vogelbach grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Lawrence pitching for Mariners . Merrifield singled to center . Moustakas flied out to left . Cuthbert walked , Merrifield to second . Merrifield stole third . Soler walked , Cuthbert to second . Orlando grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Merrifield scored , Soler out at second , Cuthbert to third . Gallagher doubled to left , Cuthbert scored , Orlando to third . Escobar reached on infield single to third , Orlando scored , Gallagher to third . Butera doubled to deep left center , Gallagher and Escobar scored . Jay flied out to right . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Junis pitching for Royals . Heredia hit by pitch . Suzuki flied out to center . Freitas lined out to center . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Bradford pitching for Mariners . Merrifield flied out to center . Moustakas lined out to right . Cuthbert walked . Soler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cuthbert out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Junis pitching for Royals . Segura grounded out to third . Canó grounded out to third . Haniger flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Bradford pitching for Mariners . Orlando lined out to pitcher . Gallagher grounded out to third . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Junis pitching for Royals . Seager grounded out to pitcher . Vogelbach reached on infield single to shortstop . Heredia struck out swinging . Suzuki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Bradford pitching for Mariners . Butera struck out swinging . Jay grounded out to first . Merrifield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Maurer pitching for Royals . Freitas struck out looking . Gordon singled to center . Segura grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Romine at second base . Motter pitching for Mariners . Moustakas homered to right ( 415 feet ) . Cuthbert walked . Soler hit by pitch , Cuthbert to second . Orlando struck out swinging . Gallagher lined out to second . Escobar flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Romine struck out swinging . Haniger struck out swinging . Seager flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 0 - Royals 10 .	Royals ' Yost unaware P was in middle of no - no