Royals - Top 1st . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Jay singled to center . Jay to second on wild pitch by Tillman . Soler walked . Moustakas walked , Jay to third , Soler to second . Pérez homered to right ( 363 feet ) , Jay , Soler and Moustakas scored . Duda grounded out to first . Merrifield singled to right . Gordon grounded into double play , third to second to first , Merrifield out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Mancini doubled to deep right . Jones doubled to deep right center , Mancini scored . Machado homered to right center ( 417 feet ) , Jones scored . Schoop popped out to shortstop . Davis struck out swinging . Trumbo flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Cuthbert walked . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cuthbert safe at second on error by second baseman Schoop . Jay sacrificed to third , Cuthbert to third , Escobar to second . Soler singled to center , Cuthbert and Escobar scored . Castro pitching for Orioles . Moustakas singled to shallow right , Soler to second . Pérez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Moustakas out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Álvarez flied out to center . Peterson grounded out to pitcher . Sisco struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Castro pitching for Orioles . Duda doubled to left . Merrifield walked . Gordon flied out to left . Duda to third , Merrifield to second on balk by Castro . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Mancini singled to left . Jones homered to left ( 405 feet ) , Mancini scored . Machado struck out swinging . Schoop flied out to center . Davis struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Castro pitching for Orioles . Jay singled to left . Soler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jay out at second . Moustakas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Trumbo walked . Álvarez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Trumbo out at second . Peterson singled to right , Álvarez to third . Sisco doubled to deep right center , Álvarez and Peterson scored . Mancini homered to right center ( 370 feet ) , Sisco scored . Jones grounded out to second . Machado walked . Schoop popped out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Castro pitching for Orioles . Pérez flied out to right . Duda walked . Merrifield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Duda out at second . Merrifield stole second . Gordon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Davis struck out swinging . Trumbo doubled to deep right center . Santander hit for Álvarez . Santander singled to center , Trumbo scored . Peterson grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Santander out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Castro pitching for Orioles . Cuthbert singled to left . Escobar lined out to right . Cuthbert to second on wild pitch by Castro . Jay flied out to right . Soler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Sisco struck out looking . Mancini grounded out to third . Jones singled to center . Machado walked , Jones to second . Schoop singled to center , Jones scored , Machado to third . Davis popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Scott pitching for Orioles . Moustakas flied out to center . Pérez struck out swinging . Duda struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Butera catching . Adam pitching for Royals . Trumbo singled to right . Santander fouled out to third . Peterson flied out to left . Sisco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Scott pitching for Orioles . Merrifield doubled to deep right . Gordon struck out swinging . Cuthbert struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Adam pitching for Royals . Mancini grounded out to second . Jones popped out to second . Machado singled to deep center . Schoop fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Gentry in right field . Givens pitching for Orioles . Jay lined out to third . Soler reached on infield single to first . Moustakas hit into fielder 's choice to right , Soler out at second . Butera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Orioles 11 .	Orioles beat Royals 11 - 6 for 2nd winning streak of season