Royals - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Yankees . Merrifield grounded out to second . Herrera grounded out to catcher . Moustakas flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Junis pitching for Royals . Gardner grounded out to second . Judge hit by pitch . Gregorius doubled to shallow right , Judge to third . Stanton hit sacrifice fly to right , Judge scored , Gregorius to third . Hicks walked . Torres grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gregorius scored , Hicks safe at second on error by shortstop Mondesi . Bird grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 2nd . Gray pitching for Yankees . Pérez flied out to center . Duda grounded out to first . Bonifacio flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Junis pitching for Royals . Walker struck out swinging . Romine flied out to right . Gardner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Gray pitching for Yankees . Gordon struck out swinging . Goodwin singled to center . Mondesi singled to right , Goodwin to third . Merrifield struck out swinging , Mondesi stole second . Herrera walked . Moustakas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Junis pitching for Royals . Judge reached on infield single to pitcher . Gregorius struck out swinging . Stanton walked , Judge to second . Hicks singled to deep center , Judge to third , Stanton to second . Torres grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hicks out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Gray pitching for Yankees . Pérez flied out to center . Duda grounded out to first . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Junis pitching for Royals . Bird grounded out to first . Walker reached on infield single to shortstop . Romine doubled to deep center , Walker scored . Gardner grounded out to pitcher . Andújar hit for Judge . Andújar safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Mondesi , Romine to third . Gregorius homered to right ( 369 feet ) , Romine and Andújar scored . Stanton grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 5th . Gray pitching for Yankees . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Goodwin doubled to right center . Mondesi grounded out to first , Goodwin to third . Merrifield walked . Merrifield stole second . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Junis pitching for Royals . Hicks singled to right center . Torres singled to center , Hicks to third . Bird hit sacrifice fly to left , Hicks scored . Walker singled to left , Torres to second . Romine struck out swinging . Hill pitching for Royals . Gardner struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Moustakas hit ground rule double to deep left . Pérez homered to center ( 420 feet ) , Moustakas scored . Duda struck out swinging . Bonifacio flied out to center . Gordon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Adam pitching for Royals . Andújar fouled out to second . Gregorius lined out to left . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Goodwin struck out swinging . Mondesi struck out swinging . Merrifield singled to right . Merrifield stole second . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Maurer pitching for Royals . Hicks flied out to center . Torres struck out looking . Bird walked . Walker flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Britton pitching for Yankees . Moustakas grounded out to third . Pérez struck out looking . Duda grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Romine grounded out to second . Gardner singled to center . Andújar singled to shallow right , Gardner to second . Gregorius grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Andújar out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Bonifacio reached on infield single to pitcher . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bonifacio out at second . Goodwin struck out swinging . Mondesi singled to left center , Gordon to second . Merrifield singled to center , Gordon thrown out at home , Mondesi to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 2 - Yankees 7 .	Judge hit by pitch , leaves early as Yankees beat Royals 7 - 2