Royals - Top 1st . Covey pitching for White Sox . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . Gordon flied out to right . Pérez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Junis pitching for Royals . Moncada homered to right ( 363 feet ) . Sánchez doubled to right . Abreu popped out to second . Palka grounded out to first , Sánchez to third . García struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Covey pitching for White Sox . Duda lined out to left . Herrera grounded out to first . Phillips struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Junis pitching for Royals . García grounded out to shortstop . Delmonico struck out looking . Anderson reached on infield single to second . Anderson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Smith batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Covey pitching for White Sox . O'Hearn walked . Escobar walked , O'Hearn to second . Mondesi sacrificed to catcher , O'Hearn to third , Escobar to second , Mondesi safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Covey . O'Hearn to third on throwing error by pitcher Covey . Merrifield grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , O'Hearn out at home , Escobar to third , Mondesi to second . Gordon doubled to deep center , Escobar and Mondesi scored . Pérez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Junis pitching for Royals . Smith grounded out to third . Moncada singled to right . Moncada caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Duda flied out to center . Herrera grounded out to third . Phillips doubled to deep left center . O'Hearn singled to left , Phillips scored , O'Hearn to second advancing on throw . Escobar grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Junis pitching for Royals . Abreu lined out to center . Palka flied out to right . García lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Mondesi flied out to left . Merrifield singled to shallow right . Merrifield stole second . Gordon walked . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Merrifield scored on error by second baseman Moncada , Gordon safe at third on error by second baseman Moncada . Duda singled to left , Gordon scored , Pérez to second . Cedeño pitching for White Sox . Herrera hit ground rule double to left , Pérez scored , Duda to third . Phillips singled to right , Duda scored , Herrera to third . O'Hearn struck out looking . Herrera scored , Phillips to second on wild pitch by Cedeño . Escobar lined out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Junis pitching for Royals . García flied out to left . Delmonico grounded out to first . Anderson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Danish pitching for White Sox . Mondesi singled to right center . Merrifield flied out to left . Gordon homered to right ( 394 feet ) , Mondesi scored . Pérez flied out to left . Duda walked . Herrera walked , Duda to second . Phillips grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Junis pitching for Royals . Smith singled to center . Moncada walked , Smith to second . Sánchez struck out swinging . Abreu walked , Smith to third , Moncada to second . Palka walked , Smith scored , Moncada to third , Abreu to second . García struck out swinging . García singled to center , Moncada and Abreu scored , Palka to second . Flynn pitching for Royals . Delmonico lined out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Vieira pitching for White Sox . O'Hearn grounded out to first . Escobar flied out to right . Mondesi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Anderson doubled to left . Smith grounded out to shortstop , Anderson to third . Moncada struck out looking . Sánchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Vieira pitching for White Sox . Merrifield flied out to center . Gordon grounded out to second . Pérez doubled to left . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Duda flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Abreu doubled to right center . Palka grounded out to third , Abreu to third . García lined out to second . García singled to left , Abreu scored . Delmonico grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Herrera flied out to center . Phillips struck out looking . O'Hearn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Maurer pitching for Royals . Anderson struck out swinging . Smith grounded out to third . Moncada walked . Sánchez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 10 - White Sox 5 .	Gordon homers as Royals beat White Sox 10 - 5