Royals - Top 1st . Odorizzi pitching for Twins . Merrifield popped out to second . Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop . Pérez hit by pitch , Gordon to second . Duda flied out to center , Gordon to third . Herrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pérez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Fillmyer pitching for Royals . Mauer walked . Rosario struck out swinging . Polanco struck out swinging . Morrison struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Odorizzi pitching for Twins . Phillips struck out swinging . Dozier fouled out to first . O'Hearn lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Fillmyer pitching for Royals . Forsythe singled to right . Kepler walked , Forsythe to second . Sanó doubled to short left , Forsythe and Kepler scored . Cave singled to right center , Sanó to third . Garver lined out to third . Mauer singled to right center , Sanó scored , Cave to third . Rosario grounded into double play , first to catcher to third to second , Cave out at home , Rosario out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Odorizzi pitching for Twins . Mondesi lined out to shortstop . Merrifield singled to right . Gordon struck out swinging . Pérez homered to center ( 412 feet ) , Merrifield scored . Duda grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Fillmyer pitching for Royals . Polanco popped out to third . Morrison singled to right . Forsythe walked , Morrison to second . Kepler grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Forsythe out at second , Morrison to third . Sanó flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Odorizzi pitching for Twins . Herrera singled to right center . Phillips flied out to left . Moya pitching for Twins . Dozier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Herrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Cave struck out swinging . Garver grounded out to second . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Moya pitching for Twins . O'Hearn flied out to left . Mondesi reached on infield single to third . Merrifield singled to shallow center , Mondesi to third . Gordon singled to center , Mondesi scored , Merrifield to second . Pérez singled to right , Merrifield to third , Gordon to second . Duda hit sacrifice fly to right , Merrifield scored . Herrera grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Rosario singled to left center . Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop , Rosario to second . Morrison grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Polanco out at second , Rosario to third . Forsythe grounded out to shortstop , Rosario scored , Morrison to second . Kepler walked . Sanó reached on infield single to third , Morrison to third , Kepler to second . Cave walked , Morrison scored , Kepler to third , Sanó to second . Garver struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . May pitching for Twins . Phillips struck out swinging . Dozier singled to center . O'Hearn struck out swinging . Mondesi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Mauer struck out swinging . Rosario singled to right . Polanco doubled to deep left , Rosario scored . Adam pitching for Royals . Morrison struck out swinging . Forsythe struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Hildenberger pitching for Twins . Merrifield singled to right center . Gordon struck out swinging , Merrifield stole second . Pérez flied out to right . Duda struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Adam pitching for Royals . Kepler walked . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Sanó struck out looking . Kepler caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Cave lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Phillips struck out looking . Dozier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Maurer pitching for Royals . Garver singled to right . Mauer lined out to left . Rosario lined out to shortstop . Polanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Twins . O'Hearn flied out to left . Mondesi struck out swinging . Merrifield lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 4 - Twins 6 .	Twins wait through rain delays to beat Royals 6 - 4