Cardinals - Top 1st . Junis pitching for Royals . Carpenter struck out swinging . Molina struck out looking . Martínez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Ross pitching for Cardinals . Merrifield grounded out to pitcher . Gordon walked . Pérez singled to left , Gordon to second . Duda walked , Gordon to third , Pérez to second . Herrera safe at first on error by first baseman Wisdom , Gordon scored , Pérez to third , Duda to second . Bonifacio grounded into double play , third to second to first , Herrera out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Junis pitching for Royals . Ozuna struck out swinging . DeJong hit by pitch . Gyorko struck out swinging . Garcia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Ross pitching for Cardinals . Dozier grounded out to third . Escobar struck out swinging . Butera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Junis pitching for Royals . Bader struck out swinging . Wisdom reached on infield single to second . Carpenter struck out swinging . Molina hit by pitch , Wisdom to second . Martínez singled to center , Wisdom scored , Molina to third . Ozuna lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Ross pitching for Cardinals . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . Gordon grounded out to second . Pérez hit ground rule double to deep right . Duda singled to center , Pérez scored , Duda to second advancing on throw . Herrera singled to right center , Duda thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Junis pitching for Royals . DeJong flied out to center . Gyorko grounded out to third . Garcia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Ross pitching for Cardinals . Bonifacio flied out to left . Dozier struck out looking . Escobar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Junis pitching for Royals . Bader struck out swinging . Wisdom struck out swinging . Carpenter singled to left center . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carpenter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Ross pitching for Cardinals . Butera grounded out to shortstop . Merrifield lined out to first . Gordon lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Junis pitching for Royals . Martínez grounded out to second . Ozuna grounded out to first . DeJong flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Ross pitching for Cardinals . Pérez grounded out to second . Duda grounded out to second . Herrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Gyorko singled to left . Garcia reached on infield single to shortstop , Gyorko to second . Bader walked , Gyorko to third , Garcia to second . Wisdom singled to center , Gyorko scored , Garcia to third , Bader to second . Hill pitching for Royals . Carpenter grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Garcia out at home , Bader to third , Wisdom to second . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Molina singled to right center , Bader and Wisdom scored , Carpenter to second . Martínez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Molina out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . García in right field . Mayers pitching for Cardinals . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Dozier flied out to center . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Ozuna singled to right . DeJong lined out to shortstop . Gyorko grounded out to third , Ozuna to second . Garcia doubled to center , Ozuna scored . Bader hit by pitch . Wisdom grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Hicks pitching for Cardinals . Butera grounded out to second . Merrifield singled to center . Gordon flied out to center . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Carpenter hit by pitch . Molina flied out to right , Carpenter to second . García struck out swinging . Ozuna doubled to deep center , Carpenter scored . DeJong homered to left ( 417 feet ) , Ozuna scored . Gyorko singled to center . Garcia struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Duda struck out looking . Herrera struck out swinging . Bonifacio hit by pitch . Norris pitching for Cardinals . Bonifacio to second on fielder 's indifference . Dozier struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Royals 2 .	Cardinals rally to beat Royals 8 - 2 for 5th straight win