Royals - Top 1st . Gonsalves pitching for Twins . Merrifield lined out to pitcher . Mondesi singled to right center . Mondesi to second on wild pitch by Gonsalves . Gordon fouled out to third . Dozier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Fillmyer pitching for Royals . Mauer struck out looking . Polanco grounded out to first . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Gonsalves pitching for Twins . Bonifacio singled to center . Pérez flied out to left . Bonifacio caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Herrera walked . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Herrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Fillmyer pitching for Royals . Forsythe walked . Cave flied out to center . Garver singled to left , Forsythe to second . Kepler popped out to third . Grossman walked , Forsythe to third , Garver to second . Adrianza singled to center , Forsythe and Garver scored , Grossman to third , Adrianza to second advancing on throw . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Gonsalves pitching for Twins . Gallagher flied out to left . Merrifield singled to right . Mondesi walked , Merrifield to second . Gordon doubled to right , Merrifield and Mondesi scored . Dozier walked . Bonifacio singled to left , Gordon scored , Dozier to third . Busenitz pitching for Twins . Pérez homered to left center ( 405 feet ) , Dozier and Bonifacio scored . Herrera walked . Herrera to second on wild pitch by Busenitz . Escobar reached on infield single to first , Herrera to third . O'Hearn hit for Gallagher . O'Hearn struck out looking . Merrifield lined out to first . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Fillmyer pitching for Royals . Polanco reached on bunt single to third . Rosario singled to left , Polanco to second . Forsythe singled to center , Polanco scored , Rosario to second . Cave doubled to deep left center , Rosario scored , Forsythe to third . Garver grounded out to shortstop , Forsythe scored , Cave to third . Cave scored on Pérez ' passed ball . Kepler walked . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Grossman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kepler out at second . Adrianza grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Moya pitching for Twins . Mondesi grounded out to catcher . Gordon walked . Dozier grounded out to catcher , Gordon to second . Bonifacio walked . Pérez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . Polanco flied out to left . Rosario popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . May pitching for Twins . Herrera hit ground rule double to deep left . Escobar sacrificed to catcher , Herrera to third . O'Hearn struck out swinging . Merrifield popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Forsythe safe at second on error by third baseman Escobar . Cave singled to right , Forsythe to third , Cave to second advancing on throw . Garver grounded out to shortstop , Forsythe scored , Cave to third . Kepler singled to right , Cave scored . Grossman walked , Kepler to second . Adrianza singled to right , Kepler scored , Grossman to third . Mauer walked , Adrianza to second . Vasto pitching for Royals . Polanco flied out to right . Rosario popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 6th . May pitching for Twins . Mondesi struck out swinging . Gordon lined out to center . Dozier singled to center . Bonifacio singled to left , Dozier to second . Pérez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Skoglund pitching for Royals . Forsythe grounded out to shortstop . Cave grounded out to shortstop . Garver flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Magill pitching for Twins . Herrera popped out to shortstop . Escobar grounded out to third . O'Hearn walked . Merrifield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Skoglund pitching for Royals . Kepler grounded out to second . Grossman walked . Adrianza reached on bunt single to pitcher , Grossman to second . Mauer struck out looking . Polanco reached on infield single to third , Grossman tagged out at home , Adrianza to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Mondesi grounded out to third . Gordon lined out to shortstop . Dozier struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Rosario homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Forsythe grounded out to second . Cave struck out swinging . Garver walked . Kepler flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Hildenberger pitching for Twins . Bonifacio grounded out to first . Pérez flied out to left . Herrera lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Twins 10 .	Rosario , Adrianza lead Twins past Royals 10 - 6