Cubs - Top 1st . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . Schwarber grounded out to pitcher . Bryant struck out swinging . Rizzo walked . Rizzo stole second . Zobrist walked . Russell singled to right , Rizzo scored , Zobrist to third , Russell to second on error by catcher Cervelli . Heyward homered to right center ( 404 feet ) , Zobrist and Russell scored . Montero doubled to deep right center . Anderson grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Cubs . Mercer struck out swinging . Harrison flied out to center . McCutchen walked . Polanco walked , McCutchen to second . Freese singled to shallow right , McCutchen scored , Polanco to third . Cervelli lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . Báez grounded out to third . Schwarber singled to right . Bryant doubled to deep right , Schwarber to third . Rizzo intentionally walked . Zobrist doubled to deep right , Schwarber , Bryant and Rizzo scored . Russell singled to right , Zobrist to third . Heyward grounded out to second , Zobrist scored , Russell to second . Montero intentionally walked . Anderson singled to center , Russell scored , Montero to second . Williams pitching for Pirates . Báez grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Cubs . Osuna doubled to left . Bell walked . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Osuna out at third , Bell to second . Mercer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Williams out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Schwarber singled to center . Bryant walked , Schwarber to second . Rizzo fouled out to third . Zobrist grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bryant out at second , Schwarber to third . Russell reached on infield single to shortstop , Zobrist to third . Heyward batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Cubs . Harrison walked . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Harrison out at second . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McCutchen out at second . Freese grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Jaso in right field . Polanco in center field . Osuna in left field . Williams pitching for Pirates . Montero flied out to center . Anderson struck out swinging . Báez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Cubs . Cervelli grounded out to shortstop . Osuna reached on infield single to third . Bell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Osuna out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Hanson at shortstop . Harrison at third base . Gosselin at second base . Williams pitching for Pirates . Schwarber popped out to second . Bryant walked . Rizzo popped out to third . Zobrist lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Cubs . Williams lined out to right . Hanson grounded out to shortstop . Harrison walked . Jaso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Russell singled to center . Heyward lined out to right . Montero singled to right center , Russell to second . Anderson walked , Russell to third , Montero to second . Báez hit sacrifice fly to right , Russell scored . Bastardo pitching for Pirates . Schwarber walked , Montero to third , Anderson to second . Bryant singled to left center , Montero scored , Anderson to third , Schwarber to second . Rizzo fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Almora Jr. in center field . Szczur in left field . Anderson pitching for Cubs . Polanco struck out swinging . Gosselin safe at first on error by first baseman Rizzo . Cervelli grounded out to pitcher , Gosselin to second . Osuna tripled to deep right center , Gosselin scored . Bell singled to center , Osuna scored . Bastardo walked , Bell to second . Hanson grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 7th . Bastardo pitching for Pirates . Zobrist flied out to center . Russell flied out to center . Szczur walked . Montero singled to shallow left , Szczur to second . Jay hit for Anderson . Jay singled to left , Szczur to third , Montero to second . Szczur scored , Montero to third , Jay to second on wild pitch by Bastardo . Báez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Grimm pitching for Cubs . Szczur in right field . Jay in left field . Harrison popped out to shortstop . Jaso singled to right . Polanco flied out to center . Gosselin lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Neverauskas pitching for Pirates . Almora Jr. doubled to deep right . Bryant singled to center , Almora Jr. to third . Rizzo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Almora Jr. scored , Bryant out at second . Grimm struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Grimm pitching for Cubs . Cervelli grounded out to third . Osuna grounded out to pitcher . Bell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Neverauskas pitching for Pirates . Russell flied out to right . Szczur flied out to right . Montero flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Duensing pitching for Cubs . Stewart hit for Neverauskas . Stewart lined out to center . Hanson grounded out to pitcher . Harrison tripled to deep right . Jaso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 14 - Pirates 3 .	Cubs keep rolling , crush Pirates 14 - 3