Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lester pitching for Cubs . Peralta struck out looking . Pollock flied out to left . Rosales struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Zobrist singled to shallow right . Bryant singled to center , Zobrist to third . Rizzo struck out swinging . Contreras walked , Bryant to second . Almora Jr. singled to center , Zobrist and Bryant scored , Contreras to second , Contreras thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Russell doubled to left , Almora Jr. to third . Báez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lester pitching for Cubs . Goldschmidt singled to center . Martinez walked , Goldschmidt to second . Drury struck out swinging . Descalso walked , Goldschmidt to third , Martinez to second . Mathis struck out swinging . Corbin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Happ homered to center ( 389 feet ) . Lester singled to right . Zobrist grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lester safe at third on error by third baseman Drury . Bryant hit sacrifice fly to left , Lester scored . Rizzo homered to left center ( 389 feet ) , Zobrist scored . Contreras grounded out to second . Almora Jr. struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lester pitching for Cubs . Peralta struck out swinging . Pollock doubled to right . Rosales grounded out to third . Goldschmidt singled to shallow center , Pollock scored . Martinez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Russell singled to center . Báez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Russell out at second . Happ singled to right center . Lester homered to center ( 398 feet ) , Happ scored . Zobrist struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Lester pitching for Cubs . Drury popped out to second . Descalso struck out looking . Mathis walked . Reinheimer hit for Corbin . Mathis to second on wild pitch by Lester . Reinheimer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Bryant grounded out to third . Rizzo struck out looking . Contreras singled to center , Contreras to second on error by center fielder Pollock . Almora Jr. grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Lester pitching for Cubs . Peralta hit by pitch . Pollock singled to center , Peralta to second . Rosales doubled to deep left , Peralta scored , Pollock to third . Rondón pitching for Cubs . Goldschmidt flied out to left . Martinez grounded out to third , Pollock scored , Rosales to third . Drury grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Russell lined out to center . Báez grounded out to pitcher . Happ grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Rondon pitching for Cubs . Descalso struck out looking . Mathis lined out to center . McFarland reached on infield single to third . Duensing pitching for Cubs . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McFarland out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Schwarber hit for Duensing . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Schwarber walked . Zobrist singled to right , Schwarber to third . Bryant grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schwarber scored , Zobrist safe at second on error by shortstop Rosales . Rizzo singled to left , Zobrist to third , Bryant to second . Contreras doubled to left center , Zobrist and Bryant scored , Rizzo to third . Almora Jr. grounded out to first , Rizzo scored , Contreras to third . Russell walked . Báez homered to center ( 403 feet ) , Contreras and Russell scored . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Happ popped out to shortstop . Schwarber singled to center . Zobrist walked , Schwarber to second . Bryant grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zobrist out at second . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Happ in right field . Schwarber in left field . Montgomery pitching for Cubs . Pollock lined out to center . Rosales struck out looking . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Herrmann at first base . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Rizzo homered to center ( 403 feet ) . Contreras struck out swinging . Almora Jr. lined out to left . Russell struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Montgomery pitching for Cubs . Martinez struck out swinging . Drury grounded out to third . Descalso grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Iannetta at third base . Blanco in right field . Drury at second base . Descalso pitching for Diamondbacks . Báez flied out to center . Happ flied out to left . Schwarber flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Montgomery pitching for Cubs . Mathis singled to center . Herrmann grounded out to first , Mathis to second . Peralta flied out to left . Pollock safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Russell , Mathis to third . Rosales singled to right center , Mathis scored , Pollock to third . Iannetta walked , Rosales to second . Blanco grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Cubs 16 .	Lester homers as Cubs pound Diamondbacks 16 - 4