Reds - Top 1st . Quintana pitching for Cubs . Ervin struck out looking . Cozart grounded out to third . Votto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Stephenson pitching for Reds . Jay flied out to center . Zobrist lined out to center . La Stella singled to center . Contreras singled to right center , La Stella to third . Schwarber popped out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Quintana pitching for Cubs . Suárez grounded out to third . Winker lined out to left . Peraza struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Stephenson pitching for Reds . Happ reached on infield single to third . Avila walked , Happ to second . Freeman flied out to center , Happ to third . Quintana sacrificed into fielder 's choice to first , Happ scored , Avila to second , Avila to third , Quintana to first on throwing error by first baseman Votto . Jay hit sacrifice fly to center , Avila scored . Zobrist grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Top 3rd . Quintana pitching for Cubs . Schebler struck out swinging . Barnhart struck out swinging . Stephenson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Stephenson pitching for Reds . La Stella grounded out to second . Contreras grounded out to third . Schwarber lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Quintana pitching for Cubs . Ervin flied out to left . Cozart grounded out to shortstop . Votto doubled to deep right . Suárez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Stephenson pitching for Reds . Happ grounded out to second . Avila walked . Freeman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Avila out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Quintana pitching for Cubs . Winker hit ground rule double to deep left . Peraza singled to left , Winker to third . Schebler singled to right , Winker scored , Peraza to second . Barnhart singled to center , Peraza scored , Schebler to second . Stephenson bunted into double play , catcher to third to second , Schebler out at third , Barnhart to second . Ervin singled to left , Barnhart scored , Ervin to second advancing on throw . Peña pitching for Cubs . Cozart walked . Votto singled to shallow right center , Ervin scored , Cozart to second . Suárez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Stephenson pitching for Reds . Peña grounded out to second . Jay reached on bunt single to third , Jay to second on throwing error by third baseman Suárez . Zobrist flied out to right . La Stella flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Top 6th . Pena pitching for Cubs . Winker walked . Peraza grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Winker out at second . Schebler popped out to shortstop . Peraza stole second . Barnhart walked . Gennett hit for Stephenson . Gennett struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Shackelford pitching for Reds . Contreras struck out swinging . Schwarber singled to center . Happ struck out swinging . Avila struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Davis at third base . Rivera catching . Happ in center field . Rondón pitching for Cubs . Ervin struck out swinging . Cozart grounded out to shortstop . Votto lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Garrett pitching for Reds . Freeman struck out swinging . Rondón reached on infield single to catcher . Rivera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rondón out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Duensing pitching for Cubs . Suárez singled to center . Winker grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Suárez out at second . Peraza grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Winker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Garrett pitching for Reds . Zobrist fouled out to second . La Stella singled to center . Lorenzen pitching for Reds . Davis reached on infield single to third , La Stella to second . La Stella to third , Davis to second on wild pitch by Lorenzen . Schwarber struck out swinging . Happ homered to left center ( 389 feet ) , La Stella and Davis scored . Avila walked . Freeman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Avila out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Grimm pitching for Cubs . Schebler flied out to left . Barnhart lined out to right . Duvall hit for Lorenzen . Duvall lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 4 - Cubs 5 .	Happ hits 3 - run homer in 8th , Cubs beat Reds 5 - 4