Rays - Top 1st. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Duffy popped out to shortstop. Kiermaier grounded out to second. Gómez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Archer pitching for Rays. Gardner grounded out to first. Judge struck out swinging. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Cron lined out to center. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Hechavarria fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Archer pitching for Rays. Gregorius doubled to deep right. Sánchez popped out to shortstop. Walker walked. Drury lined out to left. Wade singled to shallow right, Gregorius scored, Walker to second. Austin struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Sucre singled to shallow right. Robertson walked, Sucre to second. Refsnyder grounded into fielder's choice to second, Robertson out at second, Sucre to third. Duffy safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Drury, Sucre scored, Refsnyder to third. Kiermaier flied out to center, Refsnyder out at home. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Archer pitching for Rays. Gardner singled to center. Judge singled to center, Gardner to third. Stanton struck out looking. Gregorius homered to right (346 feet), Gardner and Judge scored. Sánchez flied out to right. Walker singled to shallow left center. Drury grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Walker out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Gómez walked. Cron struck out swinging. Ramos struck out swinging. Hechavarria singled to left center, Gómez to second. Sucre grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hechavarria out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Archer pitching for Rays. Wade struck out swinging. Austin struck out swinging. Gardner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Robertson walked. Refsnyder walked, Robertson to second. Duffy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Refsnyder out at second, Robertson to third. Kiermaier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Archer pitching for Rays. Judge walked. Stanton struck out swinging. Gregorius walked, Judge to second. Sánchez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gregorius out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Holder pitching for Yankees. Gómez struck out looking. Cron doubled to deep right. Ramos singled to left center, Cron to third. Hechavarria singled to right, Cron scored, Ramos to second. Sucre singled to left, Ramos to third, Hechavarria to second. Miller hit for Robertson. Kahnle pitching for Yankees. Miller struck out swinging. Span hit for Refsnyder. Span doubled to deep right, Ramos and Hechavarria scored, Sucre to third. Duffy grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Miller at second base. Span in left field. Pruitt pitching for Rays. Walker struck out swinging. Drury struck out swinging. Wade flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Kahnle pitching for Yankees. Kiermaier struck out swinging. Gómez struck out swinging. Cron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Pruitt pitching for Rays. Austin doubled to left. Gardner sacrificed to third, Austin to third, Gardner safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Duffy. Austin scored on throwing error by third baseman Duffy. Judge singled to center, Gardner to third. Stanton struck out swinging. Gregorius homered to right (380 feet), Gardner and Judge scored. Sánchez flied out to left. Walker struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Top 8th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Hechavarria flied out to center. Sucre fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Pruitt pitching for Rays. Drury flied out to right. Wade walked. Austin walked, Wade to second. Romo pitching for Rays. Gardner reached on infield single to first, Wade to third, Austin to second. Judge walked, Wade scored, Austin to third, Gardner to second. Stanton struck out swinging. Gregorius singled to left center, Austin and Gardner scored, Judge to second. Sánchez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Shreve pitching for Yankees. Miller struck out swinging. Span struck out swinging. Duffy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 4 - Yankees 11.	Gregorius' 2 HRs, 8 RBIs lead Yanks over Rays in home opener