Orioles - Top 1st. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Mancini singled to left. Machado struck out swinging. Schoop flied out to left. Jones singled to center, Mancini to third. Valencia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles. Gardner singled to right center. Judge singled to shallow right, Gardner to third. Stanton struck out looking. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gardner scored, Judge safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Wright Jr.. Austin walked, Judge to third, Walker to second. Andújar singled to left, Judge and Walker scored, Austin to second. Peterson popped out to shortstop. Romine singled to right center, Austin scored, Andújar to third. Torreyes doubled to deep left, Andújar scored, Romine to third. Araujo pitching for Orioles. Gardner struck out looking. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 2nd. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Beckham doubled to deep left. Santander singled to left, Beckham scored, Santander to second advancing on throw. Gentry popped out to first. Joseph grounded out to third, Santander to third. Mancini walked. Machado popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Araujo pitching for Orioles. Judge struck out swinging. Stanton struck out swinging. Walker flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Schoop singled to right. Jones singled to center, Schoop to second. Valencia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second, Schoop to third. Beckham singled to left, Schoop scored. Santander struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Araujo pitching for Orioles. Austin struck out swinging. Andújar popped out to third. Peterson singled to right. Romine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Gentry singled to center. Joseph walked, Gentry to second. Mancini grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Joseph out at second, Gentry to third. Machado lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Castro pitching for Orioles. Torreyes grounded out to shortstop. Gardner grounded out to second. Judge walked. Stanton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Schoop struck out swinging. Jones singled to right. Valencia homered to left center (443 feet), Jones scored. Germán pitching for Yankees. Beckham struck out swinging. Santander flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Castro pitching for Orioles. Walker singled to left. Austin grounded out to third, Walker to second. Andújar flied out to center. Peterson reached on infield single to shortstop, Walker to third. Romine singled to right, Walker scored, Peterson to third. Torreyes grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. German pitching for Yankees. Gentry singled to shallow left. Joseph struck out looking. Gentry stole second. Mancini struck out looking. Machado singled to right, Gentry scored, Machado to second on throwing error by right fielder Stanton. Schoop struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Scott pitching for Orioles. Gardner singled to left. Judge struck out looking. Stanton lined into double play, third to first, Gardner doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. German pitching for Yankees. Jones struck out swinging. Valencia walked. Beckham lined out to third. Santander homered to right (402 feet), Valencia scored. Gentry lined out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Scott pitching for Orioles. Walker popped out to shortstop. Austin singled to center. Andújar walked, Austin to second. Peterson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Andújar out at second, Austin to third. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Romine singled to right, Austin scored, Peterson to third. Gregorius hit for Torreyes. Gregorius flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Gregorius at shortstop. Betances pitching for Yankees. Joseph struck out swinging. Mancini struck out swinging. Machado singled to center. Schoop lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Gardner struck out swinging. Judge reached on infield single to first. Stanton struck out swinging. Judge caught stealing second, pitcher to shortstop. Walker batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Chapman pitching for Yankees. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Valencia struck out swinging. Beckham grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Walker grounded out to second. Austin grounded out to shortstop. Andújar reached on infield single to shortstop. Peterson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 10th. Shreve pitching for Yankees. Santander grounded out to shortstop. Gentry grounded out to third. Joseph lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 10th. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Romine grounded out to second. Gregorius doubled to deep center. Gardner lined out to left. Judge intentionally walked. Stanton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Judge out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 11th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Mancini grounded out to second. Machado grounded out to second. Schoop grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 11th. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Walker flied out to center. Austin doubled to right. Andújar flied out to right. Peterson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 12th. Warren pitching for Yankees. Jones struck out swinging. Álvarez hit for Valencia. Álvarez walked. Beckham struck out swinging. Santander singled to right, Álvarez to second. Gentry singled to left, Álvarez scored, Santander to third. Gentry stole second. Joseph struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 12th. Brach pitching for Orioles. Romine walked. Gregorius walked, Romine to second. Gardner sacrificed to pitcher, Romine to third, Gregorius to second, Gardner safe at first on error by pitcher Brach. Judge grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to third, Romine out at home, Gregorius out at third, Gardner to second, Judge to first. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Orioles 8 - Yankees 7.	Orioles overcome 5-run deficit, stop Yanks 8-7 in 12 innings