Yankees - Top 1st. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Gardner grounded out to second. Judge struck out swinging. Stanton fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Martín fouled out to third. Candelario lined out to left. Cabrera fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Gregorius flied out to center. Sánchez doubled to deep right. Hicks inside-the-park home run to deep right center (408 feet), Sánchez scored. Walker grounded out to first. Andújar grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Castellanos reached on infield single to third. Martínez flied out to center. McCann grounded out to shortstop, Castellanos to second. Jones lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Torreyes singled to center. Gardner flied out to center. Judge grounded out shortstop to second to first. Torreyes to second. Stanton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Torreyes out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Iglesias grounded out to second. Machado grounded out to shortstop. Martín flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Gregorius grounded out to pitcher. Sánchez struck out swinging. Hicks walked. Walker struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Candelario struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to right. Castellanos flied out to right. Martínez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Andújar doubled to left. Torreyes grounded out to shortstop, Andújar to third. Gardner doubled to center, Andújar scored. Judge singled to right center, Gardner scored. Stanton struck out swinging, Judge stole second. Gregorius safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Machado, Judge scored. Sánchez grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. McCann homered to center (437 feet). Jones struck out swinging. Iglesias flied out to center. Machado grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Fiers pitching for Tigers. Hicks homered to right center (417 feet). Walker grounded out to second. Andújar grounded out to pitcher. Torreyes singled to left center. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Gardner singled to center, Torreyes to third. Judge struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Martín fouled out to catcher. Candelario struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Stanton struck out swinging. Gregorius walked. Sánchez struck out swinging. Hicks walked, Gregorius to second. Walker struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Castellanos singled to shallow right center. Martínez doubled to left, Castellanos scored, Martínez to third on throwing error by left fielder Gardner. Robertson pitching for Yankees. McCann hit sacrifice fly to center, Martínez scored. Jones lined out to third. Iglesias doubled to left. Machado reached on infield single to shortstop, Iglesias to third. Martín struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 8th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Andújar tripled to deep center. Torreyes singled to right, Andújar scored. Gardner hit by pitch, Torreyes to second. Judge walked, Torreyes to third, Gardner to second. Stanton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Torreyes out at home, Gardner to third, Judge to second. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Gregorius hit sacrifice fly to left, Gardner scored. Sánchez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Wade at second base. Torreyes at third base. Betances pitching for Yankees. Candelario homered to right center (440 feet). Cabrera singled to right. Castellanos struck out swinging. Martínez doubled to shallow right, Cabrera to third. Reyes ran for Martínez. McCann singled to right, Cabrera scored, Reyes to third. Jones struck out swinging. Iglesias singled to right, Reyes scored, McCann to second. Green pitching for Yankees. Machado struck out looking. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Greene pitching for Tigers. Hicks flied out to center. Walker flied out to center. Wade grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Chapman pitching for Yankees. Goodrum hit for Martín. Goodrum struck out looking. Candelario struck out looking. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 8 - Tigers 6.	Hicks homers twice to lead Yankees over Tigers 8-6