Blue Jays - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Pearce grounded out to third. Hernández flied out to center. Smoak grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Gardner grounded out to second. Judge walked. Gregorius lined out to second. Stanton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Solarte walked. Pillar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Solarte out at second. Díaz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pillar out at second. Grichuk struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Sánchez singled to right. Hicks grounded into fielder's choice to first, Sánchez out at second. Walker doubled to deep right, Hicks to third. Wade grounded out to second, Hicks scored, Walker to third. Torreyes singled to shallow left, Walker scored. Gardner struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Maile singled to shallow left center. Travis singled to center, Maile to second. Pearce grounded out to third, Maile to third, Travis to second. Hernández grounded out to third. Smoak fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Judge struck out swinging. Gregorius flied out to right. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Solarte safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Torreyes. Pillar hit by pitch, Solarte to second. Díaz flied out to center. Grichuk popped out to shortstop. Maile singled to center, Solarte scored, Pillar to third. Travis flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Sánchez flied out to left. Hicks grounded out to second. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Pearce singled to right center. Pearce to second on passed ball by Sánchez. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Green pitching for Yankees. Smoak flied out to center. Solarte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Wade grounded out to second. Torreyes walked. Gardner singled to right, Torreyes to second. Judge grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gardner out at second, Torreyes to third. Gregorius singled to right, Torreyes scored, Judge to second. Stanton reached on infield single to shortstop, Judge to third, Gregorius to second. Sánchez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gregorius out at third, Stanton to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Green pitching for Yankees. Pillar grounded out to pitcher. Díaz flied out to right. Grichuk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Hicks reached on infield single to second. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hicks out at second. Wade flied out to left. Torreyes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Walker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Betances pitching for Yankees. Maile struck out looking. Travis grounded out to shortstop. Pearce grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Clippard pitching for Blue Jays. Gardner lined out to left. Judge homered to left (394 feet). Gregorius flied out to center. Stanton walked. Stanton out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Sánchez batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Hernández singled to left. Smoak walked, Hernández to second. Solarte walked, Hernández to third, Smoak to second. Pillar struck out swinging. Granderson hit for Díaz. Granderson singled to left center, Hernández scored, Smoak to third, Solarte to second. Grichuk struck out swinging. Maile flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Ngoepe at shortstop. Axford pitching for Blue Jays. Sánchez grounded out to first. Hicks walked. Walker struck out swinging. Hicks caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Chapman pitching for Yankees. Travis struck out swinging. Pearce struck out swinging. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 3 - Yankees 4.	Judge homers, Robertson escapes jam to lift Yanks over Jays