Rangers - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Choo struck out swinging. Odor struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Hicks grounded out to second. Stanton homered to left (413 feet). Andújar lined out to right. Gregorius singled to center. Torres struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Beltré safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Andújar. Profar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Beltré out at second. Chirinos grounded out to third, Profar to second. Gallo reached on infield single to pitcher, Profar to third. Kiner-Falefa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gallo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Voit grounded out to pitcher. Walker grounded out to second. Romine reached on infield single to second. Gardner grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. DeShields struck out looking. Choo walked. Odor walked, Choo to second. Andrus flied out to center, Choo to third. Beltré grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Hicks singled to left center. Stanton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hicks out at second. Andújar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Profar walked. Chirinos struck out swinging. Gallo grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Profar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Gregorius grounded out to catcher. Torres flied out to center. Voit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop. DeShields grounded out to shortstop. Choo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Walker grounded out to third. Romine reached on infield single to second. Gardner doubled to right, Romine to third. Hicks singled to center, Romine and Gardner scored. Stanton singled to right, Hicks to third. Andújar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hicks scored, Stanton out at second. Gregorius homered to right (357 feet), Andújar scored. Torres grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Odor struck out looking. Andrus safe at second on error by third baseman Andújar. Beltré struck out swinging. Profar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Voit reached on infield single to shortstop. Walker singled to left, Voit to second. Claudio pitching for Rangers. Romine grounded out to catcher, Voit to third, Walker to second. Gardner singled to left, Voit scored, Walker to third. Hicks flied out to center. Stanton grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Gray pitching for Yankees. Chirinos singled to right. Gallo doubled to right, Chirinos to third. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop, Chirinos scored, Gallo to third. DeShields reached on infield single to shortstop, Gallo scored. Choo grounded out to first, DeShields to second. Odor grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Moore pitching for Rangers. Andújar lined out to shortstop. Gregorius flied out to left. Torres flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Gray pitching for Yankees. Andrus doubled to left. Beltré singled to left. Holder pitching for Yankees. Profar struck out swinging. Chirinos fouled out to first. Gallo walked, Andrus to third, Beltré to second. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Moore pitching for Rangers. Voit struck out swinging. Walker struck out swinging. Romine flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Robinson in right field. Walker at third base. Holder pitching for Yankees. DeShields flied out to right. Choo struck out swinging. Odor walked. Odor to second on fielder's indifference. Andrus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 2 - Yankees 7.	Sabathia, Stanton lead Yankees over Rangers 7-2