Royals - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Aoki grounded out to shortstop. Infante grounded out to second. Hosmer singled to deep right. Butler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Royals. Bourn singled to right center. Swisher walked, Bourn to second. Bourn caught stealing third, catcher to shortstop to third. Kipnis struck out swinging. Santana walked, Swisher to second. Raburn fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Perez homered to center (407 feet). Moustakas homered to right (349 feet). Escobar struck out swinging. Dyson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Royals. Brantley grounded out to first. Cabrera singled to left. Gomes singled to center, Cabrera to second. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gomes out at second, Cabrera to third. Bourn tripled to deep right center, Cabrera and Aviles scored. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Aoki struck out looking. Infante walked. Hosmer grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Infante out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Vargas pitching for Royals. Kipnis flied out to left. Santana lined out to center. Raburn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Butler grounded out to pitcher. Gordon grounded out to first. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Royals. Brantley grounded out to second. Cabrera hit by pitch. Gomes flied out to right. Cabrera stole second. Aviles popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Moustakas struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to third. Dyson reached on bunt single to pitcher. Aoki singled to left, Dyson to second. Infante flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Royals. Bourn struck out swinging. Swisher grounded out to pitcher. Kipnis singled to left. Santana flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Hosmer singled to center. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hosmer safe at second on error by second baseman Kipnis. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Butler out at second, Hosmer to third. Perez struck out swinging. Moustakas singled to right, Hosmer scored, Gordon to third. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moustakas out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 6th. Vargas pitching for Royals. Raburn fouled out to first. Brantley singled to right. Cabrera flied out to center. Brantley stole second, Brantley safe at third on throwing error by catcher Perez, Brantley scored on error by center fielder Dyson. Gomes grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Dyson reached on infield single to second. Aoki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dyson out at second. Infante walked, Aoki to second. Rzepczynski pitching for Indians. Hosmer struck out swinging. Shaw pitching for Indians. Butler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Aviles grounded out to first. Bourn singled to center. Bourn caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Swisher singled to right center. Kipnis doubled to deep right center, Swisher scored. Santana grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Shaw pitching for Indians. Gordon reached on infield single to third. Perez struck out swinging. Allen pitching for Indians. Moustakas struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Davis pitching for Royals. Murphy hit for Raburn. Murphy walked. Brantley walked, Murphy to second. Cabrera reached on bunt single to third, Murphy to third, Brantley to second. Gomes struck out swinging. Chisenhall hit for Aviles. Chisenhall singled to shallow left, Murphy scored, Brantley to third, Cabrera to second. Bourn struck out swinging. Swisher struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Murphy in right field. Chisenhall at third base. Axford pitching for Indians. Dyson singled to left. Aoki grounded out to second, Dyson to second. Infante grounded out to third. Hosmer popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 3 - Indians 5.	Indians trip Royals 5-3