Royals - Top 1st. Cashner pitching for Padres. Aoki singled to right center. Escobar safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera, Aoki to second. Aoki stole third, Escobar stole second. Hosmer singled to right center, Aoki and Escobar scored. Perez grounded out to pitcher, Hosmer to second. Gordon safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera, Hosmer to third. Valencia singled to left, Hosmer scored, Gordon to second. Moustakas struck out swinging. Dyson walked, Gordon to third, Valencia to second. Shields grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Shields pitching for Royals. Venable grounded out to catcher. Cabrera lined out to right. Gyorko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Cashner pitching for Padres. Aoki struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to left. Hosmer walked. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Shields pitching for Royals. Smith reached on infield single to shortstop. Maybin singled to right, Smith to second. Alonso struck out swinging. Rivera struck out swinging. Amarista reached on infield single to first, Maybin out at third, Smith to third. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Cashner pitching for Padres. Gordon doubled to right. Valencia grounded out to catcher, Gordon to third. Moustakas hit sacrifice fly to center, Gordon scored. Dyson singled to center. Shields grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Shields pitching for Royals. Cashner grounded out to third. Venable hit by pitch. Cabrera struck out looking. Gyorko grounded into fielder's choice to third, Venable out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Aoki singled to center. Escobar flied out to right. Hosmer struck out swinging. Perez singled to left, Aoki to third. Gordon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Shields pitching for Royals. Smith walked. Maybin lined out to center. Alonso grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Smith out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Roach pitching for Padres. Blanks at first base. Valencia singled to left. Moustakas grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Valencia out at second. Dyson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Shields pitching for Royals. Rivera singled to center. Amarista grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rivera out at second. Blanks singled to left center, Amarista to second. Venable grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blanks out at second, Amarista to third. Cabrera lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Roach pitching for Padres. Shields lined out to left. Aoki singled to left. Escobar grounded out to pitcher, Aoki to second. Hosmer singled to left, Aoki scored. Perez singled to left, Hosmer out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Shields pitching for Royals. Gyorko flied out to right. Smith walked. Maybin reached on infield single to third, Smith to second. Grandal hit for Roach. Grandal grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Maybin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Ambriz pitching for Padres. Gordon walked. Valencia grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gordon out at second. Moustakas lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Shields pitching for Royals. Rivera fouled out to first. Amarista singled to right. Blanks flied out to right. Venable grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Ambriz pitching for Padres. Dyson walked. Butler hit for Shields. Butler struck out swinging. Aoki popped out to shortstop. Escobar singled to left, Dyson to third. Dyson scored, Escobar to second on passed ball by Rivera. Hosmer singled to right, Escobar scored. Perez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Crow pitching for Royals. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Gyorko grounded out to shortstop. Smith lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Torres pitching for Padres. Gordon popped out to shortstop. Valencia doubled to deep left. Valencia to third on wild pitch by Torres. Moustakas walked. Dyson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Valencia scored, Moustakas to second. Maxwell hit for Crow. Maxwell struck out swinging. Aoki grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 9th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. Hundley hit for Torres. Hundley flied out to left. Rivera singled to center. Amarista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 8 - Padres 0.	Shields pitches Royals past Padres 8-0