Royals - Top 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Aoki flied out to left. Infante flied out to center. Gordon fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Kinsler flied out to left. Hunter flied out to right. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Perez struck out swinging. Hosmer struck out swinging. Butler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Martinez singled to center. Martinez struck out swinging. Kelly fouled out to third. Castellanos singled to center, Martinez to second. Avila walked, Martinez to third, Castellanos to second. Romine safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Hosmer, Martinez scored, Castellanos to third, Avila to second. Castellanos scored, Avila to third, Romine to second on throwing error by first baseman Hosmer. Kinsler flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Moustakas reached on infield single to shortstop. Cain singled to left, Moustakas to second. Escobar sacrificed to third, Moustakas to third, Cain to second. Aoki singled to center, Moustakas and Cain scored. Infante grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Aoki out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop. Cabrera singled to deep left, Hunter to third. Martinez reached on infield single to second, Hunter scored, Cabrera to second. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second, Cabrera to third. Kelly doubled to right, Cabrera scored, Martinez to third. Castellanos doubled to left, Martinez and Kelly scored. Avila doubled to right, Castellanos scored. Romine singled to left, Avila to third. Kinsler fouled out to catcher. Hunter singled to right, Avila scored, Romine to second. Coleman pitching for Royals. Cabrera flied out to left. 6 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Gordon struck out swinging. Perez flied out to right. Hosmer singled to right. Butler popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Martinez grounded out to third. Martinez reached on infield single to third. Kelly walked, Martinez to second. Castellanos struck out looking. Avila walked, Martinez to third, Kelly to second. Romine grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Moustakas flied out to center. Cain struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Hunter flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Aoki flied out to left. Infante grounded out to shortstop. Gordon walked. Perez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Martinez singled to shallow left center. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martinez out at second. Downs pitching for Royals. Kelly grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martinez out at second. Kelly picked off first. Castellanos batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Hosmer tripled to deep right. Butler grounded out to shortstop, Hosmer scored. Moustakas flied out to center. Cain inside-the-park home run to deep right (361 feet). Escobar flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Downs pitching for Royals. Castellanos grounded out to second. Avila flied out to left. Romine singled to left. Frasor pitching for Royals. Romine stole second. Kinsler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Chamberlain pitching for Tigers. Aoki lined out to shortstop. Infante reached on infield single to third. Gordon walked, Infante to second. Perez struck out looking. Hosmer singled to center, Infante scored, Gordon to third. Butler grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Royals. Hunter doubled to deep left. Hunter to third on wild pitch by Frasor. Cabrera singled to left, Hunter scored. Martinez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Cabrera out at second. Martinez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Collins in right field. Davis in left field. Kelly at third base. Carrera in center field. Nathan pitching for Tigers. Moustakas flied out to center. Cain lined out to third. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 5 - Tigers 9.	Hunter-led Tigers pop Royals to pull within 1