White Sox - Top 1st. Hendriks pitching for Royals. Eaton doubled to left center. Ramirez singled to left, Eaton to third. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eaton scored, Ramirez out at second. Gillaspie grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Abreu out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Bassitt pitching for White Sox. Escobar flied out to right. Aoki grounded out to shortstop. Cain flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Hendriks pitching for Royals. Garcia grounded out to shortstop. Wilkins struck out looking. Viciedo singled to right center. Sanchez singled to center, Viciedo tagged out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Bassitt pitching for White Sox. Gordon struck out looking. Perez walked. Hosmer singled to left, Perez to second. Infante walked, Perez to third, Hosmer to second. Moustakas singled to right, Perez scored, Hosmer thrown out at home, Infante to second. Dyson popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Hendriks pitching for Royals. Phegley struck out swinging. Eaton tripled to deep right. Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to right, Eaton scored. Abreu safe at first on error by third baseman Moustakas. Gillaspie struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Bassitt pitching for White Sox. Escobar walked. Aoki singled to right, Escobar to third. Cain walked, Aoki to second. Gordon singled to right center, Escobar and Aoki scored, Cain to second. Perez fouled out to catcher. Hosmer lined out to center, Cain to third. Infante struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Hendriks pitching for Royals. Garcia singled to center. Wilkins walked, Garcia to second. Viciedo singled to left, Garcia to third, Wilkins to second. Frasor pitching for Royals. Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to center, Garcia scored, Wilkins to third. Phegley hit sacrifice fly to center, Wilkins scored. Downs pitching for Royals. Viciedo caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Eaton batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Bassitt pitching for White Sox. Moustakas grounded out to shortstop. Dyson bunt grounded out to pitcher. Escobar singled to left center. Aoki singled to left center, Escobar to third. Webb pitching for White Sox. Aoki stole second. Cain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Downs pitching for Royals. Eaton grounded out to second. Coleman pitching for Royals. Ramirez lined out to shortstop. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for White Sox. Gordon walked. Gordon stole second. Perez struck out swinging. Gordon to third on wild pitch by Webb. Hosmer walked. Infante hit sacrifice fly to left, Gordon scored. Moustakas grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Finnegan pitching for Royals. Gillaspie popped out to third. Garcia reached on infield single to first. Wilkins struck out looking. Herrera pitching for Royals. Viciedo walked, Garcia to second. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Viciedo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Lindstrom pitching for White Sox. Dyson grounded out to second. Escobar singled to right. Escobar stole second. Aoki singled to center, Escobar scored. Cain grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aoki out at second. Surkamp pitching for White Sox. Gordon struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Phegley singled to left. Eaton singled to center, Phegley to second. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eaton out at second, Phegley to third. Davis pitching for Royals. Abreu walked, Ramirez to second. Gillaspie tripled to deep right center, Phegley, Ramirez and Abreu scored. Garcia grounded out to shortstop. Wilkins struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Surkamp pitching for White Sox. Perez struck out swinging. Hosmer lined out to center. Infante walked. Willingham hit for Moustakas. Belisario pitching for White Sox. Willingham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Nix at third base. Coleman pitching for Royals. Viciedo grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez flied out to right. Phegley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Jor Danks in left field. Belisario pitching for White Sox. Dyson grounded out to second. Escobar grounded out to third. Aoki singled to center. Cain grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aoki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Eaton singled to right. Ramirez struck out swinging. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Eaton out at second. Bueno pitching for Royals. Gillaspie singled to center, Abreu to second. Garcia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Perez grounded out to second. Hosmer grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Royals 5.	Rare flop for Royals bullpen in 7-5 loss to WSox