Royals - Top 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Gordon struck out looking. Cain singled to right. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Royals. Blanco walked. Blanco to second on wild pitch by Vargas. Panik popped out to third. Blanco stole third. Posey walked. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blanco scored, Posey out at second. Sandoval struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Moustakas grounded out to second. Infante popped out to catcher. Perez singled to shallow left. Dyson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Perez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Royals. Belt flied out to center. Perez flied out to center. Crawford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Vargas flied out to center. Escobar singled to center. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Escobar out at second. Gordon stole second. Cain reached on infield single to shortstop, Gordon to third. Hosmer reached on infield single to first, Gordon scored, Cain to second. Moustakas walked, Cain to third, Hosmer to second. Infante singled to center, Cain and Hosmer scored, Moustakas to second. Perez singled to center, Moustakas scored, Infante to second. Machi pitching for Giants. Dyson walked, Infante to third, Perez to second. Vargas struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Duffy hit for Machi. Vargas pitching for Royals. Duffy singled to left. Blanco grounded out to second, Duffy to second. Panik flied out to left. Posey singled to left, Duffy scored. Pence singled to left, Posey to second. Sandoval struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Petit pitching for Giants. Escobar popped out to shortstop. Gordon flied out to center. Cain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Royals. Belt struck out swinging. Perez singled to left. Crawford flied out to right. Petit singled to shallow center, Perez to second. Blanco popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Petit pitching for Giants. Hosmer doubled to deep right. Moustakas popped out to shortstop. Infante struck out swinging. Perez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Royals. Panik doubled to right center. Frasor pitching for Royals. Posey grounded out to shortstop, Panik to third. Pence singled to center, Panik scored. Duffy pitching for Royals. Sandoval singled to left center, Pence to third. Belt walked, Sandoval to second. Perez hit sacrifice fly to center, Pence scored. Crawford struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Petit pitching for Giants. Dyson singled to right. Aoki hit for Duffy. Aoki grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Dyson out at second. Escobar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Finnegan pitching for Royals. Arias hit for Petit. Arias singled to right. Blanco singled to left, Arias to second. Panik sacrificed to third, Arias to third, Blanco to second. Posey intentionally walked. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arias out at home, Blanco to third, Posey to second. Sandoval singled to center, Blanco and Posey scored, Pence to second. Belt singled to center, Pence scored, Sandoval to second. Perez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Gordon flied out to left. Cain lined out to third. Hosmer reached on infield single to pitcher. Moustakas grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Finnegan pitching for Royals. Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop. Morse hit for Affeldt. Morse walked, Crawford to second. Collins pitching for Royals. Nix at third base. Blanco reached on bunt single to pitcher, Crawford to third, Morse to second, Crawford scored, Morse to third on throwing error by pitcher Collins. Panik doubled to deep left center, Morse and Blanco scored. Posey grounded out to first, Panik to third. Pence doubled to left, Panik scored. Sandoval popped out to third. Belt walked. Perez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 8th. Romo pitching for Giants. Infante flied out to center. Perez singled to left. Dyson grounded out to second, Perez to second. Nix struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Collins pitching for Royals. Crawford struck out swinging. Ishikawa hit for Romo. Ishikawa lined out to second. Blanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Strickland pitching for Giants. Escobar struck out swinging. Gordon doubled to right. Cain flied out to right. Hosmer grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - Giants 11.	Down 3, Giants rally to even Series