Expos - Top 1st . Ishii pitching for Dodgers . Chavez singled to left center . Cabrera flied out to right . Vidro grounded out to pitcher , Chavez to second . Batista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Day pitching for Expos . Roberts fouled out to third . Izturis tripled to right . Beltre grounded out to shortstop , Izturis scored . Green homered to right . Lo Duca flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 2nd . Ishii pitching for Dodgers . Wilkerson grounded out to second . Rivera popped out to shortstop . Pascucci struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Day pitching for Expos . Encarnacion flied out to center . Grabowski lined out to right . Cora singled to left . Ishii grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 3rd . Ishii pitching for Dodgers . Diaz doubled to deep center . Day sacrificed to pitcher , Diaz to third . Chavez hit by pitch . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Day pitching for Expos . Roberts bunt grounded out to first . Izturis grounded out to first . Beltre grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 4th . Ishii pitching for Dodgers . Vidro flied out to right . Batista singled to right center . Batista stole second . Wilkerson singled to right , Batista scored , Wilkerson to second advancing on throw . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Pascucci singled to shallow left , Wilkerson scored . Diaz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pascucci out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Day pitching for Expos . Green grounded out to third . Lo Duca homered to center . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Grabowski grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 5th . Ishii pitching for Dodgers . Day fouled out to third . Chavez flied out to center . Cabrera singled to left . Vidro walked , Cabrera to second . Batista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Day pitching for Expos . Cora flied out to center . Ishii singled to right center . Roberts grounded into double play , second to first , Ishii out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 6th . Ishii pitching for Dodgers . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Rivera walked . Pascucci grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rivera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Day pitching for Expos . Izturis grounded out to second . Beltre singled to center . Green doubled to right , Beltre to third . Lo Duca popped out to shortstop . Encarnacion singled to left , Beltre and Green scored , Encarnacion to second advancing on throw . Bentz pitching for Expos . Sledge in right field . Grabowski singled to left , Encarnacion scored , Grabowski to second advancing on throw . Saenz hit for Ishii . Cora singled to right , Grabowski scored . Dreifort pitching for Dodgers . Saenz flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 7th . Dreifort pitching for Dodgers . Diaz tripled to center . Sledge fouled out to third . Chavez grounded out to shortstop , Diaz scored . Tucker pitching for Expos . Cabrera grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Tucker pitching for Expos . Roberts reached on bunt single to second . Roberts stole second . Roberts to third on balk by Tucker . Izturis singled to right , Roberts scored . Beltre grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Izturis out at second . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Green grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 8th . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Vidro flied out to left . Batista grounded out to second . Biddle pitching for Expos . Wilkerson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Biddle pitching for Expos . Lo Duca singled to left . Encarnacion walked , Lo Duca to second . Grabowski flied out to left . Cora hit by pitch , Lo Duca to third , Encarnacion to second . Sanchez hit ground rule double to deep left , Lo Duca and Encarnacion scored , Cora to third . Roberts tripled to deep left center , Cora and Sanchez scored . Izturis hit sacrifice fly to right , Roberts scored . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 9th . Calloway hit for Biddle . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Rivera safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Beltre . Rivera to third on wild pitch by Sanchez . Calloway hit sacrifice fly to left , Rivera scored . Diaz grounded out to third . Sledge singled to right . Chavez batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Expos 4 - Dodgers 13 .	Dodgers hand Expos their fifth straight loss