White Sox - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Expos . Perez popped out to shortstop . Uribe singled to left . Lee homered to left , Uribe scored . Valentin doubled to deep left center . Valentin stole third . Konerko walked . Rowand grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Valentin scored , Konerko out at second . Rowand stole second . Crede struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Wilkerson singled to center . Cabrera singled to left , Wilkerson to second . Vidro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wilkerson to third , Cabrera to second . Everett doubled to left , Wilkerson and Cabrera scored , Vidro to third . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vidro scored , Everett out at third . Johnson doubled to deep left , Rivera scored , Johnson to third advancing on throw . Batista hit sacrifice fly to center , Johnson scored . Tucker pitching for Expos . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Tucker pitching for Expos . Burke doubled to deep right . Buehrle sacrificed to pitcher , Burke to third . Perez singled to center , Burke scored . Uribe singled to center , Perez to third . Lee doubled to deep left , Perez scored , Uribe to third . Valentin fouled out to shortstop . Konerko struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Tucker flied out to right . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right . Cabrera picked off first . Vidro batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Tucker pitching for Expos . Rowand singled to center . Crede flied out to center , Rowand to second . Burke grounded out to shortstop . Buehrle grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Vidro singled to center . Everett hit by pitch , Vidro to second . Rivera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Everett out at second , Vidro to third . Johnson walked . Batista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Tucker pitching for Expos . Perez popped out to shortstop . Uribe struck out swinging . Lee singled to center . Valentin tripled to right , Lee scored . Konerko struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Tucker singled to center . Wilkerson homered to right , Tucker scored . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Bentz pitching for Expos . Vidro flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Bentz pitching for Expos . Rowand grounded out to second . Crede doubled to deep left center . Burke singled to right , Crede scored . Buehrle struck out swinging . Perez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Everett struck out swinging . Rivera grounded out to third . Johnson singled to center . Biddle pitching for Expos . Carroll at third base . Batista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Biddle pitching for Expos . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . Lee struck out swinging . Valentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Diaz grounded out to third . Carroll struck out swinging . Wilkerson singled to left . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilkerson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Biddle pitching for Expos . Konerko flied out to center . Rowand doubled to right . Crede walked . Thomas hit for Buehrle . Burke grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Crede out at second , Rowand to third . Horgan pitching for Expos . Thomas intentionally walked , Burke to second . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Perez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 7th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Vidro struck out swinging . Everett grounded out to shortstop . Ayala pitching for Expos . Sledge in right field . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Ayala pitching for Expos . Uribe safe at second on error by left fielder Everett . Lee singled to center , Uribe scored , Lee to second advancing on throw . Valentin tripled to deep center , Lee scored . Konerko grounded out to third , Valentin scored . Rowand grounded out to second . Crede doubled to deep center . Burke singled to center , Crede scored . Cotts doubled to left , Burke tagged out at home . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Expos - Bottom 8th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Schneider hit for Diaz . Sledge singled to left . Schneider lined out to center . Marte pitching for White Sox . Carroll singled to center , Sledge to second , Sledge to third on error by center fielder Rowand . Schneider catching . Wilkerson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 9th . Ayala pitching for Expos . Perez walked . Uribe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Perez out at second . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 9th . Marte pitching for White Sox . Cabrera popped out to second . Vidro struck out swinging . Fox hit for Ayala . Everett walked . Fox grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 11 - Expos 7 .	White Sox extend Expos ' losing streak to 7