White Sox - Top 1st . Armas pitching for Expos . Perez lined out to third . Uribe struck out swinging . Lee grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 1st . Munoz pitching for White Sox . Wilkerson flied out to center . Carroll doubled to left . Vidro lined out to first . Carroll stole third . Everett doubled to left , Carroll scored . Johnson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Armas pitching for Expos . Valentin walked . Konerko popped out to second . Valentin caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rowand walked . Crede doubled to center , Rowand scored . Alomar Jr intentionally walked . Munoz grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 2nd . Munoz pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to center . Rivera homered to left center , Cabrera scored . Schneider hit by pitch . Armas Jr sacrificed to pitcher , Schneider to second . Wilkerson singled to right , Schneider to third . Wilkerson caught stealing second , catcher to second to first to shortstop . Carroll walked . Carroll to second on wild pitch by Munoz . Vidro doubled to deep center , Schneider and Carroll scored . Everett intentionally walked . Johnson singled to center , Vidro scored , Everett to third . Johnson to second on wild pitch by Munoz . Cabrera walked . Rivera homered to center , Everett , Johnson and Cabrera scored . Schneider grounded out to second . 9 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Armas pitching for Expos . Perez walked . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Perez out at second . Lee flied out to center . Valentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 3rd . Munoz pitching for White Sox . Armas Jr struck out swinging . Wilkerson singled to center . Carroll tripled to deep right center , Wilkerson scored . Vidro grounded out to pitcher . Everett popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Armas pitching for Expos . Konerko homered to left . Rowand doubled to right . Crede grounded out to shortstop . Thomas hit for Munoz . Alomar Jr singled to center , Rowand scored . Thomas flied out to center . Perez singled to right center , Alomar Jr to third . Uribe inside - the - park home run to deep left , Alomar Jr and Perez scored . Politte pitching for White Sox . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 4th . Politte pitching for White Sox . Johnson homered to right . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Rivera struck out looking . Fox hit for Armas Jr. Schneider walked . Kim pitching for Expos . Fox struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Kim pitching for Expos . Valentin walked . Konerko grounded into double play , third to second to first , Valentin out at second . Rowand hit by pitch . Crede grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rowand out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 5th . Politte pitching for White Sox . Wilkerson doubled to right center . Carroll grounded out to second , Wilkerson to third . Vidro singled to center , Wilkerson scored . Everett doubled to deep right center , Vidro scored . Johnson struck out looking . Cabrera struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Harris hit for Politte . Kim pitching for Expos . Alomar Jr singled to center . Harris singled to right , Alomar Jr to second . Perez walked , Alomar Jr to third , Harris to second . Uribe doubled to deep left center , Alomar Jr , Harris and Perez scored . Biddle pitching for Expos . Lee lined out to shortstop . Valentin grounded out to second , Uribe to third . Uribe at shortstop . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Harris at second base . Konerko flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 6th . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Schneider singled to center . Biddle sacrificed to first , Schneider to second . Wilkerson intentionally walked . Carroll hit by pitch , Schneider to third , Wilkerson to second . Vidro walked , Schneider scored , Wilkerson to third , Carroll to second . Wilkerson in left field . Chavez in center field . Everett grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Biddle pitching for Expos . Rowand grounded out to shortstop . Crede hit by pitch . Alomar Jr walked , Crede to second . Harris reached on infield single to second , Crede to third , Alomar Jr to second . Fikac pitching for Expos . Perez singled to center , Crede scored , Alomar Jr to third , Harris to second . Uribe singled to center , Alomar Jr scored , Harris to third , Perez to second . Gload hit for Jackson . Lee popped out to first . Gload singled to center , Harris and Perez scored , Uribe to third . Gload at first base . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Konerko popped out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 7th . Dransfeldt at third base . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Johnson struck out looking . Cabrera popped out to second . Cordero pitching for Expos . Sledge in right field . Rivera fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Cordero pitching for Expos . Rowand doubled to left . Dransfeldt singled to right , Rowand to third . Olivo ran for Alomar Jr. Alomar Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rowand scored , Dransfeldt safe at second on error by shortstop Cabrera . Harris fouled out to third . Perez struck out looking . Olivo catching . Uribe struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Expos - Bottom 8th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Schneider singled to right . Sledge homered to right , Schneider scored . Wilkerson grounded out to second . Carroll reached on infield single to first . Takatsu pitching for White Sox . Burke at third base . Dransfeldt at shortstop . Vidro flied out to center . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Expos . Lee flied out to right . Gload grounded out to first . Burke struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 14 - Expos 17 .	Rivera 's 2 HR in an inning highlight Expos ' win