White Sox - Top 1st. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Podsednik flied out to center. Uribe homered to left center. Everett singled to shallow left center. Konerko struck out swinging. Everett caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Rowand batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Johnson singled to center. Menechino singled to center, Johnson to second. Koskie lined into double play, to shortstop, Johnson doubled off second. Hillenbrand popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Rowand singled to right. Dye homered to left, Rowand scored. Pierzynski popped out to shortstop. Crede singled to left. Lopez flied out to right. Crede caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Podsednik batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Wells flied out to center. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Zaun struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Podsednik struck out swinging. Uribe lined out to left. Everett singled to center. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Everett out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. McDonald reached on infield single to shortstop. Adams grounded into double play, shortstop to first, McDonald out at second. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Rowand singled to center. Dye struck out swinging. Pierzynski singled to right, Rowand to third. Crede hit sacrifice fly to right, Rowand scored, Pierzynski to second. Lopez singled to center, Pierzynski scored. Podsednik grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Menechino struck out looking. Koskie singled to left. Hillenbrand singled to right center, Koskie to second. Wells walked, Koskie to third, Hillenbrand to second. Rios safe at first on error by shortstop Uribe, Koskie scored, Hillenbrand to third, Wells to second. Zaun singled to right, Hillenbrand scored, Wells to third, Rios to second. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wells scored, Zaun out at second, Rios to third, Rios scored on throwing error by shortstop Uribe. Adams grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Uribe popped out to second. Everett flied out to left. Konerko walked. Rowand struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Johnson doubled to left. Menechino walked. Koskie grounded into fielder's choice to first, Menechino out at second, Johnson to third. Hillenbrand grounded into double play, third to second to first, Koskie out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Dye popped out to first. Pierzynski hit by pitch. Crede flied out to right. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Wells singled to center. Rios lined into double play, second to first, Wells doubled off first. Zaun flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Podsednik walked. Uribe singled to left, Podsednik to second. Everett grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Uribe out at second, Podsednik to third. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. McDonald flied out to center. Adams grounded out to second. Johnson lined out to left. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Menechino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Rowand struck out looking. Dye flied out to right. Pierzynski struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Hermanson pitching for White Sox. Koskie struck out looking. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. Wells popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Crede hit by pitch. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Lopez sacrificed to pitcher, Crede to second. Podsednik popped out to second. Uribe popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Marte pitching for White Sox. Rios struck out swinging. Zaun walked. Hudson hit for Adams. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to third, Zaun out at second. Hudson doubled to left, McDonald to third. Johnson lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 5 - Blue Jays 4.	Buehrle pitches White Sox to 8th straight win