Indians - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for White Sox. Sizemore singled to right. Blake flied out to left. Hafner flied out to right. Martinez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Podsednik singled to left. Podsednik stole second. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop, Podsednik to third. Rowand singled to left center, Podsednik scored. Konerko singled to left, Rowand to second. Everett singled to right, Rowand scored, Konerko to third. Dye singled to center, Konerko scored, Everett to second. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to first, Dye out at second, Everett to third. Uribe singled to right, Everett scored, Pierzynski to third. Crede grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for White Sox. Broussard hit by pitch. Crisp singled to center, Broussard to second. Belliard lined into double play, third to first, Crisp doubled off first. Cora hit by pitch. Boone struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. Iguchi grounded out to third. Rowand grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for White Sox. Sizemore struck out swinging. Blake hit ground rule double to deep right. Hafner hit by pitch. Martinez walked, Blake to third, Hafner to second. Broussard grounded out to shortstop, Blake scored, Hafner to third, Martinez to second. Crisp homered to right, Hafner and Martinez scored. Belliard grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Konerko struck out swinging. Everett grounded out to second. Dye doubled to right. Pierzynski flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for White Sox. Cora singled to center. Boone grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cora out at second. Sizemore struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Uribe lined out to right. Crede grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for White Sox. Blake fouled out to first. Hafner hit by pitch. Martinez flied out to left. Broussard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Iguchi grounded out to third. Rowand singled to right. Konerko singled to deep left, Rowand to third. Everett hit sacrifice fly to right, Rowand scored. Konerko to second on wild pitch by Westbrook. Dye singled to center, Konerko scored. Dye stole second. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for White Sox. Crisp flied out to center. Belliard grounded out to third. Cora singled to center. Boone flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. Crede grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik reached on infield single to second. Podsednik caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Iguchi batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Sizemore struck out swinging. Blake struck out swinging. Hafner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Iguchi lined out to second. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. Konerko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Martinez walked. Broussard grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. Riske pitching for Indians. Crisp grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Riske pitching for Indians. Everett flied out to right. Dye grounded out to third. Hermanson pitching for White Sox. Pierzynski grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Hermanson pitching for White Sox. Belliard grounded out to third. Gerut hit for Boone. Cora fouled out to third. Gerut singled to shallow center. Gerut to second on fielder's indifference. Sizemore flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 4 - White Sox 6.	Wild El Duque returns in White Sox's win over Indians