White Sox - Top 1st. Zito pitching for Athletics. Ozuna struck out swinging. Iguchi popped out to second. Thomas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Kendall grounded out to third. Kotsay singled to left. Crosby grounded out to catcher, Kotsay to second. Chavez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Everett fouled out to first. Dye walked. Dye caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Rowand batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Kielty flied out to right. Byrnes singled to right center. Swisher flied out to right. Ginter popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Rowand fouled out to third. Widger doubled to center. Crede popped out to second. Ozuna flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Ellis struck out looking. Kendall singled to right. Kotsay grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Iguchi grounded out to second. Thomas homered to left. Konerko grounded out to third. Everett lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Crosby grounded out to third. Chavez doubled to right. Kielty popped out to second. Byrnes walked. Swisher flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Dye homered to left center. Rowand struck out swinging. Widger flied out to right. Crede grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Ginter singled to center. Ellis lined into double play, second to first, Ginter doubled off first. Kendall walked. Kotsay singled to shallow center, Kendall to third. Crosby struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Ozuna reached on bunt single to pitcher. Ozuna stole second. Iguchi sacrificed to first, Ozuna to third. Thomas struck out looking. Konerko grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Chavez reached on infield single to shortstop. Kielty reached on infield single to second, Chavez to second. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Chavez scored on throwing error by pitcher Buehrle, Kielty safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Buehrle. Swisher grounded out to third. Ginter reached on infield single to pitcher, Kielty scored, Byrnes to third. Ellis fouled out to first. Kendall singled to right, Byrnes scored, Ginter to second. Kotsay doubled to right, Ginter scored, Kendall to third. Crosby popped out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Everett lined out to second. Dye fouled out to catcher. Rowand struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Chavez singled to right. Kielty struck out looking. Byrnes singled to left, Chavez to second. Vizcaino pitching for White Sox. Hatteberg hit for Ginter. Swisher singled to left, Chavez scored, Byrnes to second. Hatteberg grounded out to first, Byrnes to third, Swisher to second. Ellis singled to center, Byrnes and Swisher scored. Kendall flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Widger grounded out to pitcher. Crede doubled to left. Ozuna reached on infield single to first, Crede to third. Iguchi struck out swinging. Walker pitching for White Sox. Thomas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Walker pitching for White Sox. Kotsay singled to center. Crosby grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kotsay out at second. Calero pitching for Athletics. Chavez fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Calero pitching for Athletics. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Everett popped out to second. Dye grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Athletics 7.	Zito, A's send Buehrle to first loss in nearly three months