White Sox - Top 1st. Mays pitching for Twins. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Iguchi walked. Everett homered to right, Iguchi scored. Konerko singled to right center. Pierzynski singled to center, Konerko to second. Dye flied out to right. Rowand flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Punto struck out swinging. Abernathy grounded out to second. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Mays pitching for Twins. Crede flied out to center. Uribe grounded out to second. Perez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. LeCroy struck out swinging. Ford grounded out to shortstop. Cuddyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Mays pitching for Twins. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop. Everett flied out to left. Konerko reached on infield single to third. Pierzynski grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Tiffee singled to right. Redmond grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tiffee out at second. Bartlett grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Mays pitching for Twins. Dye grounded out to shortstop. Rowand hit by pitch. Crede grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rowand out at second. Uribe lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Punto fouled out to first. Abernathy struck out swinging. Mauer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Mays pitching for Twins. Perez reached on bunt single to first. Iguchi doubled to left, Perez to third. Everett singled to center, Perez and Iguchi scored. Konerko flied out to center. Pierzynski doubled to deep center, Everett thrown out at home, Pierzynski to third advancing on throw. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Dye doubled to deep right center, Pierzynski scored. Rowand grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. LeCroy struck out swinging. Ford singled to right center. Cuddyer grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ford out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Crede struck out swinging. Uribe doubled to center. Perez singled to center, Uribe to third. Iguchi hit sacrifice fly to left, Uribe scored. Everett singled to left, Perez to second. Konerko lined out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Tiffee grounded out to third. Redmond singled to right. Bartlett doubled to deep right center, Redmond to third. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Punto flied out to right, Redmond thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Pierzynski singled to center. Dye grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierzynski out at second, Dye to second on throwing error by second baseman Punto. Rowand grounded out to shortstop, Dye to third. Crede grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Abernathy popped out to shortstop. Mauer grounded out to third. LeCroy homered to center. Ford grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Uribe grounded out to second. Perez walked. Iguchi grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Perez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Cuddyer singled to left. Tiffee grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cuddyer out at second. Redmond flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Everett grounded out to third. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Politte pitching for White Sox. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Politte pitching for White Sox. Bartlett doubled to deep right center. Punto homered to right center, Bartlett scored. Marte pitching for White Sox. Abernathy flied out to right. Hermanson pitching for White Sox. Mauer singled to center. Rodriguez ran for LeCroy. LeCroy doubled to deep right center, Mauer scored. Ford flied out to center. Rodriguez to third on wild pitch by Hermanson. Cuddyer flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 6 - Twins 4.	Defense backs Buehrle in win over Twins