White Sox - Top 1st. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Podsednik doubled to deep left. Uribe sacrificed to pitcher, Podsednik to third. Everett singled to right, Podsednik scored. Konerko struck out looking, Everett stole second. Pierzynski singled to center, Everett scored. Dye struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Garland pitching for White Sox. Dellucci grounded out to first. Young singled to center. Teixeira homered to right, Young scored. Blalock walked. Soriano grounded out to third, Blalock to second. Mench grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Rowand doubled to deep left. Harris sacrificed to first, Rowand to third. Blum singled to right, Rowand scored. Podsednik popped out to shortstop. Uribe grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Matthews Jr walked. Barajas safe at first on error by third baseman Blum, Matthews Jr to second. Dellucci singled to center, Matthews Jr scored, Barajas to third, Dellucci to second advancing on throw. Young struck out swinging. Teixeira doubled to deep left center, Barajas and Dellucci scored. Blalock intentionally walked. Soriano lined out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 3rd. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Everett flied out to left. Konerko singled to left. Pierzynski singled to center, Konerko to second. Dye singled to right, Konerko to third, Pierzynski to second. Rowand singled to center, Konerko and Pierzynski scored, Dye to third, Rowand to second advancing on throw. Harris grounded out to third. Blum popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Mench grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Podsednik struck out swinging. Uribe grounded out to first. Everett grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Barajas singled to left. Dellucci lined out to left. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Barajas out at second. Teixeira homered to center, Young scored. Blalock grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Konerko singled to right. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Dye grounded out to third, Konerko to second. Rowand singled to left, Konerko scored. Harris grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rowand out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Soriano safe at second on error by third baseman Blum. Mench flied out to center. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Gonzalez singled to center, Soriano scored. Matthews Jr popped out to shortstop. Barajas flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Blum grounded out to second. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Dellucci struck out swinging. Young lined out to center. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Everett grounded out to third. Konerko flied out to center. Pierzynski grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Vizcaino pitching for White Sox. Blalock flied out to right. Soriano flied out to left. Mench grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Dye grounded out to shortstop. Iguchi hit for Harris. Rowand grounded out to first. Iguchi walked. Blum walked, Iguchi to second. Iguchi at second base. Podsednik struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Vizcaino pitching for White Sox. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Matthews Jr flied out to right. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Barajas popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Perez singled to right. Everett flied out to center. Konerko struck out swinging. Pierzynski flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 6 - Rangers 8.	Teixeira delivers longballs as Rangers rough up Garland