Angels - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Figgins flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Washburn pitching for Angels. Podsednik safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Washburn. Iguchi sacrificed to pitcher, Podsednik to third. Dye grounded out to shortstop, Podsednik scored. Konerko singled to left. Everett grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Molina flied out to right. Anderson struck out swinging. Quinlan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Washburn pitching for Angels. Rowand doubled to deep right, Rowand to third on error by right fielder Guerrero.A Rowand out at home. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Crede flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Erstad grounded out to second. Molina safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Uribe. Kennedy grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Washburn pitching for Angels. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik singled to left. Iguchi fouled out to first. Dye grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Podsednik out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera doubled to left. Guerrero grounded out to third. Molina hit by pitch. Anderson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Konerko grounded out to pitcher. Everett fouled out to first. Rowand grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Quinlan homered to left. Erstad singled to center. Molina bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Erstad out at second. Kennedy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Molina out at second. Kennedy to second on passed ball by Pierzynski. Figgins lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Pierzynski walked. Crede flied out to right. Uribe singled to right, Pierzynski to second. Podsednik fouled out to third. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Iguchi hit by pitch, Pierzynski to third, Uribe to second. Dye struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Cabrera singled to left. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. Shields pitching for Angels. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Shields pitching for Angels. Konerko struck out swinging. Everett struck out looking. Rowand grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Anderson grounded out to second. Quinlan struck out looking. Escobar pitching for Angels. Erstad flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Pierzynski popped out to second. Crede doubled to deep left center. Uribe lined into double play, left to second, Crede doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. DaVanon ran for Molina. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Molina singled to left. Kennedy sacrificed to first, DaVanon to second. Figgins grounded out to shortstop, DaVanon to third. Paul catching. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Podsednik struck out swinging. Iguchi struck out swinging. Dye singled to center. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Guerrero popped out to second. Molina popped out to second. Anderson fouled out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Everett grounded out to first. Rowand struck out swinging. Ozuna ran for Pierzynski. Pierzynski struck out swinging, Pierzynski safe at on error by player player, Pierzynski to first on error by catcher Paul. Ozuna stole second. Crede doubled to deep left, Ozuna scored. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Angels 1 - White Sox 2.	Three strikes, not out? ChiSox win in wild 9th