Rockies - Top 1st. Cueto pitching for Giants. Blackmon struck out swinging. LeMahieu singled to left. González flied out to center. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to third, LeMahieu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Span grounded out to second. Belt popped out to shortstop. Pence grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Story struck out looking. Tapia lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Hundley flied out to center. Crawford popped out to third. Núñez walked. Núñez to second on balk by Anderson. Marrero homered to left (393 feet), Núñez scored. Panik grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Wolters lined out to left. Anderson struck out swinging. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Cueto grounded out to second. Span singled to left. Belt grounded out to second, Span to second. Pence reached on infield single to shortstop, Span scored. Hundley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Cueto pitching for Giants. LeMahieu singled to right center. González grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, LeMahieu out at second. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Crawford homered to left (383 feet). Núñez lined out to first. Marrero singled to right. Marrero to second on balk by Anderson. Panik grounded out to first, Marrero to third. Cueto grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Reynolds singled to left. Story walked, Reynolds to second. Tapia popped out to shortstop. Wolters singled to center, Reynolds to third, Story to second. Cardullo hit for Anderson. Cardullo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reynolds and Story scored on error by second baseman Panik, Wolters safe at second on error by second baseman Panik. Blackmon singled to left, Wolters to third, Cardullo to second. LeMahieu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blackmon out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 5th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Span lined out to left. Belt flied out to left. Pence singled to right. Hundley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Cueto pitching for Giants. González singled to shallow left center. Arenado fouled out to first. Reynolds lined out to right. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Crawford struck out swinging. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. Marrero flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Hernández in left field. Cueto pitching for Giants. Tapia flied out to center. Wolters flied out to left. Adames hit for Oberg. Adames struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Panik struck out swinging. Cueto struck out looking. Span walked. Belt singled to deep center, Span to second, Span scored, Belt to second on error by center fielder Blackmon. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Pence singled to right, Belt scored. Hundley singled to right, Pence to second. Crawford singled to shallow left, Pence scored, Hundley to second, Hundley to third advancing on throw. Núñez singled to center, Hundley scored, Crawford to second. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to second, Núñez out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 8th. Law pitching for Giants. Blackmon lined out to left. LeMahieu grounded out to second. González grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Carle pitching for Rockies. Panik flied out to right. Gillaspie hit for Law. Gillaspie struck out swinging, Gillaspie safe at first on wild pitch by Carle. Span flied out to left. Belt popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Arenado fouled out to catcher. Reynolds grounded out to second. Story flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 2 - Giants 8.	Cueto pitches 7 innings as Giants beat Rockies 8-2