Giants - Top 1st. Richard pitching for Padres. Span grounded out to first. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. Belt doubled to deep left. Posey singled to right, Belt scored. Pence struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Cueto pitching for Giants. Margot struck out swinging. Asuaje walked. Myers struck out swinging. Pirela fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Richard pitching for Padres. Crawford doubled to shallow left. Hernández singled to left, Crawford to third. Panik struck out swinging. Cueto singled to right, Crawford scored, Hernández to third, Cueto thrown out at first attempting to advance on play. Span grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Spangenberg walked. Blash doubled to left, Spangenberg scored. Aybar singled to right, Blash scored. Hedges struck out swinging. Richard sacrificed to catcher, Aybar to second. Margot flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Richard pitching for Padres. Núñez doubled to deep left center. Belt flied out to center. Posey walked. Pence grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Posey out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Asuaje doubled to deep center. Myers walked. Pirela grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Myers out at second, Asuaje to third. Spangenberg struck out swinging. Blash fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Richard pitching for Padres. Crawford grounded out to second. Hernández singled to shallow left. Panik reached on infield single to pitcher, Hernández to second. Cueto bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Hernández out at third, Panik to second. Span grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cueto out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Aybar doubled to right. Hedges singled to left, Aybar scored. Richard bunted into fielder's choice to first, Hedges out at second. Margot singled to right, Richard to second. Asuaje struck out looking. Myers grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Richard pitching for Padres. Núñez grounded out to third. Belt struck out swinging. Posey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Pirela struck out swinging. Spangenberg doubled to center. Blash walked. Aybar popped into double play, shortstop to second, Spangenberg doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Richard pitching for Padres. Pence walked. Crawford flied out to left. Hernández singled to left, Pence to second. Panik reached on infield single to shortstop, Pence to third, Hernández to second. Gómez hit for Gearrin. Gómez hit sacrifice fly to center, Pence scored, Hernández to third. Span singled to shallow right, Hernández scored, Panik to third. Maton pitching for Padres. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Hedges grounded out to shortstop. Córdoba hit for Maton. Córdoba flied out to center. Margot grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Buchter pitching for Padres. Belt struck out looking. Posey homered to center (422 feet). Pence flied out to right. Crawford struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Asuaje lined out to left. Myers struck out looking. Pirela grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Hernández doubled to deep left. Panik lined out to center, Hernández to third. Gillaspie hit for Kontos. Torres pitching for Padres. Tomlinson hit for Gillaspie. Tomlinson walked. Span grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tomlinson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Okert pitching for Giants. Spangenberg struck out swinging. Strickland pitching for Giants. Blash singled to left center. Aybar struck out looking. Hedges struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Maurer pitching for Padres. Núñez struck out looking. Belt singled to right. Posey grounded out to third, Belt to second. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Dyson pitching for Giants. Sánchez hit for Maurer. Sánchez struck out swinging. Margot singled to center. Asuaje lined out to right. Myers singled to center, Margot to third. Pirela reached on infield single to pitcher, Margot scored, Myers to second. Spangenberg hit by pitch, Myers to third, Pirela to second. Blash flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 5 - Padres 4.	Blisters to keep Giants' Cueto questionable