Giants - Top 1st. Urena pitching for Marlins. Span grounded out to second. Pence reached on infield single to shortstop. Parker flied out to center. Sandoval grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Cain pitching for Giants. Gordon reached first base on catcher's interference. Stanton singled to right, Gordon to third. Yelich struck out swinging, Stanton stole second. Ozuna reached on infield single to shortstop, Gordon scored, Stanton to third. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stanton scored, Ozuna out at second. Dietrich safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford, Realmuto to second. Telis doubled to left, Realmuto and Dietrich scored. Aviles intentionally walked. Ureña struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Urena pitching for Marlins. Crawford singled to center. Hundley lined out to shortstop. Jones walked, Crawford to second. Tomlinson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jones out at second, Crawford to third. Cain struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Cain pitching for Giants. Gordon flied out to center. Stanton hit by pitch. Yelich struck out looking. Ozuna struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Urena pitching for Marlins. Span flied out to center. Pence struck out looking. Parker singled to right. Sandoval singled to shallow left center, Parker to third. Crawford safe at first on error by first baseman Telis, Parker scored, Sandoval to second. Hundley grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Cain pitching for Giants. Realmuto struck out swinging. Dietrich tripled to deep right center. Telis singled to right, Dietrich scored. Aviles struck out swinging. Ureña struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Jones reached on infield single to second. Tomlinson grounded out to first, Jones to second. Cain grounded out to catcher, Jones to third. Span flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Cain pitching for Giants. Gordon grounded out to first. Stanton grounded out to pitcher. Yelich flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Pence reached on infield single to shortstop. Parker reached on infield single to second, Pence to second. Sandoval grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Parker out at second, Pence to third. Crawford flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Calixte at shortstop. Suárez pitching for Giants. Ozuna walked. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ozuna out at second. Realmuto stole second. Dietrich walked. Telis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Dietrich out at second, Realmuto to third. Aviles singled to right, Realmuto scored, Telis to second. Suzuki hit for Ureña. Suzuki singled to left center, Telis scored, Aviles to second. Gordon walked, Aviles to third, Suzuki to second. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Hundley struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Tomlinson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Suarez pitching for Giants. Yelich struck out swinging. Ozuna grounded out to catcher. Realmuto flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Calixte struck out swinging. Span grounded out to shortstop. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Suarez pitching for Giants. Dietrich lined out to right. Telis flied out to center. Aviles doubled to center. Rojas hit for Ellington. Rojas singled to center, Aviles scored. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Rojas at shortstop. Guerra pitching for Marlins. Parker grounded out to first. Sandoval walked. Moncrief hit for Suárez. Moncrief lined into double play, to first, Sandoval doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Moncrief in right field. Osich pitching for Giants. Stanton singled to right. Yelich grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stanton out at second. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to second, Yelich out at second. Realmuto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Ziegler pitching for Marlins. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to first. Tomlinson reached on infield single to catcher. Calixte flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 1 - Marlins 8.	Stanton has 2 hits but no homers as Marlins beat Giants 8-1