Giants - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Span struck out swinging. Pence grounded out to first. Parker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Blach pitching for Giants. Peralta grounded out to pitcher. Iannetta singled to right. Pollock lined out to center. Goldschmidt singled to shallow right, Iannetta to third. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey grounded out to first. Crawford singled to center. Sandoval singled to center, Crawford to second. Crawford caught stealing third, pitcher to third. Hundley doubled to deep center, Hundley out at third, Sandoval scored, Sandoval to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Blach pitching for Giants. Drury grounded out to shortstop. Lamb grounded out to first. Marte grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Panik grounded out to second. Blach struck out swinging. Span grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Blach pitching for Giants. Greinke struck out swinging. Peralta singled to left. Iannetta singled to center, Peralta to second, Peralta to third, Iannetta to second on error by center fielder Span. Pollock reached on infield single to shortstop, Peralta scored, Iannetta to third. Goldschmidt homered to left (381 feet), Iannetta and Pollock scored. Martinez walked. Drury grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martinez out at second. Lamb grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Parker struck out swinging. Posey grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Blach pitching for Giants. Marte grounded out to second. Greinke lined out to second. Peralta grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford doubled to deep left. Sandoval singled to center, Crawford to third. Hundley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crawford scored, Sandoval out at second. Panik grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hundley out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Blach pitching for Giants. Iannetta walked. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to third, Iannetta out at second. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pollock out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Moncrief hit for Blach. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Moncrief singled to right. Span grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moncrief out at second. Pence struck out swinging. Parker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Suárez pitching for Giants. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Drury grounded out to second. Lamb grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey grounded out to pitcher. Crawford hit ground rule double to deep left. Sandoval grounded out to shortstop, Crawford to third. Hundley safe at first on error by shortstop Marte, Crawford scored. Descalso at second base. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Panik struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Suarez pitching for Giants. Marte grounded out to first. Osich pitching for Giants. Descalso walked. Peralta singled to right, Descalso to third. Crick pitching for Giants. Iannetta struck out swinging. Pollock popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Tomlinson hit for Crick. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Tomlinson struck out swinging. Span lined out to left. Pence singled to center. Parker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Martinez flied out to center. Fuentes hit for Bradley. Fuentes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey grounded out to second. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Sandoval struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 3 - Diamondbacks 4.	Goldschmidt, Greinke lead D-backs past Giants 4-3