Giants - Top 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence walked. Panik singled to right, Pence to second. Hernández grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Panik out at second, Pence to third. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Moore pitching for Giants. Peralta walked. Pollock singled to left, Peralta to second. Peralta caught stealing third, catcher to third, Pollock to second on runner's fielder's choice. Goldschmidt walked. Martinez doubled to deep center, Pollock and Goldschmidt scored. Iannetta popped out to first. Drury grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley struck out looking. Williamson struck out swinging. Tomlinson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Moore pitching for Giants. Lamb walked. Marte doubled to right center, Lamb to third. Ray flied out to center. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lamb scored, Marte to third. Pollock singled to left, Marte scored, Peralta to second. Goldschmidt safe at first on error by pitcher Moore, Peralta to third, Pollock to second. Martinez homered to center (402 feet), Peralta, Pollock and Goldschmidt scored. Suárez pitching for Giants. Iannetta grounded out to third. Drury flied out to right. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Calixte grounded out to second. Suárez grounded out to shortstop. Pence walked. Panik fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Suarez pitching for Giants. Lamb flied out to right. Marte walked. Ray lined out to left. Peralta flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández grounded out to third. Posey struck out swinging. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Jones at first base. Federowicz catching. Gómez pitching for Giants. Pollock grounded out to catcher. Goldschmidt flied out to center. Martinez singled to left. Iannetta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Williamson struck out looking. Tomlinson struck out swinging. Calixte safe at first on error by second baseman Drury. Federowicz homered to left center (409 feet), Calixte scored. Pence singled to right. Panik grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Gomez pitching for Giants. Drury singled to center. Lamb walked, Drury to second. Marte tripled to deep right center, Drury and Lamb scored. Hazelbaker hit for Ray. Hazelbaker struck out looking. Peralta grounded out to pitcher. Pollock flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández flied out to right. Jones singled to right. Parker hit for Gómez. Parker struck out swinging. Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks. Williamson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Parker in right field. Moronta pitching for Giants. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Martinez struck out swinging. Iannetta singled to center. Drury struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Blanco in right field. Fuentes in center field. Rosales at first base. Negrón in left field. Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks. Tomlinson hit ground rule double to deep right. Calixte lined out to left. Federowicz singled to left, Tomlinson to third. Sandoval hit for Moronta. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Sandoval singled to right, Tomlinson scored, Federowicz to second, Federowicz to third on error by right fielder Blanco. Panik hit sacrifice fly to right, Federowicz scored. Hernández singled to right, Sandoval to second. Jones grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Sandoval at first base. Jones at third base. Tomlinson at second base. Calixte at shortstop. Osich pitching for Giants. Lamb struck out looking. Marte lined out to center. Walker hit for McFarland. Walker homered to right center (403 feet). Blanco struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Vargas at third base. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Parker walked. Williamson singled to left, Parker to second. Tomlinson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Williamson out at second, Parker to third. Calixte flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Crick pitching for Giants. Fuentes lined out to shortstop. Rosales struck out swinging. Negrón walked. Iannetta walked, Negrón to second. Drury lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Federowicz grounded out to third. Sandoval grounded out to second. Crawford hit for Crick. Crawford hit ground rule double to deep left. Hernández walked. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 4 - Diamondbacks 11.	Martinez hits grand slam, drives in 6 as D-backs rout Giants