Cardinals - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Eckstein struck out looking. Taguchi struck out swinging. Rolen singled to center. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Cirillo walked. Hall singled to center, Cirillo to second. Lee homered to left center, Cirillo and Hall scored. Fielder grounded out to third. Miller grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Spiezio struck out looking. Luna reached on infield single to shortstop. Molina singled to left, Luna to second. Miles grounded into double play, third to first, Luna out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Jenkins walked. Clark doubled to deep left center, Jenkins scored. De La Rosa struck out swinging. Weeks doubled to deep center, Clark scored. Cirillo singled to center, Weeks scored. Hall grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Cirillo out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Mulder grounded out to first. Eckstein grounded out to third. Taguchi doubled to left. Rolen walked. Taguchi stole third, Rolen stole second. Taguchi scored, Rolen to third on wild pitch by De La Rosa. Encarnacion doubled to deep left, Rolen scored. Spiezio popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Fielder struck out swinging. Miller walked. Jenkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Luna walked. Luna to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa. Molina walked. Winkelsas pitching for Brewers. Duncan hit for Mulder. Miles walked, Luna to third, Molina to second. Duncan struck out swinging. Eckstein singled to center, Luna scored, Molina to third, Miles to second. Taguchi walked, Molina scored, Miles to third, Eckstein to second. Rolen grounded out to third, Miles scored, Eckstein to third, Taguchi to second. Encarnacion walked. Spiezio doubled to deep right, Eckstein, Taguchi and Encarnacion scored. Hancock pitching for Cardinals. Duncan at first base. Luna struck out looking. 6 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Gross hit for Winkelsas. Hancock pitching for Cardinals. Clark struck out swinging. Gross struck out swinging. Capellan pitching for Brewers. Weeks struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Capellan pitching for Brewers. Molina doubled to left. Miles lined out to right, Molina to third. Duncan grounded out to second. Eckstein doubled to deep left, Molina scored. Taguchi singled to right, Eckstein scored, Taguchi to second advancing on throw. Taguchi to third on wild pitch by Capellan. Rolen intentionally walked. Encarnacion popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Hancock pitching for Cardinals. Cirillo grounded out to second. Hall grounded out to third. Perez hit for Hancock. Lee flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Capellan pitching for Brewers. Perez flied out to left. Luna tripled to left. Molina struck out swinging. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Miles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Fielder flied out to center. Miller flied out to center. Shouse pitching for Brewers. Moeller catching. Jenkins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Shouse pitching for Brewers. Duncan grounded out to second. Eckstein singled to right. Edmonds at first base. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Eckstein out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Clark singled to left. Moeller grounded into double play, third to second to first, Clark out at second. Weeks struck out swinging, Weeks safe at first on wild pitch by Thompson. Cirillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Shouse pitching for Brewers. Rolen flied out to center. Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher. Edmonds flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Hall singled to right center. Lee flied out to right. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Hart hit for Shouse. Fielder safe at first on error by second baseman Miles, Hall to second. Hart walked, Hall to third, Fielder to second. Jenkins struck out swinging. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez in right field. Simpson pitching for Brewers. Clark grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hart out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Simpson pitching for Brewers. Luna struck out swinging. Molina walked. Miles struck out swinging. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Moeller grounded out to third. Weeks hit by pitch. Cirillo struck out swinging. Hall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 10 - Brewers 6.	Cardinals erupt for six runs n fourth, down Brewers