Brewers - Top 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Weeks grounded out to third. Hall fouled out to second. Jenkins walked. Lee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Castillo fouled out to first. Punto hit by pitch. Punto to second on wild pitch by Capuano. Mauer reached on infield single to shortstop, Punto to third. Cuddyer doubled to deep center, Punto scored, Mauer to third. Morneau hit sacrifice fly to right, Mauer scored, Cuddyer to third. Hunter struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Fielder struck out swinging. Koskie grounded out to first. Miller singled to center. Gross struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Stewart singled to right. Kubel singled to right, Stewart to second. Bartlett lined out to center. Castillo popped out to first. Punto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Silva pitching for Twins. Clark singled to right center. Weeks hit by pitch, Clark to second. Hall flied out to left. Jenkins singled to left center, Clark to third, Weeks to second, Clark scored, Weeks to third, Jenkins to second on error by center fielder Hunter. Lee singled to left, Weeks scored, Jenkins to third. Fielder hit sacrifice fly to center, Jenkins scored. Koskie struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Mauer flied out to left. Cuddyer doubled to left. Morneau grounded out to second, Cuddyer to third. Hunter reached on infield single to third, Cuddyer scored. Stewart singled to center, Hunter to third. Kubel singled to right center, Hunter scored, Stewart to third. Bartlett doubled to center, Stewart scored, Kubel to third. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Miller flied out to center. Gross walked. Clark flied out to center. Weeks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Punto doubled to deep left. Mauer singled to center, Punto scored. Cuddyer popped out to second. Morneau flied out to center. Hunter flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 5th. Silva pitching for Twins. Hall singled to right. Jenkins singled to center, Hall to third. Lee singled to center, Hall scored, Jenkins to second. Fielder singled to left, Jenkins to third, Lee to second, Jenkins scored, Lee to third, Fielder to second on error by left fielder Kubel. Koskie grounded out to first. Eyre pitching for Twins. Miller singled to center, Lee scored, Fielder to third. Gross hit sacrifice fly to left, Fielder scored. Clark hit by pitch, Miller to second. Capellan pitching for Brewers. Weeks grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 5th. Capellan pitching for Brewers. Stewart singled to center. Stewart caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Kubel singled to center. Bartlett struck out swinging. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Eyre pitching for Twins. Hall flied out to left. Jenkins flied out to left. Lee grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Capellan pitching for Brewers. Punto grounded out to first. Mauer lined out to left. Reyes pitching for Twins. Cuddyer lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Reyes pitching for Twins. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. Koskie singled to left center. Miller grounded into double play, third to second to first, Koskie out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Capellan pitching for Brewers. Morneau singled to right. Hunter flied out to center. Shouse pitching for Brewers. Stewart singled to right, Morneau to second. Kubel popped out to second. Bartlett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Rincon pitching for Twins. Gross struck out looking. Clark hit by pitch. Weeks flied out to left. Hall grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Clark out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Shouse pitching for Brewers. Castillo walked. Punto sacrificed to pitcher, Castillo to second. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Mauer flied out to left. Cuddyer tripled to deep center, Castillo scored. Morneau intentionally walked. Hunter hit by pitch, Morneau to second. Wise pitching for Brewers. Stewart walked, Cuddyer scored, Morneau to third, Hunter to second. Ford in left field. Nathan pitching for Twins. Kubel singled to center, Morneau and Hunter scored, Stewart thrown out at third. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Jenkins singled to left. Lee singled to left, Jenkins to second. Fielder grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Lee out at second, Jenkins to third. Koskie flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 7 - Twins 10.	Surging Twins: Team wins 9th in row, Mauer hitting .392