Brewers - Top 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Gross singled to left. Cirillo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gross out at second. Jenkins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Byrnes doubled to left. Easley flied out to right, Byrnes to third. Gonzalez doubled to right, Byrnes scored. Jackson struck out looking. Estrada lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Lee singled to left. Fielder flied out to left. Hall flied out to left. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Green grounded out to shortstop. Hudson singled to left. Drew walked, Hudson to second. Webb sacrificed to third, Hudson to third, Drew to second, Webb safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cirillo. Hudson scored on throwing error by third baseman Cirillo. Byrnes flied out to center. Easley singled to center, Drew scored, Webb to third. Gonzalez singled to left, Webb scored, Easley thrown out at third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Barnwell struck out swinging. Capuano singled to center. Gross walked, Capuano to second. Cirillo struck out swinging. Jenkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Jackson homered to left. Estrada doubled to deep left center. Green grounded out to first, Estrada to third. Hudson safe at first on error by first baseman Fielder. Drew popped out to pitcher. Webb popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Lee lined out to third. Fielder singled to center. Hall struck out swinging. Miller grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fielder out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Byrnes doubled to left. Easley hit by pitch. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Easley out at second, Byrnes to third. Jackson homered to left center, Byrnes scored. Gonzalez pitching for Brewers. Barnwell at shortstop. Weeks at second base. Estrada homered to left. Green grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Barnwell struck out swinging. Weeks struck out swinging. Gross struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Hudson flied out to left. Drew flied out to left. Webb walked. Byrnes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Cirillo flied out to center. Jenkins walked. Lee singled to left center, Jenkins to second. Gwynn Jr. hit for Gonzalez. Fielder grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lee out at second, Jenkins to third. Eveland pitching for Brewers. Gwynn Jr. grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Eveland pitching for Brewers. Easley struck out swinging. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Estrada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Miller grounded out to third. Barnwell flied out to left. Weeks singled to right. Gross struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Eveland pitching for Brewers. Green singled to center. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice double play, pitcher to shortstop to pitcher to shortstop, Green out at second, Hudson out at second. Green hit for Webb. Drew struck out swinging, Drew safe at first on wild pitch by Eveland. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Cirillo struck out looking. Jenkins doubled to deep right center. Lee singled to center, Jenkins scored. Hart hit for Eveland. Fielder struck out swinging. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Hart popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. Easley reached on infield single to shortstop. Ed Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Easley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Miller flied out to right. Barnwell grounded out to second. Weeks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 1 - Diamondbacks 8.	Webb stellar as Diamondbacks maul Brewers