Pirates - Top 1st. Davis pitching for Brewers. Bautista flied out to right. Wilson singled to right. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wilson out at second. Bay homered to left, Sanchez scored. Casey grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Weeks doubled to deep right center. Cirillo flied out to right, Weeks to third. Hall homered to right center, Weeks scored. Lee doubled to deep right. Fielder hit by pitch. Miller singled to right, Lee scored, Fielder to second. Jenkins walked, Fielder to third, Miller to second. Clark hit sacrifice fly to left, Fielder scored. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jenkins out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Davis pitching for Brewers. Wilson popped out to second. Castillo lined out to right. Paulino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Weeks safe at first on error by pitcher Duke. Weeks to second on balk by Duke. Cirillo singled to center, Weeks scored. Hall struck out swinging. Lee singled to left, Cirillo to third. Fielder singled to right, Cirillo scored, Lee to second. Miller grounded out to pitcher, Lee to third, Fielder to second. Barnwell at second base. Jenkins struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 3rd. Davis pitching for Brewers. Duke struck out swinging. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Wilson singled to right. Sanchez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Clark singled to left. Davis sacrificed to first, Clark to second. Santos pitching for Pirates. Barnwell safe at first on error by second baseman Castillo, Clark scored. Cirillo singled to center, Barnwell to second. Hall grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cirillo out at second, Barnwell to third, Barnwell scored, Hall to second on throwing error by shortstop Wilson. Lee homered to left, Hall scored. Fielder singled to left. Miller flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Bay tripled to deep left. Casey singled to left, Bay scored. Wilson struck out swinging. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Casey out at second. Paulino reached on infield single to second, Castillo to second, Castillo to third on throwing error by second baseman Barnwell. Santos grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Santos pitching for Pirates. Jenkins flied out to center. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Bautista struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to second. Sanchez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Santos pitching for Pirates. Barnwell grounded out to shortstop. Cirillo doubled to deep left. Hall homered to left, Cirillo scored. Gwynn Jr. ran for Lee. Lee walked. Gwynn Jr. in center field. Clark in left field. Fielder grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gwynn Jr. out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Bay walked. Casey grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bay out at second. Wilson singled to right center, Casey to second. Castillo walked, Casey to third, Wilson to second. Randa hit for Santos. Paulino singled to right, Casey scored, Wilson to third, Castillo to second, Wilson scored, Castillo to third, Paulino to second on throwing error by right fielder Jenkins. Randa singled to center, Castillo scored, Paulino to third. Bautista reached on infield single to pitcher, Randa to second. Wilson flied out to left. Marte pitching for Pirates. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Randa out at third, Bautista to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Miller flied out to center. Jenkins walked. Gross hit for Davis. Clark doubled to deep left, Jenkins to third, Clark thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Gross walked. Capellan pitching for Brewers. Barnwell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Capellan pitching for Brewers. Bay singled to left. Casey doubled to deep left center, Bay to third. Wilson grounded out to first, Bay scored, Casey to third. Castillo popped out to second. McLouth hit for Marte. Paulino singled to center, Casey scored. Grabow pitching for Pirates. McLouth fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Cirillo safe at first on error by second baseman Castillo. Hall struck out swinging. Gwynn Jr. singled to right, Cirillo to second. Fielder grounded out to first, Cirillo to third, Gwynn Jr. to second. Miller intentionally walked. Wise pitching for Brewers. Jenkins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 8th. Wise pitching for Brewers. Bautista grounded out to third. Wilson struck out swinging. Sanchez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Clark struck out swinging. Wise struck out swinging. Barnwell grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Wise pitching for Brewers. Bay singled to left. Casey grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bay out at second. Wilson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 8 - Brewers 12.	Hall of a game for Brewers against Pirates