Dodgers - Top 1st. Davis pitching for Brewers. Furcal singled to center. Lofton flied out to right. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Furcal caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Clark singled to left. Graffanino lined out to right. Clark to second on wild pitch by Hendrickson. Fielder walked. Hall struck out swinging. Hart homered to left center, Clark and Fielder scored. Mench grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Davis pitching for Brewers. Kent popped out to first. Ethier walked. Kemp singled to left, Ethier to second. Lugo flied out to right. Martin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Bell struck out looking. Miller grounded out to shortstop. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Davis pitching for Brewers. Hendrickson struck out swinging. Furcal reached on infield single to shortstop. Lofton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Furcal out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Clark singled to left. Graffanino singled to center, Clark to second. Fielder struck out swinging. Clark to third, Graffanino to second on wild pitch by Hendrickson. Hall safe at first on error by second baseman Kent, Clark scored, Graffanino to third. Hart hit sacrifice fly to center, Graffanino scored. Mench singled to right, Hall to second. Bell flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 4th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Kent struck out swinging. Ethier singled to right. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ethier out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Miller doubled to deep center. Davis bunt popped out foul to catcher. Clark lined out to left. Graffanino singled to right, Miller thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Lugo popped out to second. Betemit hit for Hendrickson. Martin grounded out to second. Stults pitching for Dodgers. Betemit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Stults pitching for Dodgers. Fielder walked. Hall grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Fielder out at second. Hart homered to left. Mench grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Furcal flied out to right. Lofton struck out swinging. Garciaparra flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Stults pitching for Dodgers. Bell singled to center. Miller struck out swinging. Davis sacrificed to catcher, Bell to second. Clark grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Kent struck out looking. Ethier grounded out to second. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Stults pitching for Dodgers. Graffanino grounded out to second. Fielder doubled to deep right center. Hall singled to left center, Fielder to third. Hart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fielder scored, Hall out at second. Mench tripled to deep right, Hart scored. Bell grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Lugo flied out to right. Saenz hit for Stults. Martin grounded out to third. Repko in center field. Martinez at third base. Diaz catching. Robles at second base. Lugo at shortstop. Hamulack pitching for Dodgers. Saenz at first base. Saenz lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Hamulack pitching for Dodgers. Miller grounded out to shortstop. Davis safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Hamulack. Clark safe at first on error by third baseman Martinez, Davis to second. Graffanino singled to right center, Davis to third, Clark to second. Fielder singled to left, Davis scored, Clark to third, Graffanino to second. Hall fouled out to first. Hart grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Graffanino out at third, Fielder to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Repko grounded out to second. Martinez grounded out to second. Diaz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 0 - Brewers 9.	Davis, Hart help Brewers hand Dodgers third straight loss