Pirates - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . McLouth doubled to deep right . Wilson sacrificed to first , McLouth to third . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop , McLouth scored . Bay homered to left . Burnitz flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Santos pitching for Pirates . Counsell flied out to left . Byrnes fouled out to left . Tracy doubled to left . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Doumit struck out swinging . Castillo grounded out to third . Paulino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Santos pitching for Pirates . Jackson singled to center . Jackson to second on wild pitch by Santos . Estrada struck out swinging . DaVanon grounded out to second , Jackson to third . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Santos struck out looking . McLouth grounded out to shortstop . Wilson walked . Wilson to second on balk by Vargas . Sanchez walked . Bay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Santos pitching for Pirates . Vargas flied out to right . Counsell singled to right . Byrnes lined out to shortstop . Tracy singled to right center , Counsell to second . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Burnitz struck out swinging . Doumit flied out to center . Castillo singled to center . Paulino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Santos pitching for Pirates . Jackson walked . Estrada homered to right , Jackson scored . DaVanon grounded out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to second . Vargas struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Santos grounded out to shortstop . McLouth grounded out to shortstop . Wilson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Santos pitching for Pirates . Counsell flied out to right . Byrnes grounded out to third . Tracy walked . Gonzalez safe at first on error by first baseman Doumit , Tracy to third . Jackson homered to left , Tracy and Gonzalez scored . Estrada grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 6th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez singled to right . Bay singled to center , Sanchez to second . Burnitz fouled out to third . Doumit flied out to left . Castillo popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Santos pitching for Pirates . DaVanon struck out swinging . Green hit for Vargas . Hudson popped out to shortstop . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Green struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Edwards hit for Santos . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Paulino walked . Edwards struck out looking . McLouth grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Paulino out at second . Wilson singled to left center , McLouth to third . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Sanchez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Counsell flied out to center . Byrnes reached on infield single to pitcher . Tracy struck out looking . Gonzalez hit by pitch , Byrnes to second . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Byrnes out at third , Gonzalez to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Bay homered to center . Burnitz struck out swinging . Doumit grounded out to second . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Estrada singled to center . DaVanon popped out to second . Easley hit for Lyon . Hudson flied out to left . Easley singled to left , Estrada to second . Capps pitching for Pirates . Counsell reached on infield single to shortstop , Estrada scored , Easley to second , Easley to third on throwing error by second baseman Castillo . Easley scored , Counsell to second on wild pitch by Capps , Counsell safe at third on throwing error by catcher Paulino . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Byrnes struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Wilson hit for Capps . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Paulino singled to center . Wilson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Paulino out at second . McLouth singled to right . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McLouth out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 3 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Bay hits two more homers , but Pirates lose to Arizona