Cardinals - Top 1st . Santos pitching for Pirates . Eckstein flied out to left . Taguchi struck out looking . Rolen hit by pitch . Edmonds singled to right , Rolen to third . Encarnacion singled to left , Rolen scored , Edmonds to second . Luna walked , Edmonds to third , Encarnacion to second . Duncan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Bautista homered to center . Wilson walked . Casey struck out swinging . Bay struck out swinging . Randa singled to left , Wilson to second . Wilson singled to center , Wilson scored , Randa to second . Castillo popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Santos pitching for Pirates . Bennett singled to center . Mulder sacrificed to pitcher , Bennett to second . Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop , Bennett to third . Taguchi grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eckstein out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Cota walked . Santos bunted into double play , catcher to shortstop to second , Cota out at second . Bautista singled to left . Wilson singled to left , Bautista to second . Casey struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Santos pitching for Pirates . Rolen grounded out to third . Edmonds flied out to center . Encarnacion flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Bay reached on infield single to second . Randa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bay out at second . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Santos pitching for Pirates . Luna struck out swinging . Duncan tripled to deep right . Bennett walked . Mulder walked , Bennett to second . Eckstein popped out to shortstop . Taguchi singled to right , Duncan and Bennett scored , Mulder to third . Rolen struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Castillo homered to left . Cota singled to left . Santos sacrificed to catcher , Cota to second . Bautista doubled to deep right , Cota scored . Wilson grounded out to third . Casey grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Santos pitching for Pirates . Edmonds grounded out to first . Encarnacion reached on infield single to third . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Luna walked , Encarnacion to second . Duncan doubled to deep right , Encarnacion scored , Luna to third . Bennett grounded out to second , Luna scored , Duncan to third . Mulder struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Bay struck out swinging . Randa grounded out to shortstop . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Eckstein reached on infield single to second . Taguchi sacrificed to pitcher , Eckstein to second . Rolen singled to right , Eckstein scored , Rolen to second advancing on throw . Rolen caught stealing third , catcher to third . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Edmonds grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Castillo grounded out to third . Burnitz hit for Vogelsong . Cota flied out to right . Burnitz homered to right . Capps pitching for Pirates . Bautista popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Luna struck out looking . Duncan singled to center , Duncan to second on error by center fielder Bautista . Bennett intentionally walked . Wainwright grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Wilson singled to left . Casey flied out to center . Bay flied out to center . Randa walked , Wilson to second . Wilson walked , Wilson to third , Randa to second . Hernandez pitching for Pirates . Castillo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Pirates . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Taguchi doubled to left . Rolen struck out swinging . Edmonds intentionally walked . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez hit for Cota . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Edmonds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Hernandez hit for Hernandez . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez lined out to second . Hernandez grounded out to third . Paulino catching . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Bautista flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Miles hit for Duncan . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Luna singled to left center . Miles bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Luna out at second . Spiezio hit for Looper . Bennett flied out to right . Spiezio singled to center , Miles to second . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Spiezio at first base . Eckstein popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Wilson flied out to right . McLouth ran for Casey . Casey walked . Bay grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McLouth out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Pirates 5 .	Mulder stuggles but Duncan 's hitting paces Cards