Nationals - Top 1st . Snell pitching for Pirates . Soriano homered to center . Lopez walked . Lopez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Vidro grounded out to pitcher . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Astacio pitching for Nationals . McLouth struck out looking . Wilson singled to left . Sanchez doubled to left , Wilson to third . Bay singled to left center , Wilson and Sanchez scored . Casey walked , Bay to second . Castillo grounded out to pitcher , Bay to third , Casey to second . Bautista flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Snell pitching for Pirates . Zimmerman doubled to deep left . Kearns walked . Guillen doubled to deep center , Zimmerman and Kearns scored . Schneider walked . Astacio sacrificed to catcher , Guillen to third , Schneider to second . Soriano intentionally walked . Lopez struck out swinging . Vidro flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Paulino flied out to center . Snell grounded out to first . McLouth grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Snell pitching for Pirates . Johnson doubled to deep left center . Zimmerman sacrificed to third , Johnson to third . Kearns walked . Guillen popped out to shortstop . Schneider singled to shallow right , Johnson scored , Kearns to second . Astacio struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Wilson walked . Sanchez doubled to deep left center , Wilson scored . Bay flied out to right . Casey intentionally walked . Castillo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Casey out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Soriano struck out swinging . Lopez walked . Vidro singled to right , Lopez to second . Johnson popped out to third . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vidro out at second , Lopez to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Bautista lined out to shortstop . Paulino singled to center . Snell grounded out to first , Paulino to second . McLouth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Kearns struck out swinging . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Schneider struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Wilson flied out to right . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher . Bay walked . Casey singled to right , Bay to third . Sanchez at second base . Capps pitching for Pirates . Randa at third base . Castillo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Astacio grounded out to pitcher . Soriano singled to right . Lopez singled to left , Soriano to second . Vidro grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lopez out at second , Soriano to third . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Bautista singled to right center . Paulino flied out to right . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Randa doubled to deep center , Bautista scored . Gryboski pitching for Nationals . McLouth grounded out to second , Randa to third . Wilson reached on bunt single to pitcher , Randa scored . Sanchez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Zimmerman grounded out to second . Kearns struck out swinging . Marte pitching for Pirates . Guillen singled to center . Escobar hit for Gryboski . Schneider singled to right , Guillen to third . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop , Guillen scored , Schneider to second , Schneider to third , Escobar to second on throwing error by shortstop Wilson . Torres pitching for Pirates . Soriano intentionally walked . Bowie pitching for Nationals . Lopez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Bowie pitching for Nationals . Bay struck out swinging . Wilson hit for Torres . Casey singled to left . Wilson struck out swinging . Bautista walked , Casey to second . Hernandez pitching for Pirates . Paulino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Pirates . Vidro hit ground rule double to deep left . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . Zimmerman singled to center , Vidro scored . Kearns grounded out to catcher , Zimmerman to second . Kearns in right field . Matos in center field . Guillen lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Bowie pitching for Nationals . Randa hit ground rule double to right . Corcoran pitching for Nationals . McLouth sacrificed to pitcher , Randa to third . Wilson hit sacrifice fly to center , Randa scored . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Schneider flied out to left . Corcoran struck out swinging . Soriano walked . Soriano stole second . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Corcoran pitching for Nationals . Bay walked . Hernandez hit for Gonzalez . Casey singled to right , Bay to second . Hernandez reached on bunt single to third , Bay to third , Casey to second . Bautista struck out swinging . Paulino singled to deep right center , Bay scored , Casey to third , Hernandez to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 6 - Pirates 7 .	Pirates swat Nats on Paulino 's ninth - inning single