Rockies - Top 1st . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Carroll popped out to second . Barmes singled to right . Helton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Barmes out at second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Bautista hit by pitch . Wilson struck out looking . Sanchez grounded out to second , Bautista to second . Bay intentionally walked . Casey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Atkins walked . Torrealba doubled to center , Atkins to third . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center , Atkins scored . Freeman reached on infield single to third . Francis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Torrealba scored , Freeman safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Gorzelanny . Carroll hit sacrifice fly to right , Freeman scored . Barmes struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Wilson singled to left . Castillo flied out to center . Paulino flied out to center . Gorzelanny struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Helton grounded out to pitcher . Holliday walked . Atkins walked , Holliday to second . Holliday to third , Atkins to second on wild pitch by Gorzelanny . Torrealba doubled to deep right , Holliday and Atkins scored . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Freeman intentionally walked . Santos pitching for Pirates . Francis walked , Torrealba to third , Freeman to second . Carroll doubled to right , Torrealba and Freeman scored , Francis to third . Barmes grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Bautista popped out to shortstop . Wilson safe at first on error by third baseman Atkins . Sanchez lined out to shortstop . Bay doubled to deep left center , Wilson scored . Casey flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 4th . Santos pitching for Pirates . Helton singled to left center . Holliday singled to right , Helton to third . Atkins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Helton scored , Holliday out at second . Torrealba singled to center . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Torrealba out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Wilson struck out swinging . Castillo fouled out to third . Paulino grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Santos pitching for Pirates . Freeman struck out swinging . Francis grounded out to pitcher . Carroll grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Santos singled to center . Bautista popped out to pitcher . Wilson flied out to left . Sanchez singled to right , Santos to second . Bay flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Santos pitching for Pirates . Barmes singled to left . Helton flied out to left . Holliday homered to center , Barmes scored . Atkins walked . Torrealba lined out to left . Gonzalez singled to center , Atkins to second . Freeman tripled to deep center , Atkins and Gonzalez scored . Francis grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Casey flied out to left . Wilson struck out looking . Castillo singled to left . Hernandez hit for Santos . Paulino reached on infield single to second , Castillo to second . Cota catching . McLouth in left field . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Hernandez at first base . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Carroll walked . Barmes walked , Carroll to second . Helton struck out looking . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Barmes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Bautista doubled to deep left center . Wilson singled to right , Bautista to third . Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to left , Bautista scored . Cota grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wilson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Atkins flied out to center . Torrealba grounded out to third . Piedra in right field . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez at second base . Smith at third base . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . McLouth lined out to second . Wilson homered to left center . Burnitz hit for Grabow . Castillo struck out swinging . Marte pitching for Pirates . Burnitz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Marte pitching for Pirates . Freeman struck out swinging . Smith homered to right center . Piedra struck out swinging . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Barmes flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Hernandez flied out to center . Bautista flied out to left . Wilson doubled to deep left . Sanchez doubled to right , Wilson scored . Cota flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 13 - Pirates 4 .	Rockies halt eight - game skid by trouncing Pirates