Brewers - Top 1st . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Clark flied out to right . Graffanino flied out to center . Fielder flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Brewers . Duffy reached on infield single to third . Hernandez struck out looking . Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop , Duffy to third . Randa hit sacrifice fly to center , Duffy scored . Nady singled to left center , Sanchez to third . Paulino flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Mench lined out to right . Hall flied out to center . Hart homered to center . Bell struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Castillo singled to right . Castillo caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Bautista grounded out to third . Gorzelanny struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Miller doubled to deep right center . Davis sacrificed to pitcher , Miller to third , Davis safe at first on error by second baseman Castillo . Miller scored on error by second baseman Castillo . Clark grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Davis out at second . Graffanino struck out swinging . Fielder struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Duffy grounded out to pitcher . Hernandez struck out looking . Sanchez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Mench singled to left . Hall struck out swinging . Hart grounded out to pitcher , Mench to second . Bell popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Randa singled to left . Nady flied out to right . Paulino struck out swinging . Castillo lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Miller safe at first on error by third baseman Sanchez . Davis sacrificed to first , Miller to second . Clark grounded out to shortstop . Graffanino grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Bautista struck out swinging . Gorzelanny grounded out to shortstop . Duffy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Fielder singled to center . Mench lined out to third . Hall struck out swinging . Hart grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fielder out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Hernandez reached on infield single to pitcher . Sanchez struck out swinging . Randa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hernandez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Bell singled to center . Miller singled to center , Bell to second . Davis bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Bell out at third , Miller to second . Clark grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Nady singled to left . Paulino singled to left , Nady to second . Castillo grounded into double play , second to first , Paulino out at second , Nady to third . Davis hit for Gorzelanny . Bautista homered to left , Nady scored . Marte pitching for Pirates . Davis grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Marte pitching for Pirates . Graffanino doubled to left . Fielder singled to right center , Graffanino to third . Torres pitching for Pirates . Mench grounded out to third , Graffanino scored , Fielder to second . Hall singled to left , Fielder scored , Hall to second advancing on throw . Hall caught stealing third , catcher to third . Capellan pitching for Brewers . Hart grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Capellan pitching for Brewers . Duffy lined out to second . Hernandez singled to center . Sanchez flied out to right . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Randa popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Bell walked . Cirillo hit for Capellan . Miller struck out swinging . Cirillo reached on infield single to pitcher , Bell to second . Clark flied out to left . Graffanino doubled to deep left center , Bell and Cirillo scored , Graffanino to third on throwing error by second baseman Castillo . Cordero pitching for Brewers . Fielder struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Cordero pitching for Brewers . Nady struck out swinging . Paulino singled to left . Castillo doubled to right , Paulino to third . Burnitz hit for Grabow . Bautista walked . Burnitz grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 6 - Pirates 3 .	Brewers rally late , end Pirates ' four - game win streak