Pirates - Top 1st . Milton pitching for Reds . Bautista struck out swinging . Wilson grounded out to second . Sanchez singled to right . Bay flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Freel reached on infield single to shortstop . Clayton singled to left center , Freel to second . Freel stole third , Clayton stole second . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Encarnacion doubled to right , Freel and Clayton scored . Dunn walked . Aurilia doubled to deep center , Encarnacion and Dunn scored . Ross singled to left center , Aurilia scored , Ross to second advancing on throw . Phillips singled to right , Ross scored . Phillips to second on passed ball by Paulino . Milton singled to left , Phillips to third . Freel grounded into double play , third to second to first , Milton out at second . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Milton pitching for Reds . Nady grounded out to shortstop . Paulino grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez singled to center . Castillo doubled to left , Hernandez to third . Maholm struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Clayton struck out swinging . Griffey Jr singled to left center . Encarnacion lined into double play , shortstop to first , Griffey Jr doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Milton pitching for Reds . Bautista flied out to center . Wilson lined out to right . Sanchez singled to center . Bay singled to left , Sanchez to second . Nady doubled to deep right center , Sanchez and Bay scored . Paulino singled to center , Nady scored . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Dunn struck out swinging . Aurilia grounded out to third . Ross homered to left . Phillips grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Milton pitching for Reds . Castillo popped out to shortstop . Maholm struck out looking . Bautista popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Milton struck out swinging . Freel singled to center . Freel caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Clayton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Milton pitching for Reds . Wilson singled to right . Sanchez walked , Wilson to second . Coffey pitching for Reds . Bay homered to left , Wilson and Sanchez scored . Nady grounded out to third . Paulino grounded out to third . Hernandez struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Davis hit for Maholm . Coffey pitching for Reds . Castillo struck out swinging . Davis grounded out to second . Torres pitching for Pirates . Bautista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Aurilia flied out to center . Ross struck out swinging . Franklin pitching for Reds . Phillips singled to center , Phillips out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Franklin pitching for Reds . Wilson singled to right . Sanchez doubled to deep right center , Wilson to third . Bay hit sacrifice fly to center , Wilson scored , Sanchez to third . Nady grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanchez out at home . Nady caught stealing second , catcher to second . Hollandsworth hit for Franklin . Paulino batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Hollandsworth grounded out to first . Freel singled to left center . Clayton doubled to deep right center , Freel to third , Freel scored on error by catcher Paulino . Griffey Jr intentionally walked . Encarnacion doubled to deep center , Clayton scored , Griffey Jr to third . Burnitz in right field . Dunn intentionally walked . Capps pitching for Pirates . Aurilia popped out to pitcher . Ross doubled to left , Griffey Jr , Encarnacion and Dunn scored . Ross to third on wild pitch by Capps . Phillips homered to center , Ross scored . Freel in center field . Weathers pitching for Reds . Hollandsworth in right field . Hollandsworth popped out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 8th . Weathers pitching for Reds . Paulino struck out looking . Hernandez flied out to center . Reames pitching for Pirates . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Reames pitching for Pirates . Freel flied out to center . Valentin hit for Weathers . Clayton lined out to center . Guardado pitching for Reds . Valentin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Guardado pitching for Reds . Burnitz struck out swinging . Bautista singled to center . Wilson singled to center , Bautista to second . Cormier pitching for Reds . Sanchez lined into double play , shortstop to second , Bautista doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 7 - Reds 14 .	Ross ' five RBI fuel Reds ' victory over Pirates