Rangers - Top 1st . Kopech pitching for White Sox . Calhoun struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa singled to left . Kiner - Falefa stole second . Gallo struck out looking . Lowe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Arihara pitching for Rangers . Anderson walked . Eaton lined into double play , third to first , Anderson doubled off first . Moncada walked . Abreu homered to left ( 416 feet ) , Moncada scored . Mercedes walked . Robert walked , Mercedes to second . Collins reached on infield single to first , Robert to second , Mercedes to third . García flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Kopech pitching for White Sox . García struck out swinging . Dahl homered to right ( 377 feet ) . Solak struck out swinging . Holt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Arihara pitching for Rangers . Madrigal singled to right , Madrigal safe at second on fielding error by right fielder Gallo . Anderson doubled to deep left center , Madrigal scored . Eaton tripled to center , Anderson scored . Moncada flied out to left . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to right , Eaton scored . Mercedes reached on infield single to third . Robert flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 3rd . Kopech pitching for White Sox . Heim struck out swinging . Calhoun grounded out to shortstop . Kiner - Falefa singled to right . Gallo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . de Geus pitching for Rangers . Collins walked . García singled to left center , Collins to second . García to second on wild pitch by de Geus , Collins to third on wild pitch by de Geus . Madrigal tripled to center , Collins scored and García scored . Anderson struck out looking . Eaton sacrificed to pitcher , Madrigal scored . Moncada walked . Abreu singled to shallow right , Moncada to second . Mercedes struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Kopech pitching for White Sox . Lowe struck out looking . García grounded out to shortstop . Dahl struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Robert struck out swinging . Collins reached on infield single to third . García grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Collins out at second . Madrigal safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Kiner - Falefa , Madrigal safe at second on error , García safe at third on error . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 5th . Kopech pitching for White Sox . Solak reached on infield single to shortstop . Holt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Solak out at second . Heim grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Holt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Eaton grounded out to shortstop . Moncada grounded out to pitcher . Abreu lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Stiever pitching for White Sox . Calhoun singled to left . Kiner - Falefa singled to left , Calhoun to second . Gallo singled to center , Kiner - Falefa to second , Calhoun to third . Lowe singled to left , Calhoun scored , Gallo to second , Kiner - Falefa to third . Crochet pitching for White Sox . García grounded out to third , Kiner - Falefa scored , Lowe to second , Gallo to third . Dahl popped out to shortstop . Solak reached on infield single to pitcher , Gallo scored , Lowe to third . Holt struck out looking . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Sborz pitching for Rangers . Mercedes fouled out to first . Robert grounded out to third . Collins singled to shallow right . García grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Crochet pitching for White Sox . Heim grounded out to third . Calhoun hit by pitch . Kiner - Falefa grounded into double play , third to second to first , Calhoun out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Sborz pitching for Rangers . Madrigal lined out to right . Anderson grounded out to third . Eaton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Crochet pitching for White Sox . Gallo singled to left center . Lowe grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gallo out at second . García singled to left center . Dahl walked , García to second . Solak lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Moncada struck out looking . Abreu grounded out to second . Mercedes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Holt grounded out to first . Heim struck out swinging . Calhoun walked . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - White Sox 8 .	Kopech dominant , fans 10 in 5 innings , White Sox sweep Texas