Mariners - Top 1st . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . Haniger grounded out to third . Lewis singled to center . Seager walked , Lewis to second . France flied into double play , center to second , Lewis doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Calhoun reached on infield single to second . Solak doubled to left , Calhoun scored . Lowe struck out looking . Gallo grounded out to second , Solak to third . García singled to right , Solak scored . García picked off first . Chris Flexen pitches to David Dahl . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . Crawford singled to center . Moore homered to left center ( 390 feet ) , Crawford scored . Murphy struck out looking . White flied out to right . Trammell fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Dahl grounded out to second . Kiner - Falefa singled to center . Culberson walked , Kiner - Falefa to second . Trevino grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Culberson out at second , Kiner - Falefa to third . Calhoun singled to left center , Kiner - Falefa scored , Trevino to second . Solak grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . Haniger popped out to third . Lewis grounded out to shortstop . Seager flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Lowe homered to center ( 451 feet ) . Gallo flied out to left . García singled to right . García picked off first . Dahl flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . France doubled to deep left . Crawford homered to right ( 376 feet ) , France scored . Moore flied out to left . Murphy lined out to left . White struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Kiner - Falefa lined out to shortstop . Culberson grounded out to third . Trevino grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . Trammell struck out swinging . Haniger grounded out to shortstop . Lewis singled to left . Seager flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Calhoun flied out to center . Solak reached on infield single to third . Lowe grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Solak out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . France flied out to right . Crawford hit by pitch . Crawford out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Moore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Gallo struck out swinging . García fouled out to left . Dahl grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . Murphy struck out looking . White flied out to right . Sborz pitching for Rangers . Trammell doubled to left . Haniger singled to left center , Trammell scored , Haniger to second . Lewis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to second . Culberson singled to right . Trevino singled to center , Culberson to third . Misiewicz pitching for Mariners . Calhoun grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Trevino out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Rodríguez pitching for Rangers . Seager struck out swinging . France grounded out to shortstop . Crawford singled to right . Moore walked , Crawford to second . Murphy reached first base on catcher 's interference , Murphy to first on error by catcher Trevino , Moore to second on error , Crawford to third on error . White grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Misiewicz pitching for Mariners . Solak singled to right . Lowe grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Solak out at second . Gallo bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Trammell grounded out to second . Haniger grounded out to third . Lewis doubled to left . Seager struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Graveman pitching for Mariners . García struck out swinging . Dahl doubled to deep center . Kiner - Falefa struck out swinging . Culberson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 5 - Rangers 4 .	Mariners rebound from being no - hit with 5 - 4 win at Rangers