Rangers - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Astros . Calhoun grounded out to pitcher . Solak grounded out to third . Lowe grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Benjamin pitching for Rangers . García struck out looking . Brantley grounded out to third . Bregman walked . Alvarez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Astros . García struck out swinging . Davis grounded out to third . Dahl grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Benjamin pitching for Rangers . Gurriel walked . Correa walked , Gurriel to second . Tucker singled to center , Gurriel scored , Correa to third . Straw singled to center , Correa scored , Tucker to second . Maldonado singled to left , Straw to second , Tucker to third . García struck out swinging . Brantley hit sacrifice fly to center , Tucker scored , Straw to third . de Geus pitching for Rangers . Bregman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Maldonado out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Astros . Kiner - Falefa doubled to left . Ibáñez grounded out to second , Kiner - Falefa to third . Trevino singled to right , Kiner - Falefa scored . Calhoun grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Trevino out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . de Geus pitching for Rangers . Alvarez singled to center . Gurriel reached on infield single to pitcher , Alvarez to second . Correa walked , Gurriel to second , Alvarez to third . Tucker singled to left , Alvarez scored , Correa to second , Gurriel to third . Straw walked , Gurriel scored , Tucker to second , Correa to third . Yang pitching for Rangers . Maldonado walked , Correa scored , Straw to second , Tucker to third . García grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tucker scored , Maldonado out at second , Straw to third . Brantley flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Astros . Solak doubled to deep left . Lowe grounded out to second , Solak to third . García walked . Davis hit sacrifice fly to right , Solak scored . Dahl grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Yang pitching for Rangers . Bregman flied out to center . Alvarez lined out to right . Gurriel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Astros . Kiner - Falefa singled to left . Ibáñez struck out swinging . Trevino singled to center , Kiner - Falefa to second . Calhoun struck out swinging . Solak flied out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Yang pitching for Rangers . Correa singled to right . Tucker flied out to left . Straw singled to deep right center , Correa scored on fielding error by center fielder García , Straw to second . Maldonado homered to left ( 359 feet ) , Straw scored . García grounded out to third . Brantley flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Astros . Lowe flied out to right . García singled to right . Davis struck out swinging . Dahl struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Yang pitching for Rangers . Bregman grounded out to shortstop . Alvarez flied out to center . Gurriel walked . Correa walked , Gurriel to second . Tucker safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Ibáñez , Correa to second , Gurriel to third . Straw flied out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Greinke pitching for Astros . Kiner - Falefa doubled to right . Ibáñez flied out to left , Kiner - Falefa to third . Trevino grounded out to third , Kiner - Falefa scored . Calhoun flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Maldonado struck out swinging . García singled to left . McCormick hit for Brantley . McCormick flied out to right . Bregman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . McCormick in left field . Emanuel pitching for Astros . Solak flied out to right . Lowe flied out to shortstop . García homered to left ( 374 feet ) . Davis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Díaz hit for Alvarez . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Díaz grounded out to third . Gurriel lined out to shortstop . Correa lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Díaz as designated hitter . Smith pitching for Astros . Dahl singled to center . Kiner - Falefa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dahl out at second . Ibáñez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kiner - Falefa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Astros 10 .	Maldonado homers , Greinke goes 7 as Astros rout Rangers 10 - 4