Twins - Top 1st . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . Arraez walked . Polanco singled to right , Arraez to second . Larnach walked , Polanco to second , Arraez to third . Cruz singled to right , Arraez scored , Larnach to second , Polanco to third . Kepler grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Polanco scored , Cruz out at second , Larnach to third . Larnach scored , Jeffers safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Foltynewicz , Kepler to second . Kirilloff grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Jeffers out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Berrios pitching for Twins . Kiner - Falefa singled to left . Lowe struck out swinging . García lined out to center . Gallo walked , Kiner - Falefa to second . Solak singled to shallow left , Kiner - Falefa scored , Gallo to second . Calhoun singled to left , Gallo scored , Solak to second . White grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Calhoun out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . Gordon lined out to right . Astudillo singled to right . Arraez lined out to center . Polanco lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Holt flied out to left . Trevino grounded out to second . Kiner - Falefa safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Polanco . Lowe hit by pitch , Kiner - Falefa to second . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 3rd . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . Larnach struck out swinging . Cruz struck out swinging . Kepler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Gallo struck out swinging . Solak flied out to left . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . Jeffers grounded out to third . Kirilloff doubled to deep center . Gordon reached on infield single to first , Kirilloff to third . Astudillo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Berrios pitching for Twins . White reached on infield single to third . Holt singled to left center , White to third . Trevino hit sacrifice fly to center , White scored , Holt to second . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to third . Lowe reached on infield single to catcher , Holt to third . García struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . Arraez struck out looking . Polanco flied out to center . Larnach homered to right ( 429 feet ) . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Gallo popped out to shortstop . Solak flied out to right . Calhoun popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Kepler popped out to shortstop . Jeffers struck out looking . Kirilloff grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Berrios pitching for Twins . White flied out to center . Holt struck out swinging . Trevino lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Patton pitching for Rangers . Gordon struck out swinging . Astudillo grounded out to shortstop . Arraez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Alcala pitching for Twins . Kiner - Falefa lined out to right . Lowe grounded out to second . García homered to right ( 365 feet ) . Gallo walked . Solak struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Rodríguez pitching for Rangers . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Larnach struck out swinging . Cruz singled to left center . Kepler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Calhoun fouled out to catcher . White struck out swinging . Culberson hit for Holt . Culberson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Culberson at third base . Kennedy pitching for Rangers . Jeffers singled to center . Kirilloff grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jeffers out at second , Kirilloff out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Gordon doubled to deep right . Astudillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Martin hit for Trevino . Robles pitching for Twins . Martin struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to first . Lowe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 10th . Heim catching . Sborz pitching for Rangers . Arraez tripled to deep center , Astudillo scored . Polanco walked . Larnach struck out swinging , Polanco stole second . Cruz intentionally walked . Kepler struck out swinging . Jeffers walked , Arraez scored , Cruz to second , Polanco to third . Evans pitching for Rangers . Kirilloff walked , Polanco scored , Jeffers to second , Cruz to third . Gordon struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 10th . Duffey pitching for Twins . García grounded out to first , Lowe to third . Gallo singled to center , Lowe scored . Solak singled to center , Gallo to second . Calhoun lined out to center , Gallo to third . White struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 7 - Rangers 5 .	Twins ' triple and 2 bases - loaded walks in 10th beat Texas