Tigers - Top 1st . Allard pitching for Rangers . Baddoo flied out to right . Schoop struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Peralta pitching for Tigers . White struck out swinging . Lowe grounded out to first . García grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Allard pitching for Rangers . Haase struck out looking . Candelario walked . Grossman flied out to right . Mazara flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Gallo struck out swinging . Heim lined out to left . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Allard pitching for Rangers . Castro singled to center . Short struck out swinging . Baddoo struck out looking . Schoop struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Dahl grounded out to third . Solak singled to left . Holt singled to center , Solak to third . White grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Holt to second , Solak out at home . Lowe grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Allard pitching for Rangers . Cabrera singled to right . Haase struck out swinging . Candelario hit by pitch , Cabrera to second . Grossman singled to right , Candelario to second , Cabrera to third . Mazara grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera scored , Grossman out at second , Candelario to third . Castro fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Peralta pitching for Tigers . García struck out swinging . Gallo grounded out to shortstop . Heim grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Allard pitching for Rangers . Short struck out looking . Baddoo struck out looking . Schoop struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Kiner - Falefa flied out to center . Dahl struck out swinging . Solak grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Allard pitching for Rangers . Cabrera singled to center . Haase flied out to center . Candelario doubled to deep left , Cabrera to third . Grossman walked . Cabrera scored and Candelario scored on throwing error by first baseman Lowe , Mazara safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Lowe , Grossman safe at third on error . Martin pitching for Rangers . Castro sacrificed to pitcher , Grossman scored , Mazara to second . Short homered to center ( 405 feet ) , Mazara scored . Baddoo grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Holt grounded out to first . White lined out to left . Lowe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Santana pitching for Rangers . Schoop lined out to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to left . Haase popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Peralta pitching for Tigers . García doubled to deep center . Gallo struck out swinging . Heim grounded out to shortstop , García to third . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Santana pitching for Rangers . Candelario doubled to left . Grossman walked . Mazara singled to center , Grossman to second , Candelario to third . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mazara to second , Grossman to third , Candelario out at home . Short hit sacrifice fly to center , Grossman scored . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Baddoo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Ramírez pitching for Tigers . Dahl singled to right . Solak grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dahl out at second . Holt popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . Haase safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Kiner - Falefa . Candelario popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Garcia pitching for Tigers . White struck out looking . Lowe reached on infield single to second . Lowe to second on wild pitch by Garcia . García struck out swinging . Lowe to third on fielder 's indifference . Gallo homered to left ( 384 feet ) , Lowe scored . Heim homered to right center ( 398 feet ) . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 7 - Rangers 3 .	Peralta 7 scoreless innings for Tigers in 7 - 3 win at Rangers