Mariners - Top 1st . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . Crawford lined out to center . Haniger struck out looking . Seager lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Kiner - Falefa lined out to right . Culberson singled to shallow right . García grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Culberson out at second . Lowe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , García out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . France hit by pitch . Toro singled to left , France to second . Kelenic walked , Toro to second , France to third . Raleigh flied out to right . Bauers singled to right , France scored , Kelenic to second , Toro to third . Moore walked , Toro scored , Bauers to second , Kelenic to third . Crawford lined into double play , second to shortstop , Bauers out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Ibáñez singled to center . Heim singled to right center , Ibáñez to second . White grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Heim out at second , Ibáñez to third . Dahl grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ibáñez scored , White out at second . Trevino popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . Haniger grounded out to third . Seager lined out to right . France grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Kiner - Falefa flied out to right . Culberson flied out to right . García lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . Toro doubled to deep right center , Toro out stretching at third . Kelenic walked . Raleigh grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kelenic out at second . Bauers flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Lowe struck out swinging . Ibáñez struck out looking . Heim flied out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers . Moore flied out to right . Crawford lined out to right . Haniger grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . White flied out to right . Dahl lined out to left . Trevino doubled to deep left . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Cotton pitching for Rangers . Seager walked . France struck out swinging . Toro hit ground rule double to deep right center , Seager to third . Kelenic grounded out to pitcher . Raleigh fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Culberson singled to center . García struck out swinging . Lowe struck out swinging . Ibáñez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Cotton pitching for Rangers . Bauers struck out swinging . Moore fouled out to first . Crawford walked . Haniger singled to deep center , Crawford to third . Seager reached on bunt single to third , Crawford scored , Haniger to second . Evans pitching for Rangers . France lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Sadler pitching for Mariners . Heim grounded out to first . White popped out to first . Dahl grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Evans pitching for Rangers . Toro popped out to third . Kelenic singled to left . Raleigh singled to right , Kelenic to second . Bauers singled to center , Raleigh to second , Kelenic to third . Moore struck out swinging . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Misiewicz pitching for Mariners . Trevino grounded out to shortstop . Kiner - Falefa reached on infield single to shortstop . Culberson reached on infield single to second , Kiner - Falefa hit by batted ball out at second . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Santana pitching for Rangers . Haniger grounded out to shortstop . Seager grounded out to second . France grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Swanson pitching for Mariners . Lowe singled to center . Ibáñez homered to left ( 379 feet ) , Lowe scored . Heim homered to right ( 405 feet ) . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Rangers 4 .	Heim hits walk - off HR again , Rangers rally past Mariners 4 - 3