Athletics - Top 1st . Dunning pitching for Rangers . Kemp lined out to center . Marte grounded out to third . Olson walked . Lowrie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Irvin pitching for Athletics . Kiner - Falefa singled to deep right . Culberson singled to center , Kiner - Falefa to second , Kiner - Falefa safe at third on fielding error by center fielder Marte . García grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Kiner - Falefa scored on error , Culberson to second , Culberson safe at third on fielding error by second baseman Lowrie . Lowe singled to center , Culberson scored , García to third . Peters hit sacrifice fly to center , García scored . Ibáñez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lowe out at second . Martin grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Dunning pitching for Rangers . Gomes struck out swinging . Moreland doubled to deep left . Chapman grounded out to shortstop . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Irvin pitching for Athletics . Pozo singled to left . Trevino grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Pozo out at second . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Dunning pitching for Rangers . Andrus grounded out to third . Kemp lined out to first . Marte popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Irvin pitching for Athletics . Culberson grounded out to pitcher . García struck out swinging . Lowe singled to left center . Peters lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Dunning pitching for Rangers . Olson grounded out to third . Lowrie grounded out to first . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Irvin pitching for Athletics . Ibáñez lined out to shortstop . Martin singled to left . Pozo struck out swinging . Trevino popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Dunning pitching for Rangers . Moreland fouled out to third . Chapman walked . Brown doubled to deep center , Chapman scored . Andrus grounded out to third . Kemp singled to right , Brown to third . Marte reached on infield single to third , Brown scored , Kemp to second . Santana pitching for Rangers . Olson walked , Marte to second , Kemp to third . Lowrie flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Irvin pitching for Athletics . Kiner - Falefa flied out to center . Culberson reached on infield single to pitcher . García popped out to second . Lowe walked , Culberson to second . Peters flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Rangers . Gomes singled to left . Moreland tripled to deep right , Gomes scored . Chapman singled to center , Moreland scored . Brown struck out swinging . Andrus grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Chapman out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Irvin pitching for Athletics . Ibáñez safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Andrus . Martin singled to center , Ibáñez to second . Romo pitching for Athletics . Pozo homered to left ( 396 feet ) , Ibáñez scored and Martin scored . Trevino fouled out to right . Kiner - Falefa flied out to center . Culberson walked . Culberson stole second . García flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 7th . Sborz pitching for Rangers . Kemp struck out looking . Marte lined out to left . Olson homered to right ( 387 feet ) . Lowrie grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Lowe walked . Peters homered to left ( 446 feet ) , Lowe scored . Ibáñez flied out to right . Martin grounded out to pitcher . Pozo fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Patton pitching for Rangers . Gomes struck out swinging . Moreland struck out swinging . Chapman walked . Brown doubled to deep right , Chapman scored , Brown thrown out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Guerra pitching for Athletics . Trevino grounded out to third . Kiner - Falefa singled to right . Culberson hit by pitch , Kiner - Falefa to second . García struck out swinging . Lowe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Barlow pitching for Rangers . Andrus fouled out to catcher . Kemp walked . Marte struck out swinging . Olson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Rangers 8 .	Pozo hits key HR in big - league debut , Rangers beat A 's 8 - 6