Rangers - Top 1st . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Hernández grounded out to first . Kiner - Falefa popped out to first . García reached on infield single to third . Lowe reached on infield single to shortstop , García to second . Peters grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Otto pitching for Rangers . Fletcher singled to left . Ohtani grounded out to second , Fletcher to second . Fletcher stole third . Gosselin singled to shallow left , Fletcher scored . Gosselin stole second . Walsh singled to shallow left , Gosselin scored . Walsh to second on wild pitch by Otto . Adell flied out to left . Marsh grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Heim grounded out to pitcher . Solak reached on infield single to catcher . Martin homered to right center ( 399 feet ) , Solak scored . Taveras struck out swinging . Hernández struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Otto pitching for Rangers . Stassi struck out looking . Mayfield lined out to shortstop . Lagares struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Kiner - Falefa walked . García grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kiner - Falefa out at second . Lowe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Otto pitching for Rangers . Fletcher singled to right . Ohtani grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Fletcher out at second . Gosselin fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Peters reached on infield single to shortstop . Heim flied out to right . Solak doubled to deep center , Peters to third . Martin struck out swinging . Taveras grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Otto pitching for Rangers . Walsh struck out swinging . Adell grounded out to shortstop . Marsh struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Hernández grounded out to second . Kiner - Falefa lined out to center . García struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Otto pitching for Rangers . Stassi popped out to shortstop . Mayfield walked . Lagares grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mayfield safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Kiner - Falefa . Fletcher grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lagares out at second , Mayfield to third . Santana pitching for Rangers . Ohtani flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 6th . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Lowe flied out to center . Peters struck out looking . Heim grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Santana pitching for Rangers . Gosselin struck out swinging . Walsh singled to center . Walsh out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Adell singled to shallow left . Marsh doubled to right , Adell to third . Stassi reached on infield single to shortstop , Adell scored , Marsh to third . Mayfield flied out to center . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Solak struck out swinging . Martin singled to right center . Taveras struck out looking . Hernández walked , Martin to second . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Cotton pitching for Rangers . Lagares bunt grounded out to catcher . Fletcher fouled out to catcher . Ohtani struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Cishek pitching for Angels . García walked . Lowe grounded into fielder 's choice to first , García out at second . Peters struck out swinging . Heim struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Cotton pitching for Rangers . Gosselin reached on infield single to catcher . Walsh flied out to center . Adell reached on infield single to shortstop , Gosselin to second . Marsh struck out swinging . Stassi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Adell out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Iglesias pitching for Angels . Solak singled to right . Martin flied out to left . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Solak out at second . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - Angels 3 .	Ohtani strikes out 8 on 117 pitches , Angels beat Rangers 3 - 2