Phillies - Top 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Victorino struck out swinging . Bruntlett grounded out to catcher . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Reyes walked . Pagan grounded out to pitcher , Reyes to second . Wright safe at first on error by second baseman Utley , Reyes scored . Beltran flied out to center . Delgado walked , Wright to second . Church walked , Wright to third , Delgado to second . Easley grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Howard struck out swinging . Burrell singled to center . Jenkins singled to right center , Burrell to second . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Burrell to third , Jenkins safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Reyes . Ruiz singled to right , Burrell scored , Jenkins to third , Feliz to second . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jenkins out at home , Feliz to third , Ruiz to second . Victorino grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Schneider walked . Pelfrey sacrificed to first , Schneider to second . Reyes grounded out to first , Schneider to third . Pagan walked . Wright walked , Pagan to second . Beltran grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Bruntlett grounded out to second . Utley struck out swinging . Howard singled to right center . Burrell fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Delgado doubled to deep left . Church singled to center , Delgado to third . Easley singled to left , Delgado scored , Church to second . Schneider lined out to first . Pelfrey grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Church to third , Easley safe at second on throwing error by catcher Ruiz . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Church scored , Easley to third , Pelfrey safe at second on error by shortstop Bruntlett . Pagan doubled to left , Easley and Pelfrey scored , Reyes to third . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Wright safe at first on error by shortstop Bruntlett , Reyes scored , Pagan to third . Pagan scored , Wright to second on wild pitch by Durbin . Beltran walked . Delgado lined out to right . Church struck out looking . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 3 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Jenkins grounded out to first . Feliz walked . Ruiz grounded into double play , second to first , Feliz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Easley flied out to left . Schneider grounded out to first . Pelfrey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Durbin grounded out to shortstop . Victorino grounded out to first . Bruntlett walked . Utley doubled to deep left center , Bruntlett scored . Howard grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Reyes popped out to shortstop . Pagan grounded out to shortstop . Wright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Sosa pitching for Mets . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . Jenkins grounded out to first . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Beltran struck out swinging . Delgado flied out to center . Church grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Sosa pitching for Mets . Ruiz fouled out to first . Dobbs hit for Durbin . Dobbs struck out swinging . Victorino flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Easley walked . Schneider singled to right , Easley to second . Anderson hit for Sosa . Anderson flied out to center , Easley to third . Reyes grounded into double play , first to second to first , Easley scored , Schneider out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Bruntlett singled to center . Utley flied out to left . Howard struck out swinging . Burrell singled to right , Bruntlett to second . Werth hit for Jenkins . Werth walked , Bruntlett to third , Burrell to second . Feliz popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Werth in right field . Seanez pitching for Phillies . Pagan walked . Wright lined out to shortstop . Beltran flied out to right . Delgado flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Muniz pitching for Mets . Ruiz struck out swinging . Coste hit for Seanez . Coste doubled to deep left . Victorino grounded out to second , Coste to third . Bruntlett popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 2 - Mets 8 .	Pelfrey , Mets drop Phils