Phillies - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Victorino doubled to deep left center . Bruntlett hit by pitch . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bruntlett out at second , Victorino to third . Howard hit sacrifice fly to center , Victorino scored . Burrell struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Young struck out looking . Byrnes flied out to right . Hudson singled to right , Hudson advanced to second on play . Jackson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Jenkins singled to center . Feliz struck out swinging . Ruiz struck out looking . Moyer singled to left , Jenkins to second . Victorino grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Upton singled to center . Reynolds flied out to center . Snyder grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Upton out at second . Drew tripled to deep right center , Snyder scored . Scherzer grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Bruntlett flied out to center . Utley doubled to right . Howard walked . Burrell struck out swinging . Jenkins singled to center , Utley scored , Howard to second . Howard to third on wild pitch by Scherzer . Feliz safe at first on error by shortstop Drew , Howard scored , Jenkins to second . Ruiz singled to center , Jenkins scored , Feliz to second . Moyer doubled to left , Feliz scored , Ruiz to third . Victorino popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Young grounded out to third . Byrnes grounded out to first . Hudson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Bruntlett grounded out to second . Utley walked . Howard struck out swinging . Burrell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Jackson flied out to right . Upton struck out looking . Reynolds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Ed Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Jenkins grounded out to first . Feliz singled to left . Ruiz popped out to catcher . Moyer fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Snyder fouled out to third . Drew struck out swinging . Ed Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Victorino singled to right . Bruntlett reached on infield single to shortstop , Victorino to second . Utley flied out to center . Howard flied out to left . Burrell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Victorino out at third , Bruntlett to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Young singled to center . Byrnes singled to left , Young to second . Hudson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Byrnes out at second , Young to third . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Jenkins singled to center . Feliz flied out to center . Ruiz singled to shallow right , Jenkins to third . Moyer sacrificed to pitcher , Ruiz to second . Victorino intentionally walked . Bruntlett tripled to deep right center , Jenkins , Ruiz and Victorino scored . Utley walked . Howard singled to right , Bruntlett scored , Utley to second . Burrell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Howard out at second , Utley to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Taguchi in left field . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Upton flied out to center . Reynolds flied out to center . Snyder homered to left . Drew struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Burke at second base . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Jenkins grounded out to first . Feliz doubled to deep center . Ruiz reached on infield single to third , Feliz to third . Dobbs hit for Moyer . Dobbs hit sacrifice fly to center , Feliz scored . Victorino fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Burke grounded out to shortstop . Young singled to left . Byrnes lined out to shortstop . Salazar hit for Medders . Medders batting . Salazar hit for Medders . Salazar batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Salazar in left field . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Hammock catching . Bruntlett lined out to center . Utley doubled to deep center . Howard grounded out to second , Utley to third . Taguchi safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds , Utley scored . Jenkins grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Montero hit for Jackson . Montero singled to right . Upton singled to center , Montero to second . Reynolds singled to right , Montero to third , Upton to second , Montero scored , Upton to third on error by right fielder Jenkins . Hammock grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Upton out at home , Reynolds to second . Drew singled to left , Reynolds to third , Hammock to second . Burke grounded out to second , Reynolds scored , Hammock to third , Drew to second . Young grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Phillies 11 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Crafty Moyer leads Phils past Scherzer , D - backs