Phillies - Top 1st . Chico pitching for Nationals . Rollins flied out to left . Victorino doubled to left . Utley lined out to second . Howard doubled to deep left center , Victorino scored . Burrell walked . Werth flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman singled to center . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Chico pitching for Nationals . Feliz homered to left center . Coste flied out to left . Moyer lined out to second . Rollins doubled to left . Victorino grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Milledge singled to right . Flores singled to left , Milledge to second . Milledge stole third . Pena flied out to center . Dukes struck out looking . Chico struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Chico pitching for Nationals . Utley singled to center . Howard flied out to left . Utley stole second . Burrell flied out to center , Utley to third . Werth flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Lopez hit ground rule double to deep center . Guzman grounded out to pitcher . Zimmerman grounded out to third . Young walked . Milledge flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Chico pitching for Nationals . Feliz grounded out to third . Coste grounded out to shortstop . Moyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Flores doubled to deep left . Pena singled to left , Flores to third . Dukes struck out swinging . Chico sacrificed to third , Pena to second . Lopez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Chico pitching for Nationals . Rollins struck out swinging . Victorino homered to left . Utley struck out swinging . Howard homered to center . Burrell struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Guzman flied out to right . Zimmerman flied out to center . Young flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Werth struck out swinging . Feliz singled to center . Coste reached on infield single to third , Feliz to second . Feliz to third , Coste to second on wild pitch by Colome . Moyer walked . Rollins singled to right , Feliz scored , Coste to third , Moyer to second . Victorino singled to right , Coste scored , Moyer to third , Rollins to second , Moyer and Rollins scored , Victorino to third on error by first baseman Young . Utley doubled to deep right , Victorino scored . Schroder pitching for Nationals . Howard homered to right center , Utley scored . Burrell flied out to right . Werth walked . Feliz singled to left , Werth to second . Coste singled to right , Werth scored , Feliz to third . Moyer struck out swinging . 8 Runs , 8 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Milledge singled to left . Flores grounded into double play , third to second to first , Milledge out at second . Pena lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Schroder pitching for Nationals . Rollins struck out swinging . Victorino walked . Bruntlett hit for Utley . Bruntlett walked , Victorino to second . Howard walked , Victorino to third , Bruntlett to second . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Mackowiak in left field . Burrell struck out swinging . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Howard out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Bruntlett at second base . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Taguchi in left field . Dukes singled to center . Mackowiak grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Dukes out at second . Lopez doubled to deep left , Mackowiak to third . Harris hit for Guzman . Harris flied out to left . Zimmerman reached on infield single to second , Mackowiak scored , Lopez to third . Young singled to center , Lopez scored , Zimmerman to second . Milledge struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Harris at shortstop . Boone at third base . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Feliz grounded out to third . Coste flied out to right . Taguchi walked . Rollins popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Flores reached on infield single to third . Hanrahan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Flores out at second . Dukes grounded into double play , second to first , Hanrahan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Victorino popped out to third . Bruntlett flied out to center . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Mackowiak grounded out to pitcher . Lopez struck out swinging . Harris grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 12 - Nationals 2 .	Howard goes deep twice as Phils destroy Nats