Rockies - Top 1st . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Taveras singled to right center . Herrera struck out swinging . Helton walked , Taveras to second . Taveras stole third . Spilborghs homered to center , Taveras and Helton scored . Baker safe at first on error by first baseman Howard . Smith flied out to left . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Baker out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Rollins walked . Victorino walked , Rollins to second . Rollins to third , Victorino to second on balk by De La Rosa . Utley homered to right center , Rollins and Victorino scored . Howard flied out to center . Burrell popped out to shortstop . Feliz struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Quintanilla lined out to second . De La Rosa grounded out to second . Taveras lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Coste struck out swinging . Taguchi flied out to center . Moyer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Helton singled to center . Spilborghs doubled to deep left , Helton to third . Baker hit sacrifice fly to left , Helton scored . Smith fouled out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Rollins grounded out to second . Victorino walked . Victorino stole second . Utley safe at first on error by second baseman Herrera , Victorino to third . Howard hit sacrifice fly to right , Victorino scored . Utley stole second . Burrell flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 4th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Torrealba singled to left . Quintanilla popped out to shortstop . De La Rosa sacrificed to first , Torrealba to second . Taveras struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Feliz doubled to left . Coste hit ground rule double to right , Feliz scored . Taguchi doubled to deep left , Coste scored . Moyer sacrificed to third , Taguchi to third . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Rollins singled to center , Taguchi scored . Victorino singled to right , Rollins to third . Utley grounded out to first , Rollins scored , Victorino to second . Howard walked . Burrell walked , Victorino to third , Howard to second . Feliz singled to center , Victorino and Howard scored , Burrell to second . Coste flied out to right . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Herrera struck out looking . Helton grounded out to second . Spilborghs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Taguchi doubled to deep right center . Moyer sacrificed to first , Taguchi to third . Rollins struck out looking . Victorino hit by pitch . Utley popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Baker struck out swinging . Smith struck out swinging . Torrealba flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Newman pitching for Rockies . Howard walked . Burrell struck out looking . Feliz singled to center , Howard to second . Coste homered to left , Howard and Feliz scored . Taguchi singled to left . Moyer walked , Taguchi to second . Rollins lined out to left . Victorino hit by pitch , Taguchi to third , Moyer to second . Utley singled to right , Taguchi scored , Moyer to third , Victorino to second . Arias pitching for Rockies . Howard singled to right center , Moyer and Victorino scored , Utley to third . Howard to second on wild pitch by Arias . Burrell grounded out to third . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Bruntlett at shortstop . Bohn in left field . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Quintanilla struck out swinging . Arias grounded out to pitcher . Taveras singled to left . Herrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Taveras out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Stewart at third base . Baker at first base . Iannetta catching . Arias pitching for Rockies . Feliz grounded out to third . Coste flied out to left . Taguchi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Dobbs in right field . Stewart struck out swinging . Spilborghs flied out to left . Baker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Herges pitching for Rockies . Dobbs hit ground rule double to deep center . Bruntlett reached on infield single to third , Dobbs to third . Victorino popped out to shortstop . Utley singled to center , Dobbs scored , Bruntlett to second . Howard walked , Bruntlett to third , Utley to second . Bohn reached on infield single to second , Bruntlett scored , Utley to third , Howard to second . Feliz singled to left , Utley and Howard scored , Bohn to second . Coste singled to left , Bohn to third , Feliz to second . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Condrey struck out looking . Dobbs struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Smith struck out looking . Iannetta lined out to right . Quintanilla doubled to deep left center . Sullivan hit for Corpas . Sullivan singled to right center , Quintanilla scored . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sullivan out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Phillies 20 .	Utley 's 6 RBIs help Phils rip Rockies 20 - 5