Phillies - Top 1st . Campillo pitching for Braves . Rollins popped out to shortstop . Victorino singled to center . Utley singled to right , Victorino to second . Howard doubled to deep right , Victorino scored , Utley to third . Burrell intentionally walked . Jenkins grounded out to first , Utley scored , Howard to third , Burrell to second . Dobbs flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Anderson grounded out to second . Blanco flied out to left . Escobar doubled to deep center . Teixeira homered to center , Escobar scored . Johnson grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Campillo pitching for Braves . Coste flied out to left . Eaton grounded out to pitcher . Rollins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Francoeur singled to center . Infante walked , Francoeur to second . Miller struck out swinging . Campillo sacrificed to first , Francoeur to third , Infante to second . Anderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Campillo pitching for Braves . Victorino reached on bunt single to second . Victorino stole second . Utley flied out to center . Howard doubled to deep left , Victorino scored . Howard out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Burrell struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Blanco hit by pitch . Escobar singled to left , Blanco to second . Teixeira grounded out to first , Blanco to third , Escobar to second . Johnson walked . Francoeur grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Campillo pitching for Braves . Jenkins grounded out to second . Dobbs singled to center . Coste singled to left , Dobbs to second . Eaton struck out swinging . Rollins walked , Dobbs to third , Coste to second . Victorino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Infante singled to left . Miller grounded out to pitcher , Infante to second . Campillo singled to right , Infante to third . Anderson singled to shallow center , Infante scored , Campillo to second . Blanco grounded out to first , Campillo to third , Anderson to second . Escobar struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Campillo pitching for Braves . Utley flied out to right . Howard grounded out to second . Burrell popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Teixeira singled to right . Johnson flied out to center . Francoeur flied out to right . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Campillo pitching for Braves . Jenkins flied out to left . Dobbs walked . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Dobbs to second on wild pitch by Carlyle . Coste grounded out to shortstop , Dobbs to third . Eaton walked . Rollins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Miller grounded out to second . Norton hit for Carlyle . Norton grounded out to second . Anderson fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Ohman pitching for Braves . Victorino flied out to left . Utley flied out to right . Howard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Blanco walked . Escobar struck out looking . Teixeira reached on infield single to shortstop , Blanco to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blanco out at third , Teixeira to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Ohman pitching for Braves . Burrell struck out looking . Werth hit for Jenkins . Werth grounded out to second . Feliz hit for Dobbs . Feliz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Werth in right field . Feliz at third base . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Infante flied out to right . Gotay hit for Miller . Gotay flied out to right . McCann hit for Ohman . McCann reached on infield single to second . Anderson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Boyer pitching for Braves . McCann catching . Coste fouled out to first . Bruntlett hit for Durbin . Bruntlett singled to right . Rollins singled to right center , Bruntlett to second . Victorino singled to center , Bruntlett scored , Rollins to second , Rollins to third , Victorino to second advancing on throw . Utley intentionally walked . Howard doubled to deep left , Rollins and Victorino scored , Utley to third . Acosta pitching for Braves . Burrell intentionally walked . Taguchi ran for Burrell . Werth lined into double play , second to shortstop , Howard doubled off second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Lidge pitching for Phillies . Bruntlett in left field . Blanco grounded out to third . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 6 - Braves 3 .	Howard pushes Phillies past Braves