Phillies - Top 1st . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Rollins struck out swinging . Victorino grounded out to second . Utley homered to right . Howard homered to left . Burrell homered to left . Jenkins popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Schumaker popped out to third . Kennedy reached on infield single to first . Ludwick grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kennedy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Feliz singled to center . Feliz to second on wild pitch by Wellemeyer . Ruiz doubled to deep left , Feliz scored . Kendrick struck out bunting foul . Rollins walked . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rollins out at second , Ruiz to third . Utley flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Ankiel grounded out to second . Glaus singled to center . Duncan singled to right , Glaus to second . Molina flied out to left . Wellemeyer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Howard struck out swinging . Burrell walked . Jenkins lined out to center . Feliz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Izturis lined out to second . Schumaker homered to right . Kennedy struck out swinging . Ludwick fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Ruiz grounded out to second . Kendrick hit ground rule double to deep left . Rollins walked . Victorino singled to right , Kendrick to third , Rollins to second . Utley singled to center , Kendrick and Rollins scored , Victorino to second . Villone pitching for Cardinals . Howard singled to center , Victorino scored , Utley to second . Burrell walked , Utley to third , Howard to second . Jenkins hit sacrifice fly to left , Utley scored . Feliz walked , Howard to third , Burrell to second . Ruiz hit ground rule double to deep right center , Howard and Burrell scored , Feliz to third . Kendrick singled to center , Feliz scored , Ruiz scored , Kendrick to second on throwing error by center fielder Ankiel . Rollins walked . Victorino doubled to deep left , Kendrick scored , Rollins to third . Utley walked . Howard struck out swinging . 9 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Ankiel doubled to deep center . Glaus flied out to center . Duncan popped out to shortstop . Molina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Villone pitching for Cardinals . Burrell walked . Jenkins popped out to shortstop . Feliz doubled to deep center , Burrell scored . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop , Feliz to third . Kendrick struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Ryan hit for Villone . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Ryan flied out to right . Izturis flied out to center . Schumaker singled to center . Kennedy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Ryan at shortstop . Worrell pitching for Cardinals . Rollins grounded out to second . Victorino singled to right . Bruntlett hit for Utley . Bruntlett singled to center , Victorino to second . Howard homered to right , Victorino and Bruntlett scored . Taguchi hit for Burrell . Taguchi struck out swinging . Jenkins popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Bruntlett at second base . Taguchi in left field . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Ludwick safe at first on error by third baseman Feliz . Ankiel walked , Ludwick to second . Glaus singled to left , Ludwick scored , Ankiel to second . Mather ran for Glaus . Duncan lined out to center . Molina reached on infield single to shortstop , Ankiel to third , Mather to second . Ryan fouled out to first . Worrell lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . Mather at third base . LaRue catching . Worrell pitching for Cardinals . Feliz grounded out to second . Ruiz singled to center . Kendrick struck out swinging . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Schumaker grounded out to pitcher . Kennedy lined out to left . Ludwick popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Victorino grounded out to second . Bruntlett struck out swinging . Howard hit by pitch . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi singled to center , Howard to second . Jenkins doubled to deep center , Howard and Taguchi scored . Feliz reached on infield single to third , Jenkins to third . Ruiz singled to center , Jenkins scored , Feliz to second . Dobbs hit for Kendrick . Dobbs flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Seanez pitching for Phillies . Ankiel struck out swinging . Mather singled to left . Duncan struck out swinging . LaRue walked , Mather to second . Ryan popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Miles pitching for Cardinals . Rollins flied out to left . Victorino fouled out to catcher . Bruntlett grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Miles safe at first on error by second baseman Bruntlett . Schumaker singled to left , Miles to second . Kennedy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Schumaker out at second , Miles to third . Ludwick struck out swinging . Ankiel flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Phillies 20 - Cardinals 2 .	Three straight HRs ignite Phils ' 20 - run rout