Mets - Top 1st . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Reyes singled to right . Reyes stole second . Chavez reached on bunt single to third , Reyes to third . Wright grounded out to second , Reyes scored , Chavez to second . Beltran grounded out to first , Chavez to third . Easley singled to right , Chavez scored . Delgado grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Martinez pitching for Mets . Rollins grounded out to second . Victorino grounded out to third . Utley fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Tatis singled to left . Schneider grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tatis out at second . Martinez struck out swinging . Reyes walked , Schneider to second . Chavez singled to right center , Schneider scored , Reyes to third . Wright doubled to left , Reyes and Chavez scored . Beltran popped out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Martinez pitching for Mets . Howard singled to center . Burrell struck out looking . Dobbs struck out swinging . Werth walked , Howard to second . Coste grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Easley grounded out to third . Delgado doubled to right . Tatis singled to left , Delgado to third . Schneider grounded out to shortstop , Delgado scored , Tatis to second . Martinez safe at first on error by third baseman Dobbs , Tatis scored . Reyes reached on infield single to second , Martinez to second . Chavez singled to center , Martinez scored , Reyes to second . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Wright flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Martinez pitching for Mets . Condrey struck out swinging . Rollins flied out to left . Victorino grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Beltran grounded out to pitcher . Easley singled to right . Delgado singled to right , Easley to second . Tatis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Easley out at third , Delgado to second . Schneider grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Delgado out at third , Tatis to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Martinez pitching for Mets . Utley homered to right . Howard walked . Burrell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Howard out at second . Dobbs grounded out to first , Burrell to second . Werth walked . Coste struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Martinez grounded out to catcher . Reyes grounded out to second . Chavez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Taguchi hit for Condrey . Martinez pitching for Mets . Taguchi struck out looking . Rollins singled to center . Victorino flied out to center . Rollins stole second . Utley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Swindle pitching for Phillies . Wright homered to left . Beltran singled to left . Easley singled to left , Beltran to second . Delgado struck out swinging . Tatis walked , Beltran to third , Easley to second . Schneider popped out to shortstop . Martinez singled to center , Beltran scored , Easley to third , Tatis to second , Easley thrown out at home attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Martinez pitching for Mets . Howard fouled out to third . Burrell homered to left . Dobbs doubled to deep right . Armas pitching for Mets . Werth struck out swinging . Coste struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Bruntlett at second base . Swindle pitching for Phillies . Reyes lined out to third . Chavez flied out to center . Wright struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Armas pitching for Mets . Swindle grounded out to first . Rollins singled to right . Rollins to second on wild pitch by Armas . Victorino doubled to right , Rollins scored . Bruntlett grounded out to shortstop , Victorino to third . Howard homered to right , Victorino scored . Heilman pitching for Mets . Burrell struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Swindle pitching for Phillies . Beltran flied out to left . Easley popped out to second . Delgado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Heilman pitching for Mets . Dobbs struck out swinging . Werth singled to right . Coste struck out looking . Jenkins hit for Swindle . Jenkins homered to right , Werth scored . Rollins struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Romero pitching for Phillies . Tatis singled to left , Tatis thrown out at second . Schneider struck out swinging . Reyes hit for Heilman . Reyes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Wagner pitching for Mets . Victorino doubled to left . Bruntlett walked . Howard struck out swinging . Burrell flied out to right . Feliz hit for Dobbs . Feliz singled to center , Victorino scored , Bruntlett to third , Bruntlett scored , Feliz to second on throwing error by center fielder Beltran . Werth flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Mets 10 - Phillies 9 .	Mets almost blow 9 - run lead , hold off Phils