Braves - Top 1st . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Blanco fouled out to third . Escobar walked . Teixeira grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Hampton pitching for Braves . Rollins singled to center . Victorino flied out to left . Utley lined out to center . Rollins caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Howard batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . McCann singled to right center . Infante flied out to left . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCann out at second . Prado grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Howard walked . Burrell doubled to left , Howard to third . Werth grounded out to third . Bruntlett intentionally walked . Coste singled to center , Howard and Burrell scored , Bruntlett to second . Hamels sacrificed to pitcher , Bruntlett to third , Coste to second . Rollins grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Kotsay fouled out to catcher . Hampton struck out swinging . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Victorino tripled to deep right center . Utley hit sacrifice fly to right , Victorino scored . Howard struck out swinging . Burrell grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Escobar walked . Teixeira singled to center , Escobar to second . McCann walked , Escobar to third , Teixeira to second . Infante doubled to left , Escobar and Teixeira scored , McCann to third . Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to left , McCann scored . Prado safe at first on error by second baseman Utley , Infante to third . Kotsay singled to right , Infante scored , Prado to second . Hampton grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Prado scored on throwing error by pitcher Hamels , Kotsay safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Hamels . Blanco reached on bunt single to second , Kotsay scored , Hampton to second . Escobar flied out to right . Teixeira homered to left center , Hampton and Blanco scored . Seanez pitching for Phillies . McCann popped out to second . 9 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Werth grounded out to pitcher . Bruntlett grounded out to second . Coste doubled to deep left . Taguchi hit for Seanez . Taguchi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Infante flied out to center . Francoeur reached on infield single to shortstop . Prado flied out to right . Kotsay singled to shallow left , Francoeur tagged out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Rollins singled to right . Victorino reached on infield single to shortstop , Rollins to second . Utley singled to left , Rollins to third , Victorino to second . Ring pitching for Braves . Howard singled to center , Rollins and Victorino scored , Utley to third . Boyer pitching for Braves . Johnson at second base . Burrell hit sacrifice fly to center , Utley scored . Werth singled to center , Howard to second . Bruntlett flied out to center . Coste singled to right , Howard scored , Werth to third . Dobbs hit for Eaton . Dobbs homered to right , Werth and Coste scored . Rollins bunt grounded out to pitcher . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Johnson walked . Blanco flied out to left . Escobar walked , Johnson to second . Teixeira struck out looking . McCann walked , Johnson to third , Escobar to second . Infante flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Ohman pitching for Braves . Victorino struck out looking . Utley grounded out to second . Howard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Francoeur struck out swinging . Norton hit for Ohman . Norton singled to right center . Kotsay walked , Norton to second . Johnson flied out to right , Norton to third . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kotsay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Soriano pitching for Braves . Burrell struck out swinging . Werth struck out swinging . Bruntlett popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Escobar singled to right . Romero pitching for Phillies . Teixeira flied out to center . McCann grounded out to second , Escobar to second . Infante struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Tavarez pitching for Braves . Coste grounded out to shortstop . Jenkins hit for Romero . Jenkins walked . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jenkins out at second . Victorino lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Lidge pitching for Phillies . Werth in left field . Jenkins in right field . Ruiz catching . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Gotay hit for Tavarez . Gotay popped out to third . Kotsay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 9 - Phillies 10 .	Phillies ' 7 - run rally ruins Hampton 's return