Expos - Top 1st. Chavez singled to center. Cabrera popped out to shallow right. Vidro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chavez out at second. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vidro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Day pitching for Expos. Perez bunt grounded out to pitcher. Aurilia reached on bunt single to third. Bonds flied out to left. Cruz popped out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 2nd. Wilkerson doubled to right center. Cordero flied out to right. Tatis grounded out to first, Wilkerson to third. Barrett intentionally walked. Day grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Day pitching for Expos. Santiago popped out to second. Snow flied out to shallow left. Alfonzo popped out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 3rd. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to third. Vidro singled to center. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vidro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Day pitching for Expos. Grissom lined out to shortstop. Moss singled to center. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Moss out at second. Aurilia doubled to left, Perez to third. Bonds intentionally walked. Cruz popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 4th. Wilkerson walked. Cordero flied out to right. Tatis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilkerson out at second. Barrett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Day pitching for Expos. Santiago singled to shallow left center. Snow flied out to deep left. Alfonzo singled to right, Santiago to second. Grissom singled to center, Santiago scored, Alfonzo to second, Alfonzo to third, Grissom to second on throwing error by center fielder Chavez. Moss struck out swinging. Perez flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 5th. Day grounded out to third. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to shallow left. Vidro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Day pitching for Expos. Aurilia walked. Bonds grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Aurilia out at second. Cruz doubled to deep center. Cruz stole third. Santiago grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 6th. Guerrero flied out to right. Wilkerson grounded out to second. Cordero flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Day pitching for Expos. Snow singled to left. Alfonzo flied out to shallow center. Grissom grounded out to third, Snow to second advancing on play. Moss grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 7th. Tatis grounded out to third. Carroll hit for Day. Barrett singled to right. Carroll singled to right, Barrett to third. Chavez grounded out to pitcher, Carroll to second. Cabrera walked. Nathan pitching for Giants. Tucker pitching for Expos. Vidro doubled to right, Barrett, Cabrera and Carroll scored, Vidro tagged out at third attempting to advance on throw. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Perez flied out to shallow left. Aurilia struck out swinging. Bonds walked. Cruz safe at first on error by second baseman Vidro, Bonds to second. Santiago singled to right, Bonds to third, Cruz to second. Eischen pitching for Expos. Galarraga hit for Snow. Galarraga at first base. Galarraga singled to right, Bonds scored, Cruz thrown out at home, Santiago to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 8th. Nathan pitching for Giants. Guerrero fouled out to first. Wilkerson singled to left. Cordero fouled out to right. Ayala pitching for Expos. Tatis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Ayala pitching for Expos. Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop. Feliz hit for Nathan. Grissom grounded out to second. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 9th. Macias hit for Ayala. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Barrett walked. Macias struck out swinging. Chavez reached on infield single to third, Barrett to second. Barrett to third, Chavez to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left, Barrett scored, Chavez to third. Vidro walked. Vidro to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Biddle pitching for Expos. Guerrero flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Biddle pitching for Expos. Perez bunt popped out to catcher. Aurilia doubled to left. Bonds doubled to deep right center, Aurilia scored. Ellison ran for Bonds. Cruz struck out swinging. Ellison to third on passed ball by Barrett. Santiago struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Expos 4 - Giants 3.	Vidro and Expos send Giants' Moss to first loss