Rangers - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Young flied out to right. Blalock singled to center. Rodriguez singled to right, Blalock to second. Palmeiro walked, Blalock to third, Rodriguez to second. Gonzalez doubled to left, Blalock and Rodriguez scored, Palmeiro tagged out at third. Everett grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Chavez singled to center. Cabrera singled to center, Chavez to second. Vidro singled to left, Chavez scored, Cabrera to second. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Cordero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vidro out at second, Cabrera to third. Calloway walked, Cordero to second. Tatis walked, Cabrera scored, Cordero to third, Calloway to second. Schneider doubled to right, Cordero, Calloway and Tatis scored, Schneider to third advancing on throw. Schneider thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Teixeira homered to left center. Diaz struck out swinging. Lewis struck out swinging. Young struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Hernandez singled to left. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hernandez out at second. Chavez stole second. Cabrera flied out to center. Vidro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Blalock grounded out to second. Rodriguez flied out to center. Palmeiro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Wilkerson doubled to right. Cordero grounded out to shortstop, Wilkerson to third. Calloway struck out swinging. Tatis walked. Schneider walked, Tatis to second. Hernandez singled to center, Wilkerson and Tatis scored, Schneider to second. Chavez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Gonzalez singled to center. Everett struck out swinging, Gonzalez stole second. Teixeira singled to right, Gonzalez to third. Diaz popped out to first. Mench hit for Lewis. Powell pitching for Rangers. Mench flied out to deep right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 4th. Powell pitching for Rangers. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Vidro singled to right. Wilkerson struck out looking. Cordero grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vidro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Young grounded out to shortstop. Blalock struck out swinging. Rodriguez walked. Rodriguez stole second. Palmeiro singled to right. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 5th. Powell pitching for Rangers. Calloway struck out swinging. Tatis walked. Schneider homered to right, Tatis scored. Hernandez struck out looking. Chavez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Everett singled to right. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to second, Everett out at second. Re Garcia pitching for Rangers. Diaz flied into double play, center to shortstop to first, Teixeira doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 6th. Garcia pitching for Rangers. Cabrera singled to left. Vidro walked, Cabrera to second. Wilkerson singled to right center, Cabrera scored, Vidro to third. Cordero hit sacrifice fly to right, Vidro scored, Wilkerson to second. Calloway homered to left center, Wilkerson scored. Tatis struck out swinging. Schneider struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Sadler hit for Re Garcia. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Sadler walked. Young grounded out to second, Sadler to second. Sadler to third on wild pitch by Hernandez. Blalock grounded out to second, Sadler scored. Rodriguez singled to right center. Sadler in center field. Ro Garcia pitching for Rangers. Teixeira at first base. Everett in left field. Mateo hit for Hernandez. Palmeiro struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 7th. Garcia pitching for Rangers. Mateo grounded out to shortstop. Chavez struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left. Mateo at second base. Tucker pitching for Expos. Vidro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Everett homered to right. Teixeira grounded out to second. Diaz grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 8th. Garcia pitching for Rangers. Wilkerson walked. Cordero flied out to center. Calloway struck out swinging. Tatis flied out to deep left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Sadler doubled to deep left. Young doubled to left center, Sadler scored. Blalock homered to left, Young scored. Ayala pitching for Expos. Lamb hit for Ro Garcia. Rodriguez doubled to right. Lamb grounded out to second, Rodriguez to third. Gonzalez grounded out to third, Rodriguez scored. Everett grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 10 - Expos 13.	Schneider leads Expos with career-high 5 RBI