Expos - Top 1st. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Chavez doubled to right center. Wilkerson reached on infield single to first, Chavez to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. Vidro walked, Wilkerson to second. Calloway doubled to right center, Chavez and Wilkerson scored, Vidro to third. Cordero flied out to right. Guzman grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Ohka pitching for Expos. Furcal bunt grounded out to pitcher. Giles flied out to right center. Sheffield grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Barrett homered to left center. Ohka struck out looking. Chavez flied out to shallow left. Wilkerson walked. Cabrera fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Ohka pitching for Expos. Jones grounded out to second. Jones homered to left. Fick flied out to left. Lopez doubled to center. Lopez to third on wild pitch by Ohka. Castilla flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Vidro struck out swinging. Calloway grounded out to shortstop. Cordero homered to left. Guzman walked. Barrett struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Ohka pitching for Expos. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. Giles singled to right center. Sheffield reached on infield single to third, Giles to second. Jones lined out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 4th. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Ohka struck out looking. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Wilkerson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Ohka pitching for Expos. Jones singled to center. Fick doubled to right center, Jones scored. Lopez grounded out to shortstop, Fick to third. Castilla grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fick out at home. Ortiz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Castilla safe at second on error by second baseman Vidro. Furcal singled to right, Castilla to third, Ortiz to second, Castilla scored, Ortiz to third, Furcal to second on error by right fielder Calloway. Giles grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Expos - Top 5th. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Cabrera popped out to second. Vidro walked. Calloway grounded into fielder's choice to first, Vidro out at second. Cordero lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Ohka pitching for Expos. Sheffield walked. Jones grounded into double play, second to first to second to first to shortstop to second, Sheffield out at second. Jones lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 6th. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Guzman grounded out to first. Barrett flied out to right center. Ohka struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Ohka pitching for Expos. Fick singled to right. Lopez singled to left, Fick to second. Franco hit for Ortiz. Castilla sacrificed to first, Fick to third, Lopez to second. Franco singled to right, Fick scored, Lopez to third. Tucker pitching for Expos. Furcal grounded out to second, Lopez scored, Franco to second. Bragg ran for Franco. Giles walked. Sheffield walked, Bragg to third, Giles to second. Jones singled to right center, Bragg and Giles scored, Sheffield to second. Eischen pitching for Expos. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop, Sheffield to third, Jones to second. King pitching for Braves. Fick struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 7th. King pitching for Braves. Chavez safe at second on error by left fielder Jones. Wilkerson struck out looking. Chavez stole third. Cabrera doubled to left center, Chavez scored. Holmes pitching for Braves. Vidro grounded out to second, Cabrera to third. Calloway singled to right, Cabrera scored, Calloway to second on error by right fielder Sheffield. Cordero flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Eischen pitching for Expos. Lopez struck out swinging. Derosa hit for Holmes. Castilla struck out swinging. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Derosa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Guzman grounded out to third. Macias hit for Eischen. Barrett grounded out to shortstop. Macias safe at first on error by shortstop Furcal. Manon pitching for Expos. Chavez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 8th. Manon pitching for Expos. Furcal flied out to left. Giles flied out to deep left. Sheffield singled to left. Jones walked, Sheffield to second. Jones singled to center, Sheffield scored, Jones to second. Stewart pitching for Expos. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Fick lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 9th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Wilkerson struck out looking. Cabrera flied out to center. Vidro reached on infield single to shortstop. Calloway fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Expos 6 - Braves 8.	Jones stays red-hot in Braves' win over Expos