Braves - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for Expos. Furcal singled to center. Giles struck out swinging. Sheffield singled to left, Furcal to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to first, Sheffield out at second, Furcal to third. Fick popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 1st. Hampton pitching for Braves. Carroll walked. Macias grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Carroll out at second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Expos. Lopez singled to center. Castilla hit by pitch, Lopez to second. Bragg grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castilla out at second, Lopez to third. Hampton popped out to shortstop. Furcal grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 2nd. Hampton pitching for Braves. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Cordero flied out to left. Wilkerson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Expos. Giles singled to left. Sheffield flied out to deep left center. Jones popped out to second. Giles stole second. Fick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 3rd. Hampton pitching for Braves. Vitiello flied out to shallow center. Schneider doubled to deep left. Vazquez reached on infield single to shortstop. Carroll grounded out to shortstop, Schneider to third, Vazquez to second. Macias singled to left, Schneider scored, Vazquez to third. Cabrera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Vazquez pitching for Expos. Lopez safe at first on error by third baseman Macias. Castilla struck out swinging. Bragg reached on infield single to shortstop, Lopez to second. Hampton bunt popped out foul to catcher. Furcal doubled to right, Lopez and Bragg scored. Giles singled to right, Furcal scored. Sheffield flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Expos - Bottom 4th. Hampton pitching for Braves. Guerrero homered to left. Cordero walked. Wilkerson singled to left, Cordero to second. Vitiello grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilkerson out at second, Cordero to third, Cordero scored on error by first baseman Fick. Schneider grounded into fielder's choice to first, Vitiello out at second. Vazquez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 5th. Vazquez pitching for Expos. Jones flied out to right. Fick grounded out to shortstop. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 5th. Hampton pitching for Braves. Carroll struck out looking. Macias grounded out to second. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Vazquez pitching for Expos. Castilla singled to center. Bragg reached on infield single to first, Castilla to second. Hampton sacrificed to pitcher, Castilla to third, Bragg to second, Hampton safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Vazquez. Furcal reached on infield single to second, Castilla scored, Bragg to third, Hampton to second. Giles homered to left, Bragg, Hampton and Furcal scored. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to first. Fick doubled to right center. Fick to third on wild pitch by Vazquez. Lopez walked. Almonte pitching for Expos. Castilla struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Expos - Bottom 6th. Hampton pitching for Braves. Guerrero homered to right. Cordero struck out swinging. Wilkerson flied out to left. Vitiello singled to center. Vidro hit for Almonte. Schneider doubled to right, Vitiello scored. Eischen pitching for Expos. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Eischen pitching for Expos. Bragg walked. Hampton out on batter's interference to pitcher. Hampton batting. Holmes pitching for Braves. Furcal grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bragg out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 7th. Holmes pitching for Braves. Carroll singled to right. Macias grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carroll out at second. Cabrera singled to left. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Eischen pitching for Expos. Giles homered to center. Sheffield grounded out to third. Jones walked. Fick flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 8th. Cordero continues to bat after dropped foul ball by third baseman Castilla. Holmes pitching for Braves. Cordero grounded out to third. Wilkerson popped out to second. Biddle pitching for Expos. Wilkerson in left field. Chavez in center field. Vitiello struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 9th. Biddle pitching for Expos. Lopez homered to left. Castilla grounded out to second. Franco hit for Holmes. Bragg struck out swinging. Franco walked. Marquis pitching for Braves. Furcal grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 9th. Marquis pitching for Braves. Schneider grounded out to first. Calloway hit for Carroll. Chavez walked. Calloway walked, Chavez to second. Macias singled to center, Chavez to third, Calloway to second. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Cabrera singled to right center, Chavez and Calloway scored, Macias to third. Guerrero singled to center, Macias scored, Cabrera to second. Cordero grounded into double play, third to second to first, Guerrero out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 10 - Expos 8.	Red-hot Giles powers Braves past Expos