Marlins - Top 1st. Ohka pitching for Expos. Pierre singled to right center. Castillo sacrificed to pitcher, Pierre to second, Castillo safe at first on error by pitcher Ohka. Rodriguez singled to right, Pierre to third, Castillo to second. Conine grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierre and Castillo scored on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera, Rodriguez to third, Conine to second advancing on play. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Lee homered to right, Rodriguez and Conine scored. Cabrera hit by pitch. Gonzalez safe at first on error by third baseman Zeile, Cabrera to second. Penny bunt popped out to catcher. Pierre flied out to center. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 3 Errors. Expos - Bottom 1st. Penny pitching for Marlins. Wilkerson flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Vidro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Ohka pitching for Expos. Castillo singled to center. Rodriguez lined out to right. Conine popped out to second. Encarnacion doubled to left, Castillo to third. Lee intentionally walked. Cabrera doubled to right center, Castillo, Encarnacion and Lee scored, Cabrera to third advancing on throw. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Penny struck out swinging, Penny safe at first on wild pitch by Ohka, Cabrera scored, Gonzalez to third. Pierre flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 2nd. Calloway hit for Guerrero. Penny pitching for Marlins. Calloway struck out swinging. Cordero singled to right center. Zeile singled to right, Cordero to second. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zeile out at second, Cordero to third. Calloway in right field. Chavez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Carroll at shortstop. Vitiello at first base. Mercedes pitching for Expos. Castillo popped out to shallow left. Rodriguez flied out to right center. Conine walked. Conine to second on wild pitch by Mercedes. Encarnacion walked. Mordecai at second base. Lee struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 3rd. Penny pitching for Marlins. Vitiello struck out swinging. Wilkerson grounded out to first. Carroll grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Mercedes pitching for Expos. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Penny popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 4th. Penny pitching for Marlins. Mateo lined out to shortstop. Eischen hit for Mercedes. Calloway singled to right. Eischen singled to center, Calloway to second. Eischen pitching for Expos. Zeile grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Eischen out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Eischen pitching for Expos. Pierre flied out to center. Mordecai reached on infield single to third. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mordecai out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 5th. Penny pitching for Marlins. Guzman popped out to shallow left. Chavez fouled out to third. Almonte pitching for Expos. Vitiello grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Almonte pitching for Expos. Conine singled to center. Encarnacion singled to left center, Conine to second. Lee struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Encarnacion out at second, Conine to third. Conine scored, Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Almonte. Williams in left field. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 6th. Penny pitching for Marlins. Wilkerson singled to right. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilkerson out at second. Mateo reached on infield single to second, Carroll to second, Carroll to third on error by second baseman Mordecai. Macias hit for Almonte. Calloway singled to left, Carroll scored, Mateo to second. Macias singled to center, Mateo scored, Calloway to second. Zeile flied out to right. Stewart pitching for Expos. Castro hit for Penny. Guzman struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 7th. Stewart pitching for Expos. Castro homered to left. Pierre singled to left. Redmond hit for Rodriguez. Mordecai fouled out to third. Redmond struck out swinging. Williams doubled to deep center, Pierre scored. Castro catching. Fox pitching for Marlins. Encarnacion grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 7th. Fox pitching for Marlins. Chavez doubled to left. Vitiello singled to center, Chavez scored. Vitiello to second on wild pitch by Fox. Wilkerson reached on infield single to second, Vitiello to third. Carroll hit sacrifice fly to right, Vitiello scored. Mateo struck out swinging. Darensbourg pitching for Expos. Calloway flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Darensbourg pitching for Expos. Lee flied out to right. Cabrera doubled to left center. Gonzalez walked. Castro struck out looking. Pierre grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 8th. Fox pitching for Marlins. Macias grounded out to second. Zeile flied out to left. Cordero pitching for Expos. Guzman fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Fox hit for Fox. Cordero pitching for Expos. Mordecai struck out swinging. Harris hit for Williams. Fox grounded out to first. Harris walked. Encarnacion homered to left, Harris scored. Banks hit for Lee. Harris in left field. Banks at first base. Looper pitching for Marlins. Banks grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 9th. Looper pitching for Marlins. Chavez fouled out to catcher. Schneider hit for Cordero. Vitiello grounded out to shortstop. Schneider struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 14 - Expos 4.	Florida 14, Montreal 4