Royals - Top 1st . Batista pitching for Mariners . DeJesus singled to right . Grudzielanek singled to center , DeJesus to second . Teahen struck out swinging . DeJesus to third , Grudzielanek to second on wild pitch by Batista . Butler hit sacrifice fly to center , DeJesus scored . Guillen grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Bale pitching for Royals . Suzuki doubled to deep right . Suzuki stole third . Lopez hit sacrifice fly to left , Suzuki scored . Ibanez struck out looking . Beltre flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Gordon singled to right . Gload flied out to center . Buck grounded out to third , Gordon to second . Pena lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Bale pitching for Royals . Vidro hit ground rule double to deep right . Sexson walked . Johjima flied out to center . Bloomquist singled to right , Vidro scored , Sexson to third . Betancourt hit sacrifice fly to center , Sexson scored . Bloomquist caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Suzuki batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Batista pitching for Mariners . DeJesus flied out to left . Grudzielanek lined out to left . Teahen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Bale pitching for Royals . Suzuki singled to left . Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Bale . Lopez fouled out to right , Suzuki to third . Ibanez singled to center , Suzuki scored . Beltre singled to right , Ibanez to second . Vidro struck out looking . Sexson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Butler walked . Guillen doubled to left , Butler to third . Gordon grounded out to first , Butler scored , Guillen to third . Gload singled to center , Guillen scored . Buck singled to center , Gload to third . Buck caught stealing second , catcher to second . Pena reached on infield single to third , Gload scored . Pena stole second . DeJesus walked . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Bale pitching for Royals . Johjima singled to center . Nomo pitching for Royals . Bloomquist singled to right , Johjima to second . Betancourt doubled to left center , Johjima scored , Bloomquist to third . Suzuki struck out swinging . Lopez hit sacrifice fly to right , Bloomquist scored , Betancourt to third . Ibanez flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Teahen grounded out to second . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Nomo pitching for Royals . Beltre doubled to deep left . Vidro walked . Beltre stole third . Sexson walked , Vidro to second . Mahay pitching for Royals . Johjima doubled to left , Beltre and Vidro scored , Sexson to third . Bloomquist walked . Betancourt hit sacrifice fly to right , Sexson scored , Johjima to third . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johjima out at home , Bloomquist to third . Lopez singled to center , Bloomquist scored , Suzuki to third . Ibanez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Gordon flied out to center . Gload grounded out to second . Buck walked . Pena doubled to deep left center , Buck scored . DeJesus singled to right , Pena scored . Grudzielanek singled to left , DeJesus to third . Teahen grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Yabuta pitching for Royals . Beltre grounded out to third . Vidro struck out swinging . Sexson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Green pitching for Mariners . Butler grounded out to third . Guillen grounded out to third . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Yabuta pitching for Royals . Johjima doubled to left . Bloomquist walked . Betancourt popped out to second . Gobble pitching for Royals . Suzuki walked , Johjima to third , Bloomquist to second . Lopez hit sacrifice fly to left , Johjima scored , Bloomquist to third . Ibanez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Green pitching for Mariners . Gload grounded out to second . Buck struck out swinging . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Gathright in center field . Soria pitching for Royals . Beltre struck out swinging . Vidro grounded out to second . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Cairo at first base . Rhodes pitching for Mariners . Gathright lined out to shortstop . Grudzielanek singled to left . Teahen singled to right , Grudzielanek to second . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Butler grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Teahen out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Mariners 11 .	Unsung players shine for M 's in win over Royals