Mariners - Top 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Suzuki grounded out to third . Cairo struck out swinging . Ibanez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Damon doubled to deep right center . Jeter grounded out to second , Damon to third . Abreu singled to center , Damon scored . Abreu stole second . Matsui struck out looking . Giambi grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Beltre grounded out to second . Clement struck out swinging . Sexson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Cabrera lined out to center . Cano grounded out to shortstop . Ensberg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Johjima reached on infield single to pitcher . Balentien grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Johjima out at second . Betancourt singled to right . Betancourt stole second . Suzuki singled to right center , Betancourt scored . Suzuki stole second . Cairo grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Molina grounded out to second . Damon doubled to deep left center . Jeter doubled to deep right center , Damon scored . Abreu grounded out to third . Matsui singled to left , Jeter scored , Matsui to second on throwing error by left fielder Ibanez . Giambi walked . Cabrera singled to center , Matsui scored , Giambi to second , Giambi to third , Cabrera to second on error by center fielder Suzuki . Cano intentionally walked . Ensberg flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Ibanez singled to center . Beltre lined out to left . Clement singled to right , Ibanez to second . Sexson grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Clement out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Molina walked . Damon struck out looking . Jeter singled to center , Molina to second . Abreu singled to center , Molina to third , Jeter to second . Matsui flied out to center . Giambi grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Johjima flied out to left . Balentien singled to left center . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Balentien out at second . Suzuki singled to left , Betancourt to second . Cairo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Cabrera grounded out to second . Cano lined out to center . Ensberg flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Ibanez struck out swinging . Beltre safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Ensberg . Clement struck out swinging . Sexson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Molina singled to right . Damon homered to right , Molina scored . Jeter singled to right . Abreu grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Jeter out at second . Matsui singled to center . Baek pitching for Mariners . Giambi flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Hawkins pitching for Yankees . Johjima singled to left . Balentien grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johjima out at second , Balentien to second on throwing error by shortstop Jeter . Betancourt grounded out to third . Suzuki lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Cabrera batting . Cano batting . Ensberg batting . Molina lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Ramirez pitching for Yankees . Cairo flied out to right . Ibanez walked . Beltre walked , Ibanez to second . Clement struck out swinging . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltre out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Damon popped out to shortstop . Jeter lined out to right . Abreu walked . Matsui flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Veras pitching for Yankees . Johjima grounded out to third . Balentien grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 1 - Yankees 6 .	Moose stifles M 's ; Yanks batter King Felix