Mariners - Top 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Suzuki struck out looking . Lopez singled to right center . Vidro singled to right , Lopez to second . Ibanez flied out to center . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lopez out at third , Vidro to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Silva pitching for Mariners . Damon grounded out to shortstop . Jeter grounded out to third . Abreu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Reed grounded out to shortstop . Sexson struck out swinging . Johjima lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Silva pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez singled to center . Matsui hit ground rule double to deep left center , Rodriguez to third . Giambi homered to left center , Rodriguez and Matsui scored . Cano doubled to deep left center . Molina grounded out to second , Cano to third . Cabrera singled to shallow left , Cano scored . Damon singled to center , Cabrera to second . Jeter flied out to right , Cabrera to third . Abreu fouled out to catcher . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Betancourt doubled to right . Suzuki lined out to left . Lopez singled to right , Betancourt to third . Vidro homered to right , Betancourt and Lopez scored . Ibanez grounded out to first . Beltre homered to right . Reed walked . Sexson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Silva pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Matsui singled to center . Giambi doubled to deep right center , Matsui to third . Cano intentionally walked . Molina flied out to center . Cabrera singled to center , Matsui scored , Giambi to third , Cano to second . Damon popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Johjima grounded out to third . Betancourt lined out to third . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Jeter grounded out to first . Abreu grounded out to second . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Lopez doubled to left . Vidro grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez struck out looking . Beltre popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Matsui grounded out to first . Giambi popped out to third . Cano doubled to right . Molina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Reed grounded out to pitcher . Sexson struck out swinging . Johjima struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Cabrera lined out to center . Damon grounded out to pitcher . Jeter safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez . Abreu homered to left , Jeter scored . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Betancourt singled to right . Suzuki flied out to left . Lopez grounded out to third , Betancourt to second . Vidro walked . Ibanez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Rhodes pitching for Mariners . Matsui walked . Giambi singled to shallow left center , Matsui to second . Cano doubled to left , Matsui scored , Giambi to third . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Molina singled to left , Giambi scored , Cano to third . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cano out at home , Molina to second . Damon safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre , Molina to third , Cabrera to second . Jeter flied out to right . Abreu hit ground rule double to deep center , Molina and Cabrera scored , Damon to third . Rodriguez walked . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez ran for Rodriguez . Matsui walked , Damon scored , Abreu to third , Gonzalez to second . Ensberg hit for Giambi . Ensberg struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . Gonzalez at shortstop . Ensberg at third base . Duncan at first base . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Beltre grounded out to second . Reed singled to left . Reed to second on balk by Farnsworth . Sexson homered to left , Reed scored . Johjima fouled out to catcher . Betancourt reached on infield single to second . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop , Betancourt to second . Lopez lined out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Cano singled to left . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cano out at second . Cabrera fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Veras pitching for Yankees . Vidro grounded out to third . Ibanez popped out to second . Beltre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 6 - Yankees 12 .	Mussina blows lead vs. M 's , Joba steps up