Angels - Top 1st . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Willits safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre . Izturis grounded out to first , Willits to second . Kendrick flied out to center , Willits to third . Hunter doubled to deep left center , Willits scored . Anderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Suzuki struck out swinging . Lopez flied out to right . Vidro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Matthews flied out to center . Kotchman walked . Quinlan singled to right , Kotchman to second . Kotchman to third , Quinlan to second on wild pitch by Bedard . Mathis walked . Willits popped out to second . Izturis singled to center , Kotchman and Quinlan scored , Mathis to second . Kendrick grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Ibanez grounded out to second . Beltre grounded out to third . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Hunter flied out to right . Anderson fouled out to third . Matthews singled to left . Kotchman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Balentien flied out to center . Burke fouled out to third . Betancourt doubled to deep left . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Quinlan doubled to left center . Mathis walked . Willits sacrificed to pitcher , Quinlan to third , Mathis to second . Izturis singled to right , Quinlan scored , Mathis to third . Kendrick singled to shallow right , Mathis scored , Izturis to second . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Hunter struck out swinging . Anderson struck out swinging , Anderson safe at first on wild pitch by Dickey , Izturis to third , Kendrick to second . Matthews lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Lopez homered to left . Vidro popped out to second . Ibanez walked . Beltre struck out swinging . Sexson flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Kotchman grounded out to pitcher . Quinlan singled to center . Quinlan caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Mathis walked . Willits struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Balentien struck out swinging . Burke fouled out to first . Betancourt doubled to deep left . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop , Betancourt to third . Lopez safe at first on error by second baseman Kendrick , Betancourt scored , Suzuki to second . Vidro singled to right center , Suzuki scored , Lopez to third . Ibanez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Quinlan , Lopez scored , Vidro to second . Beltre struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Izturis flied out to center . Kendrick grounded out to third . Hunter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Sexson struck out looking . Balentien flied out to right . Burke singled to right . Betancourt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Anderson grounded out to second . Matthews singled to center . Matthews to second on wild pitch by Dickey . Kotchman grounded out to first , Matthews to third . Quinlan lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Wood at third base . Saunders pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to catcher . Lopez grounded out to third . Vidro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Mathis struck out swinging . Willits struck out swinging . Izturis struck out swinging , Izturis safe at first on passed ball by Burke . Izturis caught stealing second , catcher to second . Kendrick batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Ibanez popped out to third . Beltre flied out to right . Sexson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Kendrick flied out to right . Hunter singled to center . Hunter caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Reed hit for Balentien . Reed struck out swinging . Cairo hit for Burke . Cairo struck out swinging . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 5 - Mariners 4 .	Halos ' Saunders beats M 's for AL - best ninth win