Nationals - Top 1st . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Guzman grounded out to third . Dukes grounded out to third . Milledge singled to right . Milledge stole second . Young singled to left , Milledge scored . Flores singled to center , Young to second . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at third , Flores to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Hill pitching for Nationals . Suzuki doubled to deep right center . Lopez walked . Vidro grounded out to second , Suzuki to third , Lopez to second . Ibanez grounded out to first , Suzuki scored , Lopez to third . Beltre lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Lopez singled to left center . Pena singled to right center , Lopez to second . Harris walked , Lopez to third , Pena to second . Guzman popped out to second . Dukes singled to right , Lopez scored , Pena to third , Harris to second . Milledge struck out swinging . Young walked , Pena scored , Harris to third , Dukes to second . Flores doubled to deep left , Harris and Dukes scored , Young to third . Belliard singled to center , Young and Flores scored , Belliard to second advancing on throw . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Lopez grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Hill pitching for Nationals . Sexson struck out looking . Johjima singled to left . Balentien singled to left , Johjima to second . Betancourt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Balentien out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Pena flied out to center . Harris walked . Guzman flied out to center . Harris stole second . Dukes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Hill pitching for Nationals . Suzuki singled to right . Lopez singled to left , Suzuki to second . Vidro singled to left , Suzuki scored , Lopez to second . Ibanez singled to left center , Lopez to third , Vidro to second . Beltre singled to left , Lopez scored , Vidro to third , Ibanez to second . Sexson struck out looking . Johjima grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Beltre out at second . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Milledge grounded out to second . Young struck out swinging . Flores flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Hill pitching for Nationals . Balentien struck out swinging . Betancourt singled to center . Suzuki lined out to left . Lopez singled to right , Betancourt to second . Vidro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Belliard walked . Lopez popped out to catcher . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Belliard out at second . Harris grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Hill pitching for Nationals . Ibanez safe at first on error by third baseman Belliard . Beltre hit ground rule double to deep center , Ibanez to third . Sexson lined out to pitcher . Johjima doubled to deep right , Ibanez and Beltre scored . Balentien grounded out to third . Betancourt grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Green pitching for Mariners . Guzman reached on infield single to second . Dukes struck out swinging . Milledge singled to left , Guzman to second . Young struck out looking . Flores struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Lopez grounded out to second . Vidro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Green pitching for Mariners . Belliard walked . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Belliard out at second . Lopez to second on wild pitch by Green . Pena struck out swinging . Harris grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Ibanez grounded out to first . Beltre grounded out to second . Sexson walked . Johjima struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Guzman grounded out to third . Dukes flied out to right . Milledge struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Balentien popped out to second . Betancourt doubled to deep center . Suzuki singled to left , Betancourt to third . Suzuki stole second . Lopez hit sacrifice fly to left , Betancourt scored . Vidro flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Young struck out swinging . Flores lined out to second . Belliard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Langerhans in left field . Belliard at first base . Harris at third base . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Ibanez struck out swinging . Beltre flied out to left . Sexson singled to center . Bloomquist ran for Sexson . Johjima flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 7 - Mariners 6 .	Flores , Belliard boost Nats past bumbling Mariners\n\n