Rangers - Top 1st . Jimenez pitching for Mariners . Laird struck out swinging . Duran grounded out to second . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Suzuki reached on infield single to third . Suzuki stole second , Suzuki safe at third on throwing error by catcher Teagarden . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop , Suzuki scored . Ibanez flied out to left . Lopez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Mariners . Hamilton walked . Byrd singled to center , Hamilton to second . Blalock struck out looking . Hamilton caught stealing third , catcher to third , Byrd to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Cruz walked . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Reed doubled to left . Balentien walked . Tuiasosopo hit by pitch , Reed to third , Balentien to second . Johjima singled to center , Reed and Balentien scored , Tuiasosopo to third . Cairo flied out to center . Suzuki lined into double play , to third , Tuiasosopo doubled off third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Mariners . Teagarden flied out to center . Laird popped out to third . Duran flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Betancourt walked . Ibanez doubled to deep center , Betancourt scored . Lopez grounded out to second , Ibanez to third . Reed popped out to third . Balentien popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Mariners . Young grounded out to pitcher . Hamilton flied out to right . Byrd flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Tuiasosopo singled to center . Johjima flied out to right . Cairo popped out to second . Suzuki singled to left , Tuiasosopo to second . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Mariners . Blalock walked . Cruz homered to center , Blalock scored . Davis singled to left center . Teagarden homered to right , Davis scored . Messenger pitching for Mariners . Laird reached on bunt single to catcher . Laird caught stealing second , catcher to second . Duran flied out to center . Young grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Ibanez doubled to first . Lopez grounded out to second , Ibanez to third . Reed safe at first on error by first baseman Blalock , Ibanez scored . Balentien singled to left , Reed to third . Tuiasosopo singled to right , Reed scored , Balentien to second . Johjima lined out to right . Cairo struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 6th . Messenger pitching for Mariners . Hamilton walked . Byrd grounded out to pitcher , Hamilton to second . Woods pitching for Mariners . Blalock homered to right , Hamilton scored . Corcoran pitching for Mariners . Cruz lined out to left . Davis grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to right . Betancourt singled to center , Suzuki to second . Loe pitching for Rangers . Ibanez singled to right , Suzuki scored , Betancourt to third . Lopez struck out swinging . Reed grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Betancourt out at home , Ibanez to third , Reed to second . Balentien intentionally walked . Tuiasosopo grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Corcoran pitching for Mariners . Teagarden doubled to deep center . Laird walked . Duran sacrificed to catcher , Teagarden to third , Laird to second . Young struck out swinging . Hamilton intentionally walked . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Johjima popped out to second . Cairo struck out swinging . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Betancourt singled to right , Suzuki to second . Ibanez singled to center , Suzuki scored , Betancourt to third . Lopez struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Blalock grounded out to first . Cruz struck out looking . Davis homered to right . Teagarden struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Reed grounded out to third . Balentien flied out to center . Tuiasosopo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Laird grounded out to second . Vazquez hit for Duran . Vazquez grounded out to third . Young struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 7 - Mariners 8 .	Rangers ' loss to Mariners hands AL West title to Angels