Angels - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Figgins struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to third . Teixeira singled to center . Guerrero grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt singled to right . Ibanez flied out to center . Lopez doubled to deep left center , Betancourt scored . Reed grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hunter doubled to deep center . Morales grounded out to second , Hunter to third . Aybar singled to center , Hunter scored . Napoli singled to center , Aybar to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging , Napoli stole second , Aybar scored on passed ball . Figgins flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for Angels . Balentien grounded out to third . LaHair singled to right . Johjima singled to right , LaHair to second . Cairo singled to left , LaHair scored , Johjima to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johjima out at third , Cairo to second . Betancourt singled to left , Cairo thrown out at home , Suzuki to second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira singled to left . Guerrero struck out swinging . Hunter reached on infield single to second , Teixeira to second . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for Angels . Ibanez grounded out to second . Lopez singled to left center . Reed grounded out to pitcher , Lopez to second . Balentien struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . Napoli reached on infield single to third . Rodriguez singled to left , Napoli to second . Figgins flied out to left . Anderson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for Angels . LaHair flied out to center . Johjima singled to center . Cairo struck out looking . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johjima out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Teixeira fouled out to third . Guerrero singled to center . Hunter walked , Guerrero to second . Morales grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hunter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Garland pitching for Angels . Betancourt doubled to deep left center . Ibanez walked . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ibanez out at second , Betancourt to third , Betancourt scored on throwing error by shortstop Aybar . Lopez to second on wild pitch by Garland . Reed doubled to center , Lopez scored . Balentien popped out to first . LaHair singled to right , Reed scored . Johjima lined out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Aybar hit ground rule double to deep left . Napoli walked . Rodriguez doubled to deep center , Aybar and Napoli scored . Figgins singled to right , Rodriguez to third . Anderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez scored , Figgins out at second . Teixeira doubled to right . Guerrero intentionally walked . Hunter flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Cairo grounded out to third . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Morales struck out swinging . Aybar grounded out to first . Napoli doubled to deep left . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Ibanez struck out looking . Lopez grounded out to second . Reed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Figgins flied out to center . Anderson grounded out to second . Teixeira homered to right . Guerrero singled to left center . Hunter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Willits in right field . Shields pitching for Angels . Balentien grounded out to shortstop . LaHair walked . Valbuena ran for LaHair . Johjima hit by pitch , Valbuena to second . Johnson ran for Johjima . Cairo walked , Valbuena to third , Johnson to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . Betancourt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Lopez at first base . Valbuena at second base . Johnson catching . Messenger pitching for Mariners . Willits struck out looking . Aybar grounded out to first . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Ibanez struck out swinging . Lopez flied out to center . Reed singled to left . Hulett hit for Balentien . Hulett flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 6 - Mariners 5 .	Angels , Teixeira send Mariners to their 100th loss