Angels - Top 1st. Maurer pitching for Mariners. Bourjos struck out looking. Trout struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Richards pitching for Angels. Chavez singled to center. Seager flied out to center. Morales grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Maurer pitching for Mariners. Hamilton grounded out to pitcher. Trumbo reached on infield single to third. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Trumbo out at second. Harris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Richards pitching for Angels. Smoak struck out swinging. Ackley flied out to left. Shoppach popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Maurer pitching for Mariners. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. Jimenez flied out to left. Bourjos singled to center. Trout lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Richards pitching for Angels. Peguero homered to center (440 feet). Bay singled to right. Andino flied out to right. Chavez singled to right, Bay to second. Seager singled to center, Bay scored, Chavez to second. Morales grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Seager out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Maurer pitching for Mariners. Pujols grounded out to pitcher. Hamilton singled to right. Trumbo flied out to center. Kendrick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Richards pitching for Angels. Smoak lined out to pitcher. Ackley grounded out to third. Shoppach struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Maurer pitching for Mariners. Harris struck out looking. Iannetta walked. Jimenez singled to center, Iannetta to second. Bourjos grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jimenez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Richards pitching for Angels. Peguero grounded out to second. Bay flied out to left. Andino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Maurer pitching for Mariners. Trout singled to left center. Trout caught stealing second, catcher to second. Pujols singled to center. Hamilton grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Richards pitching for Angels. Chavez struck out swinging. Seager singled to center. Morales struck out swinging. Seager caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Maurer pitching for Mariners. Trumbo struck out swinging. Kendrick singled to right. Harris hit by pitch, Kendrick to second. Capps pitching for Mariners. Iannetta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harris out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Richards pitching for Angels. Smoak walked. Ackley singled to right, Smoak to second. Shoppach sacrificed to first, Smoak to third, Ackley to second. Peguero intentionally walked. Bay singled to left, Smoak and Ackley scored, Peguero to second. Andino grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bay out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Capps pitching for Mariners. Jimenez struck out swinging. Bourjos fouled out to third. Trout flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Richards pitching for Angels. Chavez reached on infield single to pitcher. Maronde pitching for Angels. Seager homered to right (381 feet), Chavez scored. Morales singled to center. Smoak grounded into double play, third to second to first, Morales out at second. Ackley struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Pujols grounded out to third. Hamilton grounded out to second. Trumbo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 0 - Mariners 6.	Peguero's first-at-bat homer keys Mariners