Angels - Top 1st. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Trout flied out to center. Shuck reached on infield single to second. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Shuck out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Angels. McLouth singled to right. Machado doubled to left, McLouth to third. Markakis grounded out to first, McLouth scored, Machado to third. Jones grounded out to shortstop, Machado scored. Davis flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Hamilton flied out to center. Kendrick popped out to second. Callaspo popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Angels. Hardy reached on infield single to second. Dickerson popped out to shortstop. Flaherty popped out to shortstop. Teagarden struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Hawpe struck out swinging. Conger homered to right (413 feet). Aybar singled to right. Trout lined into double play, to first, Aybar doubled off first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Angels. McLouth singled to left center. Machado popped out to second. McLouth caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Markakis singled to right. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Shuck grounded out to shortstop. Pujols flied out to left. Hamilton singled to center. Kendrick doubled to deep right center, Hamilton scored. Callaspo flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Angels. Davis homered to center (430 feet). Hardy grounded out to pitcher. Dickerson struck out looking. Flaherty grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Hawpe walked. Conger grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hawpe out at second. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to first, Conger out at second. Trout fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Angels. Teagarden grounded out to third. McLouth grounded out to second. Machado singled to right. Markakis lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Shuck flied out to left. Pujols singled to center. Hamilton grounded out to second, Pujols to second. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pujols out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Angels. Jones homered to left center (403 feet). Davis doubled to deep right center. Hardy struck out swinging. Dickerson struck out swinging. Flaherty intentionally walked. Teagarden grounded into fielder's choice to third, Davis out at third, Flaherty to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Callaspo singled to center. Hawpe walked, Callaspo to second. Strop pitching for Orioles. Conger reached on infield single to pitcher, Callaspo to third, Hawpe to second. Aybar tripled to deep right center, Callaspo, Hawpe and Conger scored, Aybar scored on throwing error by second baseman Flaherty. Trout grounded out to third. Shuck walked. Pujols homered to left center (388 feet), Shuck scored. Patton pitching for Orioles. Hamilton struck out swinging. Kendrick doubled to deep right. Callaspo flied out to right. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Trout in left field. Bourjos in center field. Trumbo at first base. De La Rosa pitching for Angels. McLouth grounded out to first. Machado struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Patton pitching for Orioles. Bourjos struck out swinging. Conger struck out swinging. Aybar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Jones safe at third on error by right fielder Hamilton. Davis grounded out to first, Jones scored. Hardy flied out to center. Dickerson doubled to left. Flaherty grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Trout flied out to right. Trumbo safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Hardy. Pujols doubled to deep left, Trumbo to third. Harris ran for Pujols. Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to right, Trumbo scored, Harris to third. Kendrick intentionally walked. Callaspo grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Frieri pitching for Angels. Wieters hit for Teagarden. Wieters struck out swinging. McLouth flied out to center. Machado fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 9 - Orioles 5.	Angels rally past Orioles to snap losing skid