Mariners - Top 1st. Vargas pitching for Angels. Chavez grounded out to first. Franklin struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Harang pitching for Mariners. Trout grounded out to first. Hamilton singled to left. Pujols singled to center, Hamilton to second. Trumbo struck out swinging. Kendrick doubled to deep right, Hamilton scored, Pujols to third. Aybar grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Angels. Morales safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar. Morse struck out swinging. Ibanez struck out looking. Zunino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Harang pitching for Mariners. Callaspo singled to right. Iannetta grounded out to pitcher, Callaspo to second. Bourjos safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Triunfel, Callaspo to third. Trout hit sacrifice fly to right, Callaspo scored. Hamilton homered to center (405 feet), Bourjos scored. Pujols singled to deep center. Trumbo singled to center, Pujols to second. Kendrick struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Angels. Saunders flied out to left. Triunfel grounded out to shortstop. Chavez singled to shallow left. Franklin homered to left (388 feet), Chavez scored. Seager grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Harang pitching for Mariners. Aybar flied out to center. Callaspo singled to left. Iannetta struck out swinging. Bourjos struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Vargas pitching for Angels. Morales struck out swinging. Morse struck out swinging. Ibanez singled to center. Zunino flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Harang pitching for Mariners. Trout singled to center. Hamilton lined into double play, third to first, Trout doubled off first. Pujols singled to left center. Trumbo popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Vargas pitching for Angels. Saunders reached on infield single to shortstop. Triunfel struck out swinging. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Saunders out at second. Franklin grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Harang pitching for Mariners. Kendrick grounded out to third. Aybar singled to center. Callaspo grounded out to second, Aybar to second. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Vargas pitching for Angels. Seager lined out to first. Morales struck out swinging. Morse grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Capps pitching for Mariners. Bourjos singled to shallow left. Bourjos stole second. Trout walked. Hamilton struck out swinging. Pujols doubled to deep right, Bourjos scored, Trout to third. Trumbo popped out to shortstop. Kendrick walked. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Aybar reached on infield single to shortstop, Trout scored, Pujols to third, Kendrick to second. Callaspo singled to center, Pujols and Kendrick scored, Aybar to third. Iannetta singled to left, Aybar scored, Callaspo to second. Bourjos reached on infield single to first, Callaspo to third, Iannetta to second. Trout safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Franklin, Callaspo and Iannetta scored, Bourjos to third. Shuck ran for Trout. Hamilton struck out looking. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 7th. Shuck in left field. Vargas pitching for Angels. Ibanez grounded out to first. Zunino flied out to right. Saunders walked. Triunfel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Liddi at first base. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Pujols fouled out to third. Hawpe hit for Trumbo. Hawpe singled to center. Harris hit for Kendrick. Harris singled to right, Hawpe to second. Aybar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Harris out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Hawpe at first base. Harris at second base. De La Rosa pitching for Angels. Chavez reached on infield single to shortstop. Franklin grounded out to third, Chavez to second. Seager singled to left, Chavez to third. Morales grounded out to pitcher, Chavez scored, Seager to second. Liddi struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Callaspo singled to left. Iannetta struck out swinging. Bourjos walked, Callaspo to second. Shuck grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bourjos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. De La Rosa pitching for Angels. Ibanez singled to right. Zunino flied out to right. Saunders struck out swinging. Triunfel lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Angels 11.	Pujols, surging Angels hammer Mariners