Blue Jays - Top 1st. Richards pitching for Angels. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to second. Bautista popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Calhoun singled to left. Trout lined out to left. Hamilton grounded out to second, Calhoun to second. Kendrick singled to right, Calhoun scored, Kendrick to second advancing on throw. Trumbo homered to left (424 feet), Kendrick scored. Aybar singled to right. Aybar stole second. Nelson walked. Shuck singled to center, Aybar scored, Nelson to third, Shuck to second advancing on throw. Iannetta flied out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Richards pitching for Angels. Encarnacion struck out looking. Lind grounded out to shortstop. Rasmus singled to center. Izturis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Calhoun singled to right. Trout struck out swinging, Calhoun stole second, Calhoun to third on throwing error by catcher Arencibia. Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to left, Calhoun scored. Kendrick grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Richards pitching for Angels. Arencibia popped out to second. Lawrie flied out to left. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Trumbo singled to right. Aybar singled to left, Trumbo to third, Trumbo scored, Aybar to second on throwing error by left fielder Cabrera. Nelson singled to center, Aybar to third. Shuck hit sacrifice fly to center, Aybar scored. Iannetta singled to right, Nelson to third. Calhoun walked, Iannetta to second. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Trout struck out swinging. Hamilton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Richards pitching for Angels. Cabrera walked. Bautista grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Davis in left field. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Trumbo walked. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Trumbo out at second. Nelson lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Richards pitching for Angels. Lind walked. Rasmus doubled to right, Lind to third, Lind scored, Rasmus to third on error by right fielder Calhoun. Izturis grounded out to second, Rasmus scored. Arencibia lined out to center. Lawrie singled to center. Reyes grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Shuck struck out looking. Iannetta singled to center. Calhoun grounded out to second, Iannetta to second. Trout walked. Hamilton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Richards pitching for Angels. Davis grounded out to third. Bautista grounded out to third. Encarnacion doubled to deep left center. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Santos pitching for Blue Jays. Kendrick flied out to center. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Richards pitching for Angels. Rasmus struck out looking. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Arencibia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Santos pitching for Blue Jays. Nelson tripled to deep center. Shuck hit sacrifice fly to center, Nelson scored. Iannetta popped out to first. Calhoun grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Gutierrez pitching for Angels. Lawrie singled to center. Reyes struck out swinging. Davis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lawrie out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Trout walked. Hamilton flied out to left. Kendrick struck out swinging. Trumbo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Stange pitching for Angels. Bautista struck out swinging. Encarnacion flied out to center. Lind singled to left. Rasmus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 2 - Angels 8.	Halos end losing streak