Blue Jays - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Reyes flied out to right. Izturis struck out swinging. Bautista grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout singled to center. Hamilton singled to left, Trout to second. Kendrick singled to right, Trout to third, Hamilton to second. Trumbo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Trout scored, Kendrick out at second, Hamilton to third. Aybar singled to center, Hamilton scored, Trumbo to second. Nelson singled to right, Trumbo scored, Aybar to second. Shuck struck out looking. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Encarnacion flied out to center. Lind grounded out to shortstop. Rasmus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Conger lined out to shortstop. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Lawrie homered to left (399 feet). Arencibia safe at first on error by first baseman Trumbo. Bonifacio flied out to right. Reyes flied out to left. Izturis singled to right, Arencibia to second. Bautista struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Hamilton grounded out to third. Kendrick singled to left. Trumbo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kendrick out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Encarnacion singled to left. Lind popped out to shortstop. Rasmus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Encarnacion out at second. Lawrie flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Aybar singled to center. Nelson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Aybar out at second. Shuck walked. Conger flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Arencibia struck out swinging. Bonifacio struck out looking. Reyes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Calhoun homered to right (375 feet). Trout hit by pitch. Hamilton singled to right, Trout to second. Kendrick singled to center, Trout scored, Hamilton to third, Kendrick and Hamilton scored on throwing error by catcher Arencibia. Trumbo struck out swinging. Aybar lined out to second. Nelson struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Izturis flied out to right. Bautista hit ground rule double to deep left. Encarnacion singled to right, Bautista scored. Lind grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Encarnacion out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays. Shuck struck out looking. Conger flied out to right. Calhoun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Rasmus doubled to deep right. Lawrie grounded out to second, Rasmus to third. Arencibia grounded out to second, Rasmus scored. Bonifacio flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays. Trout walked. Hamilton flied out to left. Kendrick lined into double play, pitcher to first, Trout out at first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Reyes singled to right center. Izturis grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Reyes out at second. Bautista walked. Encarnacion walked, Bautista to second. De La Rosa pitching for Angels. Bautista to third, Encarnacion to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa. Lind grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays. Trumbo flied out to left. Aybar grounded out to first. Nelson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Rasmus singled to center. Lawrie flied out to right. Arencibia grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rasmus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 3 - Angels 7.	Weaver solid as Angels take down Blue Jays