Indians - Top 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Sizemore popped out to second . Michaels singled to right center . Peralta singled to center , Michaels to second . Hafner walked , Michaels to third , Peralta to second . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center , Michaels scored . Broussard walked , Peralta to third , Hafner to second . Belliard hit by pitch , Peralta scored , Hafner to third , Broussard to second . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Belliard out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Lee pitching for Indians . Podsednik flied out to right . Iguchi grounded out to shortstop . Thome popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Mackowiak in right field . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Blake popped out to second . Sizemore doubled to deep left center . Michaels grounded out to second , Sizemore to third . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Lee pitching for Indians . Konerko singled to left center . Mackowiak flied out to center . Pierzynski flied out to right . Uribe popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Hafner struck out swinging . Martinez lined out to pitcher . Broussard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Lee pitching for Indians . Ozuna flied out to right . Anderson struck out looking . Podsednik grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Belliard grounded out to second . Boone grounded out to pitcher . Blake flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Lee pitching for Indians . Iguchi doubled to deep center . Thome popped out to shortstop . Konerko flied out to center . Mackowiak singled to left center , Iguchi scored . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Sizemore reached on infield single to first . Michaels reached on infield single to shortstop , Sizemore to second . Peralta flied out to left . Hafner flied out to center . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Lee pitching for Indians . Uribe popped out to shortstop . Ozuna fouled out to first . Anderson safe at second on error by catcher Martinez . Podsednik flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Broussard singled to left center . Belliard grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Broussard out at second . Boone grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Lee pitching for Indians . Iguchi singled to center . Thome hit by pitch , Iguchi to second . Konerko walked , Iguchi to third , Thome to second . Mackowiak grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Iguchi out at home , Thome to third , Konerko to second . Miller pitching for Indians . Pierzynski hit by pitch , Thome scored , Konerko to third , Mackowiak to second . Uribe hit sacrifice fly to right , Konerko scored , Mackowiak to third . Ozuna hit by pitch , Pierzynski to second . McCarthy pitching for White Sox . Anderson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . McCarthy pitching for White Sox . Blake lined out to shortstop . Sizemore struck out looking . Michaels singled to left . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Podsednik walked . Iguchi sacrificed to third , Podsednik to second . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Thome intentionally walked . Logan pitching for White Sox . Konerko grounded into double play , second to first , Thome out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Logan pitching for White Sox . Hafner homered to right . Martinez grounded out to third . Politte pitching for White Sox . Broussard singled to right . Belliard out on batter 's interference to catcher . Belliard batting . Broussard to second on passed ball by Pierzynski . Boone struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Mackowiak flied out to right . Pierzynski doubled to deep right . Cintron hit for Ozuna . Uribe singled to center , Pierzynski to third . Mota pitching for Indians . Cintron struck out swinging . Cintron at third base . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Politte pitching for White Sox . Blake flied out to right . Sizemore singled to center . Michaels walked , Sizemore to second . Peralta struck out looking . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Hafner popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Mota pitching for Indians . Podsednik flied out to left . Iguchi singled to center . Iguchi to second on wild pitch by Mota . Thome intentionally walked . Konerko struck out swinging . Mackowiak walked , Iguchi to third , Thome to second . Pierzynski popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 10th . Vazquez ran for Martinez . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Martinez singled to left . Broussard struck out looking . Belliard flied out to center . Shoppach catching . Graves pitching for Indians . Boone fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 10th . Graves pitching for Indians . Uribe flied out to center . Cintron singled to left center . Anderson lined out to shortstop . Podsednik flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 11th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Blake singled to center . Sizemore sacrificed to pitcher , Blake to second . Michaels doubled to deep right center , Blake scored . Peralta flied out to right . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Hafner intentionally walked . Shoppach walked , Michaels to third , Hafner to second . Wickman pitching for Indians . Broussard grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 11th . Wickman pitching for Indians . Iguchi walked . Thome grounded out to first , Iguchi to second . Konerko struck out looking . Mackowiak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - White Sox 3 .	Michaels , Tribe squeak past White Sox in 11