White Sox - Top 1st . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Ozuna singled to right center . Ozuna stole second . Iguchi walked . Thome walked , Ozuna to third , Iguchi to second . Konerko doubled to deep left , Ozuna and Iguchi scored , Thome to third . Crede singled to center , Thome scored , Konerko to third . Uribe singled to left , Konerko scored , Crede to second . Widger flied out to left , Crede to third . Mackowiak grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crede scored , Uribe out at second . Anderson grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for White Sox . DeJesus struck out swinging . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Sweeney lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Ozuna struck out swinging . Iguchi struck out swinging . Thome fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Sanders singled to center . Mientkiewicz grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Sanders out at second . Brown singled to center . Brown to second on wild pitch by Garland . Teahen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Konerko singled to center . Crede flied out to right . Uribe doubled to center , Konerko to third . Widger hit sacrifice fly to right , Konerko scored , Uribe to third . Mackowiak grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Berroa struck out swinging . Buck lined out to right . DeJesus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna grounded out to third . Iguchi singled to center . Thome flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Grudzielanek singled to center . Sweeney walked , Grudzielanek to second . Sanders singled to left , Grudzielanek scored , Sweeney to second . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . Brown doubled to left center , Sweeney scored , Sanders to third . Teahen struck out swinging . Berroa doubled to deep left , Sanders and Brown scored . Buck doubled to right , Berroa scored . Wood pitching for Royals . DeJesus popped out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Wood pitching for Royals . Konerko singled to center . Crede doubled to deep left , Konerko to third . Uribe flied out to right . Widger grounded out to shortstop , Konerko scored . Mackowiak intentionally walked . Anderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Grudzielanek walked . Sweeney doubled to deep left , Grudzielanek to third . Sanders grounded out to third . Grudzielanek scored , Sweeney to third on wild pitch by Garland . Mientkiewicz hit sacrifice fly to right , Sweeney scored . Brown flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Wood pitching for Royals . Ozuna singled to left . Iguchi grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ozuna out at second . Thome singled to left . Konerko flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Teahen struck out swinging . Berroa reached on infield single to second . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Buck doubled to deep right center , Berroa scored . DeJesus doubled to deep left , Buck scored . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney intentionally walked . Costa in center field . Dessens pitching for Royals . Sanders struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Crede flied out to right . Uribe grounded out to third . Widger struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . Brown walked . Brown stole second , Brown safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Thornton . Teahen singled to left , Brown scored . Teahen stole second . Berroa popped out to third . Buck intentionally walked . Costa popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 8th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Mackowiak singled to center . Gload hit for Ozuna . Anderson singled to right , Mackowiak to second . Gload grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Anderson out at second , Mackowiak to third . Gload in left field . Iguchi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Grudzielanek tripled to right center . Sweeney flied out to right . Sanders intentionally walked . Mientkiewicz grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Grudzielanek scored , Sanders to second . Brown flied out to left . Burgos pitching for Royals . Teahen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Thome walked . Konerko flied out to left . Crede grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Thome out at second . Pierzynski hit for Widger . Uribe singled to right , Crede to third . Pierzynski popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 7 - Royals 11 .	With loss , White Sox fall to 1 - 3 on season