Blue Jays - Top 1st . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Adams flied out to right . Catalanotto grounded out to second . Wells grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Ozuna struck out looking . Iguchi struck out swinging . Thome grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Glaus walked . Overbay flied out to right . Hillenbrand homered to left , Glaus scored . Zaun grounded out to shortstop . Rios grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Konerko homered to right . Dye grounded out to third . Crede doubled to deep center . Cintron reached on infield single to shortstop . Widger walked , Crede to third , Cintron to second . Anderson struck out swinging . Ozuna doubled to right , Crede and Cintron scored , Widger to third . Iguchi grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Hill flied out to right . Adams struck out swinging . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Thome walked . Konerko walked , Thome to second . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Dye walked , Thome to third , Konerko to second . Crede singled to center , Thome scored , Konerko to third , Dye to second . Cintron grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Konerko scored , Crede out at second , Dye to third . Widger walked , Cintron to second . Anderson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Widger out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Wells flied out to right . Glaus fouled out to first . Overbay singled to left . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Ozuna singled to left . Iguchi grounded out to second , Ozuna to second . Thome intentionally walked . Konerko grounded out to shortstop , Ozuna to third , Thome to second . Dye grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Zaun doubled to deep right . Rios singled to right , Zaun to third , Rios to second advancing on throw . Hill grounded out to shortstop , Zaun scored , Rios to third . Adams singled to right , Rios scored . Catalanotto singled to center , Adams to second . Wells popped out to second . Glaus doubled to deep right , Adams and Catalanotto scored , Glaus to third on throwing error by second baseman Iguchi . Overbay singled to center , Glaus scored . Hillenbrand doubled to deep right , Overbay thrown out at home . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Crede singled to center . Cintron reached on infield single to second , Crede to second . Widger bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Crede out at third , Cintron to second . Anderson struck out swinging . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Widger out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Zaun struck out swinging . Rios struck out swinging . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Hill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Iguchi singled to right . Thome struck out swinging . Konerko fouled out to first . Logan pitching for White Sox . Dye flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Johnson hit for Catalanotto . Logan pitching for White Sox . Adams flied out to center . Politte pitching for White Sox . Johnson reached on infield single to third . Wells homered to left , Johnson scored . Glaus struck out swinging . Overbay homered to center . Hillenbrand singled to center . Zaun doubled to deep right , Hillenbrand scored , Zaun to third on error by catcher Widger . Johnson in left field . Rios flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Crede hit by pitch . Cintron fouled out to third . Widger lined into double play , third to first , Crede doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Politte pitching for White Sox . Hill flied out to right . Adams flied out to right . Johnson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Anderson flied out to right . Ozuna reached on infield single to shortstop . Iguchi fouled out to right . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Thome grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Wells reached on infield single to second . Wells to second on passed ball by Widger . Glaus homered to left , Wells scored . Overbay singled to left center . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Overbay out at second . Zaun doubled to deep right . McDonald at shortstop . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Rios flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Konerko doubled to left . Dye homered to left , Konerko scored . Crede singled to center . Cintron grounded out to third , Crede to second . Widger grounded out to pitcher , Crede to third . Anderson flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 13 - White Sox 7 .	Wells homers , again , for Jays in win over White Sox