White Sox - Top 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Podsednik flied out to left . Iguchi lined out to second . Thome singled to center . Konerko walked , Thome to second . Dye struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Lopez lined into double play , center to first , Suzuki doubled off first . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Crede grounded out to third . Uribe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Sexson walked . Everett flied out to center . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sexson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Anderson walked . Podsednik singled to left , Anderson to second . Anderson stole third , Podsednik stole second . Iguchi doubled to left , Anderson and Podsednik scored . Thome grounded out to second , Iguchi to third . Konerko homered to left , Iguchi scored . Dye popped out to second . Pierzynski popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Johjima hit by pitch . Reed bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johjima out at second . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reed out at second . Betancourt caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to first to second to shortstop . Suzuki batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Crede homered to left . Uribe struck out swinging . Anderson flied out to left . Podsednik reached on infield single to second . Iguchi grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Lopez struck out swinging . Livingston pitching for Mariners . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Livingston pitching for Mariners . Thome struck out looking . Konerko flied out to center . Dye homered to right center . Pierzynski singled to left . Crede fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Sexson flied out to center . Everett grounded out to second . Beltre hit by pitch . Johjima singled to right , Beltre to second . Reed flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Livingston pitching for Mariners . Uribe grounded out to first . Anderson walked . Podsednik grounded out to second , Anderson to second . Iguchi walked . Thome singled to right , Anderson scored , Iguchi to third . Konerko hit ground rule double to deep left center , Iguchi scored , Thome to third . Dye intentionally walked . Woods pitching for Mariners . Pierzynski singled to left , Thome scored , Konerko to third , Dye to second . Gload at first base . Crede grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Betancourt grounded out to third . Suzuki singled to center . Lawton in right field . Petagine at first base . Lopez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Uribe struck out swinging . Anderson struck out looking . Podsednik singled to left . Widger hit for Thome . Iguchi homered to center , Podsednik scored . Widger struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Ibanez walked . Logan pitching for White Sox . Lawton singled to center , Ibanez to third . Everett hit by pitch , Lawton to second . Beltre walked , Ibanez scored , Lawton to third , Everett to second . Bloomquist hit for Reed . Johjima hit sacrifice fly to left , Lawton scored . Bloomquist grounded out to third , Everett to third , Beltre to second . Bloomquist in center field . Betancourt flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Gload tripled to center . Dye homered to left , Gload scored . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Crede flied out to right . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Logan pitching for White Sox . Petagine hit by pitch . Lopez doubled to deep left , Petagine to third . Ibanez struck out looking . Lawton singled to center , Petagine scored , Lopez to third . Everett grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lawton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Anderson grounded out to second . Podsednik fouled out to third . Iguchi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Logan pitching for White Sox . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Johjima popped out to first . Bloomquist singled to right center . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bloomquist out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 13 - Mariners 3 .	Dye 's two homers lead White Sox in rout of Mariners