White Sox - Top 1st . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Podsednik doubled to deep left . Ozuna reached on bunt single to pitcher , Podsednik to third . Thome singled to deep left , Podsednik scored , Ozuna to second . Konerko singled to left , Ozuna scored , Thome to second . Dye singled to left , Thome scored , Konerko to second . Pierzynski flied out to center , Konerko thrown out at third , Dye to second . Crede flied out to center . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Hairston Jr struck out looking . Young grounded out to third . Teixeira grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Uribe singled to left . Anderson doubled to left , Uribe to third . Podsednik hit sacrifice fly to right , Uribe scored , Anderson to third . Ozuna singled to center , Anderson scored . Thome lined into double play , shortstop to first , Ozuna doubled off first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Blalock struck out swinging . DeRosa grounded out to first . Wilkerson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Konerko hit by pitch . Dye struck out swinging . Pierzynski grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Konerko out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Kinsler struck out swinging . Botts struck out looking . Barajas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Crede grounded out to shortstop . Uribe struck out swinging . Anderson walked . Podsednik grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Hairston Jr grounded out to second . Young reached on infield single to third . Teixeira struck out swinging . Blalock flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Ozuna flied out to center . Thome walked . Konerko singled to right , Thome to third . Dye walked , Konerko to second . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Thome scored , Dye out at second , Konerko to third . Crede struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . DeRosa lined out to shortstop . Wilkerson reached on bunt single to third . Kinsler doubled to left , Wilkerson to third . Botts hit sacrifice fly to right , Wilkerson scored , Kinsler to third . Barajas homered to left , Kinsler scored . Hairston Jr flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . Anderson struck out swinging . Podsednik struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Young grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira singled to center . Blalock lined out to shortstop . DeRosa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Thome flied out to center . Konerko walked . Dye struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Wilkerson struck out looking . Kinsler popped out to second . Botts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Pierzynski homered to right . Crede flied out to center . Uribe singled to right . Anderson bunt grounded out to pitcher , Uribe to second . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Podsednik singled to center , Uribe scored . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Podsednik out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Barajas singled to deep left . Hairston Jr struck out swinging . Young flied out to right . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Thome lined out to center . Konerko grounded out to third . Gload at first base . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Dye grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Blalock grounded out to shortstop . DeRosa grounded out to second . Wilkerson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 8 - Rangers 3 .	Contreras ties ChiSox record with 15th straight win