Cardinals - Top 1st . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Eckstein flied out to center . Taguchi singled to left . Rolen flied out to left . Edmonds reached on infield single to third , Taguchi to second . Encarnacion singled to center , Taguchi scored , Edmonds to second , Encarnacion to second , Edmonds to third advancing on throw . Spiezio struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Ozuna flied out to right . Iguchi batting . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Bennett lined out to left . Miles grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Dye flied out to right . Pierzynski lined out to center . Uribe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Eckstein lined out to second . Taguchi grounded out to third . Rolen singled to right . Edmonds grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Crede doubled to deep left center . Anderson doubled to deep right , Crede scored . Ozuna flied out to right . Iguchi singled to center , Anderson scored . Thome singled to center , Iguchi to second . Konerko singled to left , Iguchi scored , Thome to second . Dye singled to right center , Thome scored , Konerko to second . Pierzynski homered to right , Konerko and Dye scored . Uribe singled to left . Crede homered to left , Uribe scored . Anderson struck out looking . Ozuna singled to left . Iguchi singled to center , Ozuna to second . Thome walked , Ozuna to third , Iguchi to second . Konerko singled to left , Ozuna and Iguchi scored , Thome to second . Dye grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Konerko out at second . 11 Runs , 12 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Encarnacion walked . Spiezio popped out to shortstop . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Bennett grounded out to second . Crede grounded out to third . Anderson flied out to right . Ozuna popped out to shortstop . Eckstein walked , Miles to second . Duncan hit for Rolen . Taguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eckstein out at second , Miles to third . Duncan at first base . Spiezio at third base . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Duncan grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Taguchi out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Iguchi struck out swinging . Thome batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Edmonds doubled to left . Encarnacion singled to center , Edmonds to third . Spiezio grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Edmonds scored , Encarnacion out at second . Rodriguez grounded out to second , Spiezio to second . Taguchi in center field . Luna in left field . Perez in right field . Bennett flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Dye batting . Pierzynski doubled to deep right , Dye to third . Uribe reached on infield single to shortstop , Dye scored . Crede singled to left , Pierzynski to third , Uribe to second . Anderson hit by pitch , Pierzynski scored , Uribe to third , Crede to second . Ozuna hit by pitch , Uribe scored , Crede to third , Anderson to second . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Iguchi flied out to left . Crede scored , Anderson to third , Ozuna to second on wild pitch by Johnson . Thome struck out looking . Gload singled to center , Anderson and Ozuna scored . Dye singled to center , Gload to second . Riske pitching for White Sox . Pierzynski popped out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Riske pitching for White Sox . Miles batting . Eckstein flied out to left . Taguchi popped out to third . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Chi White Sox 's Manager Guillen ejected by Everitt in the 7th . Molina at first base . Duncan in left field . Luna at shortstop . Luna popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Uribe popped out to second . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Crede homered to left . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna safe at first on error by first baseman Molina . Iguchi grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 8th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Perez struck out looking . Spiezio singled to left . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Bennett doubled to deep right , Spiezio to third . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Widger hit for Thome . Miles grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Widger struck out looking . Gload singled to right . Dye singled to left , Gload to second . Pierzynski popped out to first . Montero pitching for White Sox . Uribe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Montero pitching for White Sox . Molina batting . Duncan homered to right , Taguchi scored . Luna reached on infield single to first . Perez singled to left , Luna to second . Spiezio singled to right , Luna scored , Perez to second . Rodriguez singled to right center , Perez to third , Spiezio to second . Bennett grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Perez scored , Rodriguez out at second , Spiezio to third . Miles flied out to center . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - White Sox 20 .	ChiSox pound out 24 hits in 20 - 6 spanking of Cards