White Sox - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Podsednik grounded out to second . Iguchi walked . Thome grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Iguchi out at second . Dye singled to right , Thome to third . Dye stole second . Pierzynski singled to right , Thome scored , Dye to third , Pierzynski to second , Dye thrown out at home attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for White Sox . Roberts singled to left . Mora singled to left , Roberts to third . Tejada singled to right , Roberts scored , Mora to third . Gibbons walked , Tejada to second . Conine hit sacrifice fly to right , Mora scored , Tejada to third . Patterson singled to right , Tejada scored , Gibbons to second . Millar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Patterson out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Crede popped out to third . Gload singled to left . Uribe doubled to deep left , Gload to third . Anderson walked . Podsednik flied out to right . Iguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Hernandez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Crede . Markakis grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Hernandez out at second . Roberts flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Thome walked . Dye doubled to deep left , Thome to third . Pierzynski singled to center , Thome scored , Dye to third . Crede hit sacrifice fly to center , Dye scored . Gload hit by pitch , Pierzynski to second . Uribe singled to center , Pierzynski scored , Gload to second . Anderson hit ground rule double to deep right , Gload scored , Uribe to third . Podsednik grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Uribe out at home , Anderson to third , Podsednik to second . Iguchi homered to right , Anderson and Podsednik scored . Thome grounded out to first . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Mora singled to center . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mora out at second . Gibbons fouled out to third . Conine doubled to deep right , Tejada scored . Ortiz pitching for Orioles . Patterson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Ortiz pitching for Orioles . Dye homered to right . Pierzynski homered to center . Crede grounded out to shortstop . Gload grounded out to second . Uribe fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Millar flied out to left . Hernandez singled to deep right . Markakis singled to right , Hernandez to second . Roberts struck out looking . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Ortiz pitching for Orioles . Anderson struck out swinging . Podsednik grounded out to second . Iguchi grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Tejada singled to left . Gibbons doubled to deep left center , Tejada to third . Conine popped out to second . Patterson struck out swinging . Millar lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Ortiz pitching for Orioles . Thome walked . Dye grounded out to third , Thome to second . Pierzynski singled to right , Thome scored . Crede popped out to second . Gload grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Hernandez walked . Markakis doubled to deep left , Hernandez to third . McCarthy pitching for White Sox . Roberts grounded out to second , Hernandez scored , Markakis to third . Mora singled to center , Markakis scored . Tejada homered to left center , Mora scored . Gibbons struck out swinging . Conine walked . Patterson singled to right , Conine to third . Patterson stole second . Millar walked . Hernandez flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Ortiz pitching for Orioles . Uribe singled to right . Anderson flied into double play , center to first , Uribe doubled off first . Podsednik singled to shallow left . Podsednik caught stealing second , catcher to second . Iguchi batting . Cotts pitching for White Sox . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Markakis singled to center . Roberts doubled to left , Markakis to third . Mora lined out to shortstop . Tejada popped out to second . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Gibbons walked . Markakis scored , Roberts to third , Gibbons to second on wild pitch by MacDougal . Conine grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Birkins pitching for Orioles . Iguchi grounded out to second . Thome walked . Dye flied out to right . Hawkins pitching for Orioles . Pierzynski singled to left , Thome to second . Crede singled to right , Thome scored , Pierzynski to third . Gload struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Patterson doubled to right . Millar grounded out to third . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop , Patterson to third . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Markakis doubled to deep right , Patterson scored . Roberts popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Hawkins pitching for Orioles . Uribe bunt grounded out to pitcher . Anderson singled to right . Anderson stole second . Podsednik struck out looking . Iguchi singled to right , Anderson scored . Iguchi stole second . Thome intentionally walked . Mackowiak in left field . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Dye grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Mora walked . Tejada singled to right center , Mora to third . Gibbons grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mora scored , Tejada out at second . Conine grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 13 - Orioles 11 .	Pierzynski goes 5 - for-5 as White Sox outlast Orioles