White Sox - Top 1st . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Ozuna flied out to center . Iguchi singled to center . Thome walked , Iguchi to second . Konerko grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Thome out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Perez singled to right . Monroe struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to left , Perez to second . Ordonez singled to center , Perez scored , Rodriguez to second . Guillen singled to right , Rodriguez to third , Ordonez to second . Thames walked , Rodriguez scored , Ordonez to third , Guillen to second . Casey lined out to second . Clevlen grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Dye grounded out to shortstop . Crede flied out to right . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Inge grounded out to shortstop . Perez bunt popped out to first . Monroe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Anderson popped out to second . Alomar Jr grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna bunt popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . Ordonez popped out to shortstop . Guillen doubled to deep right center . Thames tripled to deep center , Guillen scored . Casey grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Iguchi grounded out to pitcher . Thome grounded out to shortstop . Konerko flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Clevlen singled to right . Inge sacrificed to catcher , Clevlen to second . Perez struck out swinging . Monroe intentionally walked . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Dye reached on infield single to pitcher , Dye to second on throwing error by pitcher Rogers . Crede flied out to right . Uribe struck out looking . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Ordonez grounded out to pitcher . Guillen popped out to second . Thames homered to left center . Casey grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Alomar Jr grounded out to third . Ozuna safe at first on error by third baseman Inge . Iguchi grounded out to third , Ozuna to second . Thome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Clevlen reached on infield single to shortstop . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Inge grounded out to second , Clevlen to second . Perez grounded out to third , Clevlen to third . Monroe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Konerko singled to left . Dye safe at first on error by right fielder Ordonez , Konerko to second . Crede popped out to first . Uribe flied out to right . Anderson singled to center , Konerko to third , Dye to second . Alomar Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 7th . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Gload hit for Ozuna . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Gload singled to shallow left . Iguchi walked , Gload to second . Thome grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Iguchi out at second . Gload in left field . McCarthy pitching for White Sox . Young hit for Thames . Konerko grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Thome out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . McCarthy pitching for White Sox . Young popped out to shortstop . Casey grounded out to first . Clevlen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Dye struck out swinging . Mackowiak hit for Uribe . Crede fouled out to first . Mackowiak grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 0 - Tigers 4 .	Rogers shuts down ChiSox , Guillen tossed in Tigers ' win