Twins - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Castillo struck out swinging . Punto singled to right center . Redmond singled to right , Punto to third . Cuddyer singled to left , Punto scored , Redmond to second . Morneau lined out to center . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Redmond out at third , Cuddyer to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Silva pitching for Twins . Podsednik walked . Podsednik stole second . Iguchi grounded out to shortstop , Podsednik to third . Dye walked . Konerko grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dye out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . White struck out looking . Ford grounded out to third . Bartlett lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Silva pitching for Twins . Pierzynski popped out to second . Crede grounded out to third . Gload singled to center . Gload stole second . Uribe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Castillo singled to center . Punto lined out to right . Redmond flied out to left . Castillo stole second , Castillo safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Gload . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Silva pitching for Twins . Anderson struck out swinging . Podsednik reached on bunt single to third . Iguchi safe at first on error by shortstop Bartlett , Podsednik to third . Dye reached on infield single to shortstop , Podsednik scored , Iguchi to second . Konerko doubled to deep left center , Iguchi scored , Dye to third . Pierzynski hit by pitch . Crede grounded into double play , third to first , Konerko out at third , Pierzynski to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Morneau singled to right . Hunter fouled out to first . White grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Morneau out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Silva pitching for Twins . Gload flied out to left . Uribe flied out to right . Anderson singled to right center . Podsednik grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Ford grounded out to third . Bartlett struck out swinging . Castillo singled to left , Castillo out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Silva pitching for Twins . Iguchi grounded out to second . Dye flied out to center . Konerko singled to right . Pierzynski homered to right , Konerko scored . Crede homered to left . Gload flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Punto grounded out to shortstop . Redmond flied out to right . Cuddyer doubled to deep left . Morneau lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Silva pitching for Twins . Uribe homered to left . Anderson singled to left center . Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop , Anderson to second . Iguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Podsednik out at second , Anderson to third . Dye grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Iguchi out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Hunter struck out swinging . White struck out looking . Reyes pitching for Twins . Ford grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Reyes pitching for Twins . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Crede doubled to deep right center . Gload grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Bartlett grounded out to third . Castillo singled to center . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Punto singled to center , Castillo to second . Rincon pitching for Twins . Redmond grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Punto out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Uribe struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Podsednik singled to right . Podsednik stole second . Ozuna at third base . Iguchi grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Morneau doubled to deep right . Hunter struck out swinging . White struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 1 - White Sox 6 .	Buehrle , bombs help White Sox avoid Twins sweep