Pirates - Top 1st. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Tabata grounded out to third. Walker struck out swinging. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Theriot grounded out to shortstop. Rasmus grounded out to shortstop. Pujols grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Overbay flied out to left. Alvarez struck out swinging. Doumit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Berkman walked. Craig singled to right, Berkman to third. Freese grounded into double play, third to second to first, Berkman scored, Craig out at second. Molina grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Jones reached on infield single to second. Cedeno grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Jones out at second. Morton lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Schumaker hit ground rule double to left. Lohse bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Schumaker out at third. Theriot struck out swinging. Rasmus grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lohse out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. Walker singled to right, Walker to second on error by right fielder Berkman. McCutchen grounded out to third. Overbay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Pujols grounded out to third. Berkman walked. Craig walked, Berkman to second. Freese grounded out to second, Berkman to third, Craig to second. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Alvarez grounded out to first. Doumit grounded out to first. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Schumaker grounded out to first. Lohse lined out to left. Theriot singled to right. Theriot stole second. Rasmus walked. Pujols grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno singled to right. Morton sacrificed to pitcher, Cedeno to second. Tabata walked. Walker doubled to deep left, Cedeno and Tabata scored. McCutchen homered to left (374 feet), Walker scored. Overbay grounded out to pitcher. Alvarez struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Berkman grounded out to second. Craig walked. Freese struck out swinging. Molina popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Doumit singled to center. Jones flied out to right. Cedeno grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Doumit out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Veras pitching for Pirates. Schumaker singled to right center. Jay hit for Lohse. Jay struck out swinging. Theriot grounded into double play, third to second to first, Schumaker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Augenstein pitching for Cardinals. Diaz hit for Veras. Diaz struck out swinging. Tabata reached on infield single to third. Walker singled to right, Tabata to third. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tabata out at home, Walker to second. Tallet pitching for Cardinals. Overbay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Meek pitching for Pirates. Rasmus singled to right. Pujols walked, Rasmus to second. Berkman singled to right, Rasmus scored, Pujols to second, Pujols to third advancing on throw. Crotta pitching for Pirates. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols scored, Berkman out at second. Crotta pitching for Pirates. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols scored, Berkman out at second. Crotta pitching for Pirates. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols scored, Berkman out at second. Crotta pitching for Pirates. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols scored, Berkman out at second. Craig stole second. Freese struck out swinging. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Pearce at first base. Molina struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Tallet pitching for Cardinals. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop. Doumit struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Schumaker grounded out to first. Descalso hit for Tallet. Descalso struck out swinging. Theriot flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Cardinals 3.	McCutchen returns, leads Pirates past Cards