Giants - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Torres struck out swinging. Tejada grounded out to second. Sanchez doubled to deep right center. Huff flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Theriot struck out swinging. Jay struck out swinging, Jay safe at first on wild pitch by Lincecum. Jay stole second. Pujols lined out to second. Berkman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Schierholtz grounded out to first. Ross singled to left. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ross out at second. Whiteside singled to left, Crawford to second. Lincecum struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Rasmus grounded out to first. Molina singled to center. Schumaker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Torres grounded out to first. Tejada grounded out to first. Sanchez singled to left center. Huff grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Descalso singled to center. Westbrook sacrificed to first, Descalso to second. Theriot singled to left, Descalso scored, Theriot to second advancing on throw. Jay struck out swinging. Pujols flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Schierholtz grounded out to second. Ross singled to center. Crawford struck out swinging. Ross stole second. Whiteside intentionally walked. Lincecum walked, Ross to third, Whiteside to second. Torres struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Berkman grounded out to third. Rasmus singled to left. Rasmus stole second. Molina singled to left, Rasmus to third. Schumaker singled to center, Rasmus scored, Molina to third. Descalso struck out swinging, Molina scored, Schumaker to second on wild pitch by Lincecum. Westbrook struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Tejada grounded out to second. Sanchez lined out to right. Huff grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Theriot hit by pitch. Theriot caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Jay struck out looking. Pujols flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Schierholtz singled to right. Ross doubled to deep right center, Schierholtz scored. Crawford reached on infield single to second, Ross to third. Crawford to second on wild pitch by Westbrook. Whiteside hit sacrifice fly to center, Ross scored, Crawford to third. Lincecum grounded out to shortstop. Torres doubled to left, Crawford scored. Batista pitching for Cardinals. Tejada lined out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Berkman grounded out to second. Rasmus flied out to center. Molina struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Batista pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez grounded out to second. Huff homered to right (438 feet). Schierholtz flied out to left. Ross flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Schumaker struck out swinging. Descalso tripled to deep center. Craig hit for Batista. Craig homered to left (422 feet), Descalso scored. Theriot singled to center. Jay singled to right, Theriot to second. Casilla pitching for Giants. Pujols walked, Theriot to third, Jay to second. Berkman grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Pujols out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Sanchez pitching for Cardinals. Crawford flied out to left. Whiteside singled to center. Burrell popped out to catcher. Torres struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Lopez pitching for Giants. Rasmus grounded out to second. Molina popped out to shortstop. Schumaker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Tejada flied out to center. Sanchez flied out to right. Huff walked. Burriss ran for Huff. Burriss stole second. Schierholtz singled to center, Burriss scored. Ross reached on infield single to third, Schierholtz to second. Crawford lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Lopez pitching for Giants. Descalso grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez pitching for Giants. Craig lined out to second. Theriot flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 10th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Whiteside grounded out to first. Rowand hit for Ramirez. Rowand lined out to first. Torres bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 10th. Romo pitching for Giants. Jay grounded out to second. Pujols flied out to center. Greene safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Crawford. Rasmus grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 11th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez hit ground rule double to deep left. Burriss popped out to second. Schierholtz singled to right, Sanchez scored, Schierholtz to second advancing on throw. Ross intentionally walked. Crawford singled to left, Schierholtz scored, Ross to second, Ross to third advancing on throw. Whiteside popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 11th. Wilson pitching for Giants. Molina singled to center. Kozma ran for Molina. Schumaker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kozma out at second. Descalso singled to center. Craig grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 7 - Cardinals 5.	Lincecum roughed up but Giants rally, win in 11