Phillies - Top 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Rollins struck out looking. Victorino grounded out to second. Utley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Theriot flied out to left. Jay homered to right (422 feet). Holliday flied out to right. Berkman grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Howard struck out swinging. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Francisco singled to center, Francisco to third on error by center fielder Rasmus. Brown grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Rasmus reached on infield single to shortstop. Schumaker singled to right center, Rasmus to second. Cruz singled to right, Rasmus scored, Schumaker to second. Carpenter sacrificed to third, Schumaker to third, Cruz to second. Descalso struck out swinging. Theriot singled to center, Schumaker and Cruz scored. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to second, Theriot out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz flied out to right. Lee hit for Oswalt. Lee struck out swinging. Rollins popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Holliday doubled to left. Berkman singled to left, Holliday to third. Rasmus lined out to shortstop. Schumaker grounded into fielder's choice to second, Holliday scored, Berkman out at second. Schumaker to second on balk by Kendrick. Cruz grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Victorino lined out to shortstop. Utley singled to center. Howard struck out swinging. Polanco lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Carpenter flied out to center. Descalso flied out to right. Theriot grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Francisco grounded out to third. Brown flied out to left. Ruiz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Jay flied out to right. Holliday grounded out to third. Berkman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Kendrick struck out swinging. Rollins grounded out to first. Victorino singled to right. Utley singled to right, Victorino to second. Victorino stole third. Howard singled to right, Victorino scored, Utley to third. Polanco grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Rasmus hit ground rule double to deep right. Schumaker singled to center, Rasmus to third. Cruz singled to center, Rasmus scored, Schumaker to second. Carpenter sacrificed to third, Schumaker to third, Cruz to second. Schumaker picked off third. Descalso walked. Theriot grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Francisco struck out swinging. Brown walked. Ruiz flied out to right. Ibanez hit for Kendrick. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Phillies. Jay grounded out to first. Holliday walked. Berkman flied out to center. Rasmus walked, Holliday to second. Schumaker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Tallet pitching for Cardinals. Molina catching. Rollins flied out to center. Victorino safe at first on error by first baseman Berkman. Utley hit by pitch, Victorino to second. Howard hit into fielder's choice to left, Victorino out at third, Utley to second. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Kozma at second base. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Howard out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Baez pitching for Phillies. Kozma grounded out to second. Molina doubled to deep right. Descalso hit by pitch. Theriot walked, Molina to third, Descalso to second. Jay walked, Molina scored, Descalso to third, Theriot to second. Holliday singled to left, Descalso and Theriot scored, Jay to second. Berkman homered to left (392 feet), Jay and Holliday scored. Rasmus struck out looking. Hamilton hit for Salas. Hamilton doubled to left. Kozma grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Jay in left field. Brown in right field. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Hamilton at first base. Francisco flied out to right. Brown struck out swinging. Ruiz homered to left (351 feet). Gload hit for Baez. Gload doubled to right. Rollins struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 2 - Cardinals 12.	Cardinals rout Phillies