Blue Jays - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Hill walked. Bautista singled to center, Hill to third. Lind struck out swinging. Arencibia flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Theriot singled to left. Jay singled to right, Theriot to third. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Theriot scored, Jay out at second. Berkman lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Rivera flied out to right. Encarnacion flied out to center. Davis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Rasmus grounded out to third. Molina flied out to center. Descalso popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Villanueva walked. Escobar walked, Villanueva to second. Hill grounded out to second, Villanueva to third, Escobar to second. Bautista intentionally walked. Lind hit sacrifice fly to center, Villanueva scored, Escobar to third. Arencibia safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Descalso, Escobar scored, Bautista to second. Rivera homered to left, Bautista and Arencibia scored. Encarnacion flied out to center. 5 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Garcia struck out looking. Schumaker grounded out to second. Theriot flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Davis grounded out to third. Villanueva struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Jay singled to left. Holliday lined out to center. Berkman popped out to second. Rasmus walked, Jay to second. Molina singled to left center, Jay scored, Rasmus to third. Descalso struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Hill singled to center. Bautista flied out to right. Lind grounded out to first, Hill to second. Arencibia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Garcia grounded out to first. Schumaker reached on infield single to shortstop. Theriot flied out to center. Jay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Encarnacion doubled to deep left. Davis flied out to right, Encarnacion to third. Villanueva struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Holliday grounded out to third. Berkman grounded out to pitcher. Rasmus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Hill reached on infield single to third. Bautista grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Rauch pitching for Blue Jays. Molina flied out to right. Descalso reached on infield single to shortstop. Hamilton hit for Garcia. Hamilton lined out to second. Schumaker lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Lind popped out to third. Arencibia grounded out to second. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Rauch pitching for Blue Jays. Theriot singled to center. Jay hit by pitch, Theriot to second. Holliday struck out looking. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Berkman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Jay in left field. Kozma at second base. Schumaker in right field. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Encarnacion homered to left. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Patterson hit for Rzepczynski. Patterson struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Francisco pitching for Blue Jays. Patterson in left field. Rasmus doubled to right. Molina struck out swinging. Descalso singled to left, Rasmus to third. Brown hit for Franklin. Brown struck out swinging. Schumaker safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Francisco, Rasmus scored, Descalso to third. Theriot grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Cardinals 3.	Rivera's HR backs steady Villanueva as Jays win