Cardinals - Top 1st. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Furcal popped out to shortstop. Jay grounded out to pitcher. Pujols flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ciriaco singled to center. Walker flied out to left. Ciriaco caught stealing second, catcher to second. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Holliday grounded out to third. Berkman singled to center. Schumaker walked, Berkman to second. Molina hit ground rule double to deep left center, Berkman scored, Schumaker to third. Descalso intentionally walked. Carpenter singled to center, Schumaker and Molina scored, Descalso to third. Furcal grounded out to catcher, Carpenter to second. Jay grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Lee singled to center. Doumit flied out to left. Jones singled to right, Lee to second. Ludwick singled to left, Lee to third, Jones to second. Harrison safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols, Lee scored, Jones to third, Ludwick to second. Karstens struck out swinging. Ciriaco struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Holliday grounded out to second. Berkman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Walker struck out looking. McCutchen flied out to center. Lee homered to right center (416 feet). Doumit tripled to deep center. Jones lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Schumaker grounded out to pitcher. Molina struck out swinging. Descalso singled to center. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. Karstens struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Furcal singled to right. Furcal stole second. Jay doubled to deep right, Furcal scored. Pujols reached on infield single to shortstop. Holliday struck out swinging. Moskos pitching for Pirates. Berkman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pujols out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ciriaco reached on infield single to shortstop. Walker reached on infield single to shortstop, Ciriaco to second. McCutchen grounded out to third, Ciriaco to third, Walker to second. Lee flied into double play, right to pitcher to third, Ciriaco out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Moskos pitching for Pirates. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Descalso singled to right. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Doumit walked. Jones safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols, Doumit advanced to second on Pujols error, Doumit to third on throwing error by first baseman Pujols. Ludwick struck out swinging. Harrison flied into double play, right to first, Jones doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Furcal grounded out to second. Jay struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Presley hit for Hughes. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Presley singled to center. Ciriaco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Presley out at second. Walker grounded out to second, Ciriaco to second. McCutchen homered to right center (423 feet), Ciriaco scored. Lee grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Veras pitching for Pirates. Holliday struck out looking. Berkman flied out to right. Schumaker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Rhodes pitching for Cardinals. Punto at second base. Doumit grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to second. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Ludwick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Descalso singled to right. Greene ran for Descalso. Punto doubled to deep center, Greene scored. Furcal safe at first on error by shortstop Ciriaco, Punto to third. Jay reached on infield single to shortstop, Furcal to second. Pujols hit sacrifice fly to right, Punto scored, Furcal to third. Leroux pitching for Pirates. Patterson hit for Holliday. Patterson lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Patterson in right field. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Theriot at second base. Chambers in left field. Punto at third base. Harrison singled to shallow center. Alvarez hit for Leroux. Alvarez singled to center, Harrison to second. D'Arnaud ran for Alvarez. Ciriaco bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Harrison out at third, D'Arnaud to second. Walker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ciriaco out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 6 - Pirates 4.	Cards stay hot, top Pirates