Cardinals - Top 1st. Sosa pitching for Astros. Jay flied out to center. Freese singled to shallow left. Freese stole second. Freese safe at third on throwing error by catcher Towles. Pujols flied out to right, Freese thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Shuck lined out to center. Altuve flied out to left. Bogusevic grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Sosa pitching for Astros. Berkman lined out to left. Holliday flied out to right. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Lee singled to shallow right center. Wallace struck out swinging. Paredes singled to shallow center, Lee to second. Barmes singled to shallow left, Lee to third, Paredes to second. Towles hit sacrifice fly to right, Lee scored. Sosa struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Sosa pitching for Astros. Schumaker grounded out to first. Punto singled to shallow right. Westbrook sacrificed to pitcher, Punto to second. Jay lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Craig in left field. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Shuck flied out to center. Altuve reached on infield single to second. Bogusevic doubled to left, Altuve to third. Lee intentionally walked. Wallace singled to right, Altuve and Bogusevic scored, Lee to third. Paredes tripled to deep center, Lee and Wallace scored. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Barmes struck out swinging. Towles grounded out to catcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Sosa pitching for Astros. Freese walked. Pujols struck out swinging. Berkman singled to center, Freese to second. Freese to third, Berkman to second on wild pitch by Sosa. Craig walked. Molina singled to right center, Freese scored, Berkman to third, Craig to second. Schumaker doubled to deep left center, Berkman, Craig and Molina scored. Carpenter pitching for Astros. Quintero catching. Punto singled to shallow right, Schumaker to third. Patterson hit for Boggs. Patterson walked, Punto to second. Jay hit sacrifice fly to center, Schumaker scored, Punto to third, Patterson to second on throwing error by center fielder Shuck. Freese struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 4th. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Quintero grounded out to second. Shuck struck out swinging. Altuve singled to shallow left. Altuve caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Bogusevic batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Carpenter pitching for Astros. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Berkman doubled to deep left. Craig struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Bogusevic singled to shallow center. Lee walked, Bogusevic to second. Wallace walked, Bogusevic to third, Lee to second. Paredes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bogusevic scored, Wallace out at second, Lee to third. Barmes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Carpenter pitching for Astros. Schumaker flied out to center. Punto struck out looking. Chambers hit for Rzepczynski. Chambers singled to center. Jay lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Sanchez pitching for Cardinals. Johnson hit for Carpenter. Johnson struck out looking. Quintero struck out swinging. Shuck grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Del Rosario pitching for Astros. Freese flied out to right. Pujols lined out to left. Berkman singled to shallow left. Craig doubled to deep right center, Berkman scored. Molina walked. Wright pitching for Astros. Theriot hit for Schumaker. Theriot tripled to deep right center, Craig and Molina scored. Punto doubled to left, Theriot scored. Sanchez flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Theriot at second base. Sanchez pitching for Cardinals. Altuve grounded out to third. Rhodes pitching for Cardinals. Bogusevic walked. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Lee flied out to center. Wallace struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Jay singled to right, Jay out stretching at second. Freese flied out to right. Pujols singled to shallow center. Berkman walked, Pujols to second. Craig homered to left (347 feet), Pujols and Berkman scored. Molina flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Dotel pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at third base. Paredes struck out swinging. Barmes grounded out to third. Corporan hit for Rodriguez. Corporan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Corporan catching. Abreu pitching for Astros. Theriot grounded out to shortstop. Punto homered to right center (405 feet). Descalso popped out to second. Jay hit by pitch. Cruz hit for Dotel. Cruz singled to shallow center, Jay to third. Pujols flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Cruz at first base. Jackson pitching for Cardinals. Robinson in right field. Sanchez hit for Abreu. Sanchez singled to left. Shuck lined out to third. Altuve singled to shallow center, Sanchez to second. Bogusevic lined out to left. Lee grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 13 - Astros 6.	Cards roll to wild-card tie