Mariners - Top 1st . Rasmus pitching for Angels . Jackson struck out looking . Ackley flied out to center . Cano grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Elias pitching for Mariners . Calhoun hit by pitch . Trout singled to left , Calhoun to second . Pujols singled to center , Calhoun scored , Trout to second . Kendrick flied out to right , Trout to third . Freese singled to shallow left , Trout scored , Pujols to second . Hamilton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Freese out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Rasmus pitching for Angels . Seager singled to right . Morales struck out swinging . Morrison fouled out to third . Chavez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Elias pitching for Mariners . Aybar lined out to first . Iannetta walked . Cowgill singled to left , Iannetta to second . Calhoun grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cowgill out at second , Iannetta to third . Trout popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Rasmus pitching for Angels . Zunino struck out swinging . Taylor lined out to second . Jackson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Elias pitching for Mariners . Pujols grounded out to second . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Rasmus pitching for Angels . Ackley grounded out to first . Cano struck out swinging . Seager flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Elias pitching for Mariners . Hamilton singled to center . Aybar lined out to shortstop . Smith pitching for Mariners . Hamilton caught stealing second , catcher to second . Iannetta walked . Cowgill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Grilli pitching for Angels . Morales walked . Morrison hit by pitch , Morales to second . Chavez sacrificed to pitcher , Morales to third , Morrison to second . Zunino doubled to deep center , Morales and Morrison scored . Taylor doubled to left , Zunino scored . Morin pitching for Angels . Jackson struck out looking . Ackley doubled to left center , Taylor scored . Cano intentionally walked . Seager grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Smith pitching for Mariners . Calhoun grounded out to second . Trout grounded out to third . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Salas pitching for Angels . Morales singled to center . Morrison doubled to right , Morales to third . Chavez singled to left , Morales scored , Morrison to third . Zunino hit by pitch , Chavez to second . Taylor flied out to right . Jackson singled to right , Morrison scored , Chavez to third , Zunino to second . Thatcher pitching for Angels . Ackley hit sacrifice fly to right , Chavez scored . Cano reached on infield single to catcher , Zunino to third , Jackson to third , Zunino and Jackson scored , Cano to third on throwing error by catcher Iannetta . Seager singled to center , Cano scored . Herrera pitching for Angels . Morales doubled to right , Seager to third . Morrison lined out to left . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 6th . Smoak at first base . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Beckham hit for Kendrick . Beckham popped out to shortstop . Navarro hit for Freese . Navarro grounded out to first . Hamilton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Jimenez at third base . Campana in center field . Buck catching . Beckham at shortstop . Navarro at first base . Green at second base . Boesch in right field . O'Malley in left field . Roth pitching for Angels . Denorfia hit for Chavez . Denorfia walked . Zunino singled to center , Denorfia to second . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Denorfia to third , Zunino safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Roth . Jackson hit sacrifice fly to right , Denorfia scored . Romero hit for Ackley . Romero grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Taylor out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 7th . Jones in center field . Romero in left field . Miller at third base . Denorfia in right field . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Green grounded out to shortstop . Boesch grounded out to second . O'Malley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Roth pitching for Angels . Cano flied out to left . Miller flied out to center . Hart hit for Morales . Hart flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Beimel pitching for Mariners . Jimenez flied out to right . Campana reached on infield single to pitcher , Campana to second on throwing error by pitcher Beimel . Buck grounded out to pitcher . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 9th . Roth pitching for Angels . Smoak walked . Denorfia singled to left , Smoak to second . Zunino hit by pitch , Smoak to third , Denorfia to second . Taylor singled to center , Smoak and Denorfia scored , Zunino to second . Jones grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Taylor out at second , Zunino to third . Romero struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Luetge pitching for Mariners . Navarro lined out to center . Cron hit for Hamilton . Cron popped out to first . Green struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 13 - Angels 2 .	Mariners rout Angels , gain in wild - card race