Mariners - Top 1st . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Jackson reached on infield single to second . Ackley struck out swinging . Cano doubled to left , Jackson scored . Morales singled to shallow left , Cano to third . Seager popped out to third . Morrison grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Reyes grounded out to third . Bautista singled to right center . Encarnacion walked , Bautista to second . Bautista to third , Encarnacion to second on wild pitch by Paxton . Navarro walked . Valencia tripled to deep center , Bautista , Encarnacion and Navarro scored . Mayberry Jr. struck out swinging . Tolleson singled to center , Valencia scored . Pompey flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Denorfia struck out swinging . Taylor singled to right center . Sucre grounded out to second , Taylor to second . Jackson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Pillar flied out to right . Reyes lined out to second . Bautista singled to shallow right . Encarnacion walked , Bautista to second . Navarro singled to shallow right , Bautista to third , Encarnacion to second , Bautista thrown out at home attempting to advance on play . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Ackley flied out to center . Cano walked . Morales struck out swinging . Seager flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Valencia doubled to right center . Mayberry Jr. walked . Tolleson sacrificed to third , Valencia to third , Mayberry Jr. to second . Pompey popped out to third . Pillar walked . Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop , Valencia scored , Mayberry Jr. to third , Pillar to second . Bautista walked , Mayberry Jr. scored , Pillar to third , Reyes to second . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Pillar scored , Reyes to third , Bautista to second on passed ball by Sucre . Encarnacion reached on infield single to shortstop , Reyes and Bautista scored . Navarro struck out looking . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Morrison singled to right , Morrison out stretching at second . Denorfia grounded out to second . Taylor safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Happ . Sucre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Valencia struck out swinging . Mayberry Jr. flied out to left . Tolleson singled to center . Pompey reached on infield single to shortstop , Tolleson to second . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tolleson scored on throwing error by shortstop Taylor , Pompey safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Taylor . Reyes lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 5th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Jackson grounded out to second . Ackley flied out to center . Cano grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Bautista homered to left center ( 437 feet ) . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Navarro flied out to left . Valencia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Morales struck out looking . Seager homered to center ( 418 feet ) . Morrison doubled to deep center . Denorfia flied out to center . Taylor grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Luetge pitching for Mariners . Mayberry Jr. popped out to second . Tolleson grounded out to third . Pompey reached on infield single to pitcher . Pillar homered to left center ( 405 feet ) , Pompey scored . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Goins at shortstop . Gose in center field . Pompey in left field . Pillar in right field . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Sucre grounded out to third . Jackson grounded out to second . Ackley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Jones in center field . Romero in left field . Miller at second base . Smoak at first base . Farquhar pitching for Mariners . Gose homered to center ( 423 feet ) . Francisco hit for Encarnacion . Francisco struck out looking . Thole hit for Navarro . Thole grounded out to shortstop . Valencia struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Thole catching . Graveman pitching for Blue Jays . Miller singled to shallow left . Hart hit for Morales . Miller to second on wild pitch by Graveman . Hart grounded out to shortstop , Miller to third . Seager grounded out to first , Miller scored . Smoak grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Beimel pitching for Mariners . Mayberry Jr. doubled to left . Tolleson reached on infield single to shortstop . Pompey grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tolleson out at second , Mayberry Jr. to third . Pillar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pompey out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Nolin pitching for Blue Jays . Denorfia homered to left ( 433 feet ) . Taylor lined out to shortstop . Sucre lined out to right . Jones grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 4 - Blue Jays 14 .	Bautista homers , Jays rout Mariners 14 - 4