White Sox - Top 1st. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Madrigal walked. Robert lined out to right. Abreu singled to center, Madrigal to second. Moncada struck out looking. Mercedes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Haniger doubled to right. France struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. White hit by pitch. Moore struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Grandal homered to left center (417 feet). García grounded out to third. Vaughn struck out swinging. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Murphy flied out to center. Fraley struck out swinging. Haggerty flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Madrigal grounded out to third. Robert walked. Abreu struck out swinging. Moncada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Crawford singled to center. Crawford to third on pickoff error by pitcher Rodón. Haniger struck out swinging. France flied out to center. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 4th. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Mercedes singled to left. Grandal grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mercedes safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Seager. García reached on bunt single to catcher, Grandal to second, Mercedes to third. Vaughn hit by pitch, Mercedes scored, García to second, Grandal to third. Hamilton singled to center, Grandal scored, Vaughn to second, García to third. Madrigal grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, García scored, Hamilton out at second, Vaughn to third. Robert popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. White struck out swinging. Moore walked. Moore stole second. Murphy walked. Fraley walked, Murphy to second, Moore to third. Haggerty grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fraley to second, Murphy to third, Moore out at home. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Abreu fouled out to first. Moncada singled to left center. Mercedes doubled to deep left, Moncada to third. Grandal singled to center, Moncada scored and Mercedes scored. García grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Grandal out at second. Vaughn struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Haniger struck out swinging. France hit by pitch. Seager flied out to left. White lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Steckenrider pitching for Mariners. Hamilton lined out to second. Madrigal grounded out to second. Robert struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Kopech pitching for White Sox. Moore struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. Fraley walked. Haggerty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Steckenrider pitching for Mariners. Abreu grounded out to third. Moncada singled to left. Mercedes reached on infield single to shortstop, Moncada to second. Grandal walked, Mercedes to second, Moncada to third. García struck out swinging. Vaughn grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Kopech pitching for White Sox. Crawford grounded out to third. Haniger doubled to shallow left. France struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Vest pitching for Mariners. Hamilton flied out to center. Madrigal flied out to right. Robert grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Ruiz pitching for White Sox. White flied out to second. Moore struck out looking. Murphy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Vest pitching for Mariners. Abreu lined out to center. Moncada struck out swinging. Mercedes continues to at bat after dropped foul ball by catcher Murphy. Mercedes walked. Grandal flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Ruiz pitching for White Sox. Fraley grounded out to first. Haggerty flied out to center. Crawford flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 6 - Mariners 0.	Mercedes gets 3 more hits, White Sox 3-hit Mariners 6-0