Angels - Top 1st. Newsome pitching for Mariners. Fletcher struck out looking. Ohtani walked. Ohtani stole second. Trout homered to center (411 feet), Ohtani scored. Rendon grounded out to second. Walsh homered to left (379 feet). Upton singled to right center. Pujols flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Canning pitching for Angels. Haniger grounded out to third. France struck out swinging. Seager grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Newsome pitching for Mariners. Iglesias singled to left. Stassi singled to left, Iglesias to second. Fletcher sacrificed to third, Stassi to second, Iglesias to third. Ohtani grounded out to first, Iglesias scored. Trout intentionally walked. Rendon doubled to deep left center, Trout scored and Stassi scored. Walsh homered to right (393 feet), Rendon scored. Upton flied out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Canning pitching for Angels. Lewis flied out to right. Marmolejos struck out swinging. Moore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Dugger pitching for Mariners. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Iglesias struck out looking. Stassi grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Canning pitching for Angels. Trammell struck out swinging. Murphy safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Iglesias. Crawford doubled to deep right, Murphy scored. Haniger safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Iglesias. France struck out swinging. Seager fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Dugger pitching for Mariners. Fletcher singled to shallow center. Ohtani flied out to left. Trout struck out looking, Fletcher stole second, Fletcher safe at third on throwing error by catcher Murphy. Rendon homered to left (360 feet), Fletcher scored. Walsh walked. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Walsh out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Canning pitching for Angels. Lewis struck out swinging. Marmolejos singled to deep right. Moore flied out to center. Marmolejos picked off first. Griffin Canning pitches to Taylor Trammell. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Dugger pitching for Mariners. Pujols struck out swinging. Iglesias flied out to right. Stassi safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Seager. Fletcher lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Canning pitching for Angels. Trammell struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. Crawford walked. Haniger fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Middleton pitching for Mariners. Ohtani popped out to third. Trout singled to right center. Rendon grounded into double play, third to second to first, Trout out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Canning pitching for Angels. France walked. Seager singled to right, France to second. Lewis struck out swinging. Claudio pitching for Angels. Marmolejos struck out looking. Moore struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Middleton pitching for Mariners. Walsh singled to left. Upton struck out swinging. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Walsh out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Rojas at first base. Rojas at first base. Claudio pitching for Angels. Trammell struck out looking. Cishek pitching for Angels. Murphy grounded out to third. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Haggerty at second base. Moore at third base. Mills pitching for Mariners. Iglesias grounded out to pitcher. Stassi lined out to right. Fletcher lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Cishek pitching for Angels. Haniger safe at first on error by first baseman Rojas. France walked, Haniger to second. Haggerty grounded into double play, second to shortstop to third, France out at second, Haniger out at third. Lewis reached on infield single to third, Haggerty to second. Marmolejos walked, Lewis to second, Haggerty to third. Mayers pitching for Angels. Moore singled to center, Haggerty scored and Lewis scored, Marmolejos to second. Trammell struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Tapia pitching for Mariners. Ohtani lined out to center. Trout grounded out to third. Rendon singled to center. Walsh singled to shallow left, Rendon to second. Rojas grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Rowen pitching for Angels. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Crawford singled to left. Haniger homered to left (424 feet), Crawford scored. France struck out swinging. Haggerty struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Mariners 5.	Walsh, Trout power Angels to 10-5 win over Mariners