Athletics - Top 1st. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Canha fouled out to first. Pinder flied out to center. Lowrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Crawford popped out to third. Haniger flied out to right. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Olson homered to left (378 feet). Murphy struck out swinging. Chapman struck out swinging. Piscotty grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. France singled to center. Fraley struck out swinging. Kelenic flied out to left. Trammell lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Andrus lined out to third. Kemp struck out swinging. Canha hit ground rule double to deep left. Pinder flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Murphy struck out looking. Walton flied out to left. Crawford singled to left center. Crawford stole second. Haniger doubled to deep left, Crawford scored. Seager doubled to deep right center, Haniger scored. France hit ground rule double to deep left, Seager scored. Fraley struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Lowrie walked. Olson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lowrie out at second. Murphy struck out swinging. Chapman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Kelenic struck out looking. Trammell homered to right center (426 feet). Murphy walked. Walton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Murphy out at second. Walton stole second. Crawford struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Santiago pitching for Mariners. Piscotty flied out to right. Andrus walked. Kemp doubled to deep right center, Andrus scored. Canha flied out to left. Pinder grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Luzardo pitching for Athletics. Haniger struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. France singled to shallow left. Fraley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Santiago pitching for Mariners. Lowrie grounded out to first. Olson struck out swinging. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Luzardo pitching for Athletics. Kelenic struck out swinging. Trammell walked. Murphy struck out swinging. Walton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Santiago pitching for Mariners. Chapman struck out swinging. Piscotty singled to center. Andrus doubled to left, Piscotty to third. Kemp hit sacrifice fly to right, Piscotty scored, Andrus to third. Sewald pitching for Mariners. Canha singled to shallow left, Andrus scored. Pinder walked, Canha to second. Lowrie walked, Pinder to second, Canha to third. Zamora pitching for Mariners. Olson singled to right, Canha scored and Pinder scored, Lowrie to second. Murphy doubled to shallow left, Olson scored and Lowrie scored. Chapman grounded out to third. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Luzardo pitching for Athletics. Crawford grounded out to second. Haniger doubled to shallow left. Seager struck out swinging. France popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Zamora pitching for Mariners. Piscotty doubled to center. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Kemp homered to right (380 feet), Piscotty scored. Canha struck out swinging. Pinder grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Diekman pitching for Athletics. Fraley walked. Kelenic struck out swinging. Trammell grounded out to shortstop, Fraley to second. Murphy homered to right (389 feet), Fraley scored. Walton lined out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Vest pitching for Mariners. Lowrie reached on infield single to third. Olson hit by pitch, Lowrie to second. Murphy walked, Olson to second, Lowrie to third. Chapman lined into double play, second to shortstop, Olson doubled off second. Piscotty singled to right, Lowrie scored, Murphy to third. Andrus walked, Piscotty to second. Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop, Murphy scored, Andrus to second, Piscotty to third. Mayfield pitching for Mariners. Canha grounded into fielder's choice to third, Andrus out at third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Romo pitching for Athletics. Crawford reached on infield single to second. Haniger popped out to shortstop. Seager singled to center, Crawford to second. France grounded out to second, Seager to second, Crawford to third. Fraley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 12 - Mariners 6.	A's rally against Seattle's bullpen, roll to 12-6 victory