Mariners - Top 1st. Burr pitching for White Sox. Crawford grounded out to third. Haniger grounded out to shortstop. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Dugger pitching for Mariners. Anderson singled to shallow right center. Goodwin singled to left, Anderson to second. Moncada struck out swinging. Grandal walked, Goodwin to second, Anderson to third. Mercedes doubled to left, Anderson scored and Goodwin scored, Grandal to third. Collins grounded out to first. Vaughn struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Burr pitching for White Sox. France grounded out to shortstop. Bauers grounded out to shortstop. Moore struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Dugger pitching for Mariners. García walked. Gonzalez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, García out at second. Anderson singled to center. Anderson stole second. Goodwin grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Crochet pitching for White Sox. Fraley walked. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fraley out at second. Murphy to second on wild pitch by Crochet. Trammell walked. Crawford walked, Trammell to second, Murphy to third. Marshall pitching for White Sox. Haniger struck out swinging. Seager walked, Murphy scored, Crawford to second, Trammell to third. France popped out to pitcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Dugger pitching for Mariners. Moncada lined out to right. Grandal flied out to center. Mercedes safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Seager. Collins doubled to deep center, Mercedes scored. Vest pitching for Mariners. Vaughn walked, Collins to third on wild pitch by Vest. García struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 4th. Heuer pitching for White Sox. Bauers lined out to second. Moore flied out to shortstop. Fraley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Vest pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Anderson struck out swinging. Goodwin flied out to center. Moncada walked. Montero pitching for Mariners. Grandal walked, Moncada to second, Gonzalez to third. Mercedes reached on infield single to third, Gonzalez scored, Grandal to second, Moncada to third. Collins doubled to deep right, Mercedes scored, Moncada scored and Grandal scored. Vaughn struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Bummer pitching for White Sox. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. Trammell struck out swinging. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Walton at shortstop. Middleton pitching for Mariners. García walked. Gonzalez walked, García to second. Anderson flied out to right, García to third. Goodwin struck out swinging. Moncada grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Lambert pitching for White Sox. Haniger doubled to left. Seager walked. France struck out looking. Bauers flied out to right. Moore singled to left, Haniger scored, Seager to second. Fraley singled to right, Moore to second, Seager thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Long Jr. at second base. Moore at third base. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Grandal flied out to center. Mercedes fouled out to first. Collins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Lambert pitching for White Sox. Murphy struck out swinging. Trammell hit by pitch. Trammell to second on balk. Walton walked. Haniger homered to left (392 feet), Trammell scored and Walton scored. Hendriks pitching for White Sox. Long Jr. struck out looking. France lined out to second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - White Sox 7.	LHP Santiago ejected, glove confiscated during Mariners' win