Mariners - Top 1st. Barria pitching for Angels. Crawford singled to shallow center. France grounded into double play, third to second to first, Crawford out at second. Seager singled to center. Haniger flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Mariners. Marsh singled to left. Ohtani tripled to deep right, Marsh scored. Gosselin grounded out to second, Ohtani scored. Mayfield lined out to right. Stassi grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Barria pitching for Angels. Kelenic grounded out to shortstop. Toro singled to left center. Torrens grounded into double play, third to second to first, Toro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Mariners. Walsh singled to right. Lagares grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Walsh out at second. Rengifo homered to left center (413 feet). Fletcher flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Diaz pitching for Angels. Fraley walked. Raleigh singled to left center, Fraley to third. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fraley scored, Raleigh out at second. France struck out swinging. Seager flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Mariners. Marsh singled to shallow left. Ohtani tripled to right, Marsh scored. Gosselin singled to center, Ohtani scored. Mayfield singled to right, Gosselin to third. Stassi walked, Mayfield to second. Walsh singled to right, Gosselin scored and Mayfield scored, Stassi to third. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Lagares struck out swinging. Rengifo reached on infield single to third, Walsh to second. Fletcher struck out swinging. Marsh hit by pitch, Stassi scored, Rengifo to second, Walsh to third. Ohtani walked, Walsh scored, Marsh to second, Rengifo to third. Gosselin singled to center, Marsh scored and Rengifo scored, Ohtani to second. Mayfield fouled out to first. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Diaz pitching for Angels. Haniger safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Rengifo. Kelenic grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Haniger out at second. Toro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 4th. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Stassi flied out to center. Walsh flied out to right. Lagares singled to left. Rengifo walked, Lagares to second. Fletcher grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rengifo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Diaz pitching for Angels. Torrens grounded out to shortstop. Fraley fouled out to third. Raleigh grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Marsh walked. Ohtani walked, Marsh to second. Gosselin walked, Ohtani to second, Marsh to third. Mayfield walked, Marsh scored, Gosselin to second, Ohtani to third. Swanson pitching for Mariners. Stassi popped out to catcher. Walsh doubled to deep center, Ohtani scored and Gosselin scored, Mayfield to third. Lagares struck out swinging. Rengifo flied out to right. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Diaz pitching for Angels. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. France flied out to center. Moore hit for Seager. Moore fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Bauers at first base. Moore at third base. Doolittle pitching for Mariners. Fletcher grounded out to third. Marsh struck out swinging. Ohtani struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Diaz pitching for Angels. Haniger flied out to center. Kelenic grounded out to first. Toro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Andriese pitching for Mariners. Wong hit for Gosselin. Andriese pitching for Mariners. Wong flied out to center. Mayfield grounded out to second. Stassi walked. Walsh singled to center, Stassi to second. Lagares struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Wong in left field. Diaz pitching for Angels. Torrens lined out to third. Fraley struck out swinging. Raleigh doubled to left. Crawford flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Matt Andriese pitching for Mariners. Moore at shortstop. Torrens at third base. Rengifo struck out swinging. Fletcher grounded out to shortstop. Marsh struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Diaz pitching for Angels. Bauers struck out swinging. Moore grounded out to third. Haniger singled to center. Kelenic struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 1 - Angels 14.	Ohtani hits consecutive triples, Angels rout Mariners 14-1