Brewers - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Weeks reached on infield single to pitcher. Hardy safe at first on error by first baseman Garciaparra, Weeks to second. Jenkins grounded into double play, second to first, Hardy out at second, Weeks to third. Lee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Furcal grounded out to second. Cruz Jr doubled to deep left. Garciaparra flied out to right. Drew struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Fielder grounded out to first. Koskie grounded out to second. Miller singled to center. Clark grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Kent doubled to deep left. Repko grounded out to first, Kent to third. Martinez singled to right, Kent scored. Martin grounded out to third, Martinez to second. Lowe grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Capuano struck out swinging. Weeks grounded out to pitcher. Hardy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Furcal reached on infield single to second. Cruz Jr singled to right, Furcal to second. Garciaparra grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cruz Jr out at second, Furcal to third. Drew grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Jenkins grounded out to first. Lee singled to left. Fielder reached on infield single to pitcher, Lee to second. Lee stole third. Koskie struck out swinging. Miller grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Kent grounded out to third. Repko singled to left. Martinez singled to left center, Repko to second. Martin doubled to deep right, Repko and Martinez scored. Lowe sacrificed to pitcher, Martin to third. Furcal grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Clark singled to center. Capuano struck out swinging. Weeks struck out swinging. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Clark out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Cruz Jr walked. Garciaparra flied out to center. Drew flied out to left. Kent singled to left, Cruz Jr to second. Repko flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Jenkins struck out swinging. Lee lined out to center. Fielder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Martinez struck out swinging. Martin singled to center. Lowe sacrificed to third, Martin to second. Furcal struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Koskie hit by pitch. Miller doubled to center, Koskie to third, Koskie scored on error by center fielder Repko. Gross hit for Capuano. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Gross walked. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gross out at second, Miller to third. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Hardy grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Cruz Jr walked. Garciaparra singled to left, Cruz Jr to second. Drew grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Garciaparra out at second, Cruz Jr to third. Kent grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Jenkins grounded out to second. Hamulack pitching for Dodgers. Lee homered to left. Fielder singled to center. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Robles at second base. Koskie singled to left, Fielder to second. Miller hit by pitch, Fielder to third, Koskie to second. Fielder scored, Koskie to third, Miller to second on wild pitch by Baez. Lehr pitching for Brewers. Clark flied out to center, Koskie thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Lehr pitching for Brewers. Repko walked. Martinez sacrificed to pitcher, Repko to second. Martin grounded out to second, Repko to third. Cirillo hit for Lehr. Robles grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Cirillo struck out looking. Weeks flied out to center. Hardy doubled to left. Wise pitching for Brewers. Jenkins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Wise pitching for Brewers. Furcal reached on bunt single to shortstop. Cruz Jr sacrificed to catcher, Furcal to second. Garciaparra singled to right, Furcal scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 3 - Dodgers 4.	Garciaparra's ninth-inning single wins it for Dodgers