Dodgers - Top 1st. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Furcal reached on infield single to second. Lofton singled to center, Furcal to third. Garciaparra grounded out to third, Lofton to second. Drew hit sacrifice fly to right, Furcal scored. Kemp singled to center, Lofton scored. Kemp stole second, Kemp safe at third on throwing error by catcher Closser. Kemp scored on Jennings' wild pitch. Aybar walked. Guzman singled to center, Aybar to second. Martin singled to right, Aybar out at home, Guzman to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. Sullivan reached on bunt single to third. Helton walked, Sullivan to second. Holliday lined out to center. Atkins homered to center, Sullivan and Helton scored. Hawpe popped out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Tomko singled to center. Furcal struck out swinging. Lofton fouled out to catcher. Garciaparra grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tomko out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Closser struck out swinging. Quintanilla struck out swinging. Jennings grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Drew tripled to deep right center. Kemp doubled to deep center, Drew scored. Aybar sacrificed to pitcher, Kemp to third. Guzman struck out swinging. Martin singled to right center, Kemp scored. Tomko struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Carroll lined out to right. Sullivan grounded out to second. Helton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Furcal lined out to center. Lofton popped out to second. Garciaparra walked. Drew doubled to deep right, Garciaparra to third. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Holliday singled to center. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to third, Holliday safe at second on error by second baseman Aybar. Hawpe grounded into fielder's choice to first, Atkins out at second, Holliday to third. Closser singled to deep right, Holliday scored, Hawpe to third. Quintanilla tripled to deep right center, Hawpe and Closser scored. Quintanilla caught stealing home, to catcher. Jennings walked. Seo pitching for Dodgers. Carroll tripled to deep center, Jennings scored. Sullivan flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Aybar grounded out to second. Guzman flied out to left. Martin flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Seo pitching for Dodgers. Helton lined out to shortstop. Holliday singled to left center. Atkins flied out to center. Ethier hit for Seo. Hawpe grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Ethier struck out looking. Furcal walked. Martin pitching for Rockies. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Lofton grounded into double play, third to second to first, Furcal out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Closser struck out swinging. Freeman hit for Martin. Quintanilla singled to center. Freeman singled to left, Quintanilla to second. Spilborghs hit for Sullivan. Carroll doubled to right, Quintanilla scored, Freeman to third. Spilborghs walked. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Helton singled to left, Freeman and Carroll scored, Spilborghs to second. Holliday grounded out to second, Spilborghs scored, Helton to second. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Freeman in center field. Atkins grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Garciaparra flied out to left. Drew singled to right. Kemp lined out to third. Aybar doubled to deep left, Drew scored. Guzman hit by pitch. Cruz Jr hit for Broxton. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Martin homered to left, Aybar and Guzman scored. Kuo pitching for Dodgers. Cruz Jr in right field. Cruz Jr struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Kuo pitching for Dodgers. Hawpe struck out swinging. Closser struck out swinging. Quintanilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Furcal struck out looking. Lofton grounded out to second. Saenz hit for Kuo. Garciaparra singled to right. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Saenz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Freeman flied out to right. Piedra hit for Mesa. Carroll grounded out to pitcher. Piedra homered to right. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Helton flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Martinez hit for Aybar. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Kemp struck out looking. Martinez flied out to right. Guzman walked. Martin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 9 - Rockies 12.	Atkins, Quintanilla help Rockies outslug Dodgers