Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Counsell grounded out to first. Byrnes reached on infield single to third. Byrnes stole second. Tracy struck out looking. Jackson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Lofton struck out swinging. Izturis doubled to center. Garciaparra hit by pitch. Drew singled to center, Izturis scored, Garciaparra to second. Kent singled to right, Garciaparra scored, Drew to third. Ethier doubled to deep right, Drew scored, Kent to third. Furcal struck out looking. Martin intentionally walked. Lowe struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Green walked. Estrada doubled to deep center, Green scored. Hudson singled to right center, Estrada to third. Cruz struck out looking. Hudson stole second, Hudson safe at third on error by catcher Martin. Counsell popped out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Lofton flied out to center. Izturis popped out to first. Garciaparra popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Byrnes doubled to left. Tracy grounded out to second, Byrnes to third. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew singled to center. Kent flied out to right. Ethier singled to right, Drew to second. Furcal singled to center, Drew scored, Ethier to second. Martin flied out to center. Lowe walked, Ethier to third, Furcal to second. Lofton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lowe out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Green singled to right. Estrada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Green out at second. DaVanon hit for Cruz. Hudson singled to right. Ed Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. DaVanon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Garciaparra hit by pitch. Drew struck out swinging. Kent flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Counsell doubled to deep right. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. Tracy grounded out to first, Counsell to third. Jackson walked. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier safe at second on error by left fielder Gonzalez. Furcal flied out to left. Cruz Jr hit for Lowe. Martin hit by pitch. Cruz Jr singled to deep right, Ethier scored, Martin to third. Lofton doubled to right, Martin scored, Cruz Jr to third. Izturis hit sacrifice fly to right, Cruz Jr scored, Lofton to third. Garciaparra singled to right, Lofton scored. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew safe at first on throwing error by catcher Estrada, Garciaparra to second. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Cruz Jr in right field. Kent reached on infield single to shortstop, Garciaparra hit by batted ball out at third, Drew to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Green struck out swinging. Estrada fouled out to catcher. Green hit for Aquino. Hudson walked. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier struck out swinging. Furcal grounded out to second. Martin grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Counsell walked. Counsell to second on wild pitch by Broxton. Byrnes fouled out to first. Tracy grounded out to first, Counsell to third. Jackson hit by pitch. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Kemp hit for Lofton. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz Jr flied out to right. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cruz Jr safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Tracy. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cruz Jr to third, Kemp safe at second on error by shortstop Counsell. Arizona's Choate ejected by Barrett in the 7th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Saenz hit for Broxton. Saenz struck out looking. Kent struck out swinging. Ethier safe at first on error by shortstop Counsell, Kemp scored, Izturis to third, Garciaparra to second. Kemp in center field. Kuo pitching for Dodgers. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 3 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Kuo pitching for Dodgers. Green singled to right. Estrada singled to center, Green to second. Easley hit for Medders. Hudson struck out looking. Easley singled to left, Green scored, Estrada to second. Counsell struck out swinging. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Easley out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin hit ground rule double to deep left. Cruz Jr flied out to center, Martin to third. Kemp struck out swinging. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Kuo pitching for Dodgers. Tracy walked. Jackson popped out to second. Gonzalez flied out to center. Green doubled to deep left center, Tracy scored. Estrada lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Dodgers 10.	Nomar plunked three times as Dodgers dazzle D-backs