Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Counsell struck out swinging. Hudson homered to right. Green flied out to right. Byrnes doubled to deep left. Gonzalez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal flied out to right. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Tracy singled to left. Clark grounded out to second, Tracy to second. Snyder grounded out to shortstop. En Gonzalez singled to center, Tracy scored, En Gonzalez to second advancing on throw. Counsell grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew doubled to deep left. Martinez grounded out to second, Drew to third. Ethier grounded out to shortstop, Drew scored. Izturis safe at first on error by first baseman Clark. Izturis caught stealing second, catcher to second. Martin batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Hudson grounded out to second. Green singled to right. Byrnes popped out to second. Gonzalez singled to left, Green to second. Tracy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin singled to left center. Sele singled to right, Martin to second. Furcal sacrificed to pitcher, Martin to third, Sele to second. Lofton singled to center, Martin and Sele scored. Garciaparra singled to center, Lofton to second. Drew walked, Lofton to third, Garciaparra to second. Martinez struck out swinging. Ethier walked, Lofton scored, Garciaparra to third, Drew to second. Izturis singled to center, Garciaparra and Drew scored, Ethier thrown out at third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Clark walked. Snyder flied out to right. En Gonzalez grounded out to third, Clark to second. Counsell bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin singled to left. Sele sacrificed to pitcher, Martin to second. Furcal singled to left, Martin to third. Lofton hit sacrifice fly to right, Martin scored. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Hudson struck out looking. Green struck out swinging. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Byrnes popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew hit by pitch. Martinez walked, Drew to second. Ethier tripled to right, Drew and Martinez scored. Izturis flied out to left. Martin hit sacrifice fly to center, Ethier scored. Sele flied out to center. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez flied out to center. Tracy flied out to left. Clark singled to right center. Snyder struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal singled to right. Kemp ran for Lofton. Lofton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Furcal out at second. Garciaparra flied out to right. Drew doubled to deep left, Kemp scored. Kemp in center field. Carrara pitching for Dodgers. Cruz Jr in right field. Green hit for Medders. Martinez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Carrara pitching for Dodgers. Green singled to left. Counsell grounded into fielder's choice to second, Green out at second. Hudson struck out swinging, Counsell stole second. Counsell to third on wild pitch by Carrara. Green walked. Byrnes singled to center, Counsell scored, Green to second. DaVanon in left field. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Green at second base. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier lined out to second. Hall hit for Martin. Izturis reached on infield single to shortstop. Hall flied out to left. Cruz Jr doubled to left, Izturis to third. Hall catching. Furcal grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Carrara pitching for Dodgers. Tracy walked. Clark lined out to left. Snyder flied out to left. Julio pitching for Diamondbacks. Green grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tracy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Saenz hit for Garciaparra. Julio pitching for Diamondbacks. Kemp struck out swinging. Alomar Jr hit for Carrara. Saenz struck out swinging. Saenz at first base. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Alomar Jr popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Counsell grounded out to third. DaVanon flied out to left. Green hit by pitch. Byrnes fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Dodgers 11.	Rookie Ethier has four RBI as Dodgers rout Arizona