Dodgers - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. Lofton reached on infield single to shortstop. Garciaparra lined into double play, second to first, Lofton doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Byrnes reached on infield single to third. Tracy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Byrnes out at second. Gonzalez singled to right, Tracy to second. Jackson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew grounded out to first. Ethier singled to left center. Aybar flied out to right. Martinez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Estrada grounded out to shortstop. Green reached on infield single to second. Hudson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Green out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Hall grounded out to third. Lowe grounded out to shortstop. Furcal struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Drew struck out swinging. Batista struck out looking. Byrnes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. Drew flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Tracy singled to left. Gonzalez doubled to deep center, Tracy scored. Jackson grounded out to third. Estrada singled to center, Gonzalez scored. Green homered to center, Estrada scored. Hudson grounded out to third. Drew hit ground rule double to right. Batista grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier singled to center. Aybar flied out to left. Martinez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ethier out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Byrnes singled to center. Tracy grounded out to second, Byrnes to second. Gonzalez singled to right, Byrnes to third. Jackson safe at first on error by third baseman Aybar, Byrnes scored, Gonzalez to second. Aybar at second base. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Saenz at third base. Estrada reached on infield single to shortstop, Gonzalez to third, Jackson to second. Green struck out swinging. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Estrada out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Hall grounded out to third. Saenz struck out swinging. Furcal reached on infield single to third. Furcal stole second. Lofton walked. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Drew hit ground rule double to deep right center. Batista grounded out to first, Drew to third. Byrnes grounded out to second. Tracy walked. Drew scored, Tracy to second on balk by Beimel. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew grounded out to shortstop. Ethier popped out to shortstop. Ledee hit for Beimel. Aybar walked. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Ledee flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Jackson struck out swinging. Estrada struck out swinging. Green walked. Hudson homered to right center, Green scored. Drew tripled to deep right center. Batista struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Hall fouled out to first. Saenz doubled to deep center. Furcal flied out to left. Carrara pitching for Dodgers. Cruz Jr in center field. Lofton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Carrara pitching for Dodgers. Byrnes grounded out to third. Tracy flied out to center. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Garciaparra singled to left. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to second, Garciaparra out at second. Ethier flied out to center. Aybar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 0 - Diamondbacks 8.	D-Backs blank Dodgers behind Batista's six-hitter