Rockies - Top 1st. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Matsui singled to left. Helton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Matsui out at second. Atkins singled to right, Helton to second. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to second, Atkins out at second, Helton to third. Hawpe grounded into fielder's choice to second, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Furcal flied out to left. Kemp grounded out to second. Drew struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Torrealba struck out looking. Sullivan lined out to left. Barmes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Kent doubled to deep left. Garciaparra safe at first on error by second baseman Matsui, Kent to third. Ethier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kent scored, Garciaparra to second. Betemit grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ethier out at second, Garciaparra to third. Martin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Betemit out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Cook grounded out to shortstop. Matsui grounded out to first. Helton singled to left. Atkins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Penny struck out swinging. Furcal walked. Kemp struck out looking. Drew doubled to deep right, Furcal scored. Kent intentionally walked. Garciaparra homered to center, Drew and Kent scored. Ethier doubled to deep right center. Betemit singled to right, Ethier scored. Martin popped out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Holliday struck out swinging. Hawpe flied out to center. Torrealba grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Penny popped out to shortstop. Furcal struck out swinging. Kemp grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Sullivan grounded out to shortstop. Barmes singled to left. Cook out on batter's interference to catcher. Cook batting. Barmes caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Matsui batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Drew homered to center. Kent popped out to second. Garciaparra grounded out to third. Ethier walked. Betemit lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Matsui reached on infield single to second. Helton lined out to right. Atkins singled to left, Matsui to second. Holliday singled to right, Matsui scored, Atkins to second. Hawpe singled to center, Atkins scored, Holliday to second. Torrealba grounded into fielder's choice to second, Holliday to third, Hawpe safe at second on error by second baseman Kent. Dessens pitching for Dodgers. Sullivan doubled to deep center, Holliday, Hawpe and Torrealba scored. Spilborghs hit for Cook. Barmes struck out looking. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Lugo hit for Dessens. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Martin singled to left. Lugo singled to center, Martin to second, Martin to third on error by center fielder Sullivan. Furcal singled to right, Martin scored, Lugo to second. Kemp struck out swinging. Drew walked, Lugo to third, Furcal to second. Repko ran for Kent. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Kent walked, Lugo scored, Furcal to third, Drew to second. Garciaparra doubled to deep left, Furcal, Drew and Repko scored. Ethier singled to right, Garciaparra to third, Ethier to second advancing on throw. Betemit intentionally walked. Martin hit sacrifice fly to left, Garciaparra scored. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Repko in right field. Lugo at second base. Lugo struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 7th. Castilla hit for Helton. Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Matsui grounded out to third. Castilla grounded out to second. Atkins doubled to deep center. Castilla at first base. Holliday grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Furcal doubled to center. Hall hit for Beimel. Kemp struck out swinging. Hall flied out to left. Hall catching. Loney at first base. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Freeman hit for Hawpe. Repko grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Freeman struck out swinging. Torrealba fouled out to third. Tulowitzki at shortstop. Freeman in right field. Barmes at second base. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Sullivan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Loney homered to center. Ethier flied out to left. Martinez hit for Hendrickson. Betemit singled to center. Martinez hit by pitch, Betemit to second. Anderson hit for Furcal. Lugo reached on infield single to shortstop, Betemit to third, Martinez to second. Kuo pitching for Dodgers. Martinez at shortstop. Anderson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lugo out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Kuo pitching for Dodgers. Barmes struck out swinging. Carroll hit for Corpas. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Carroll struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 5 - Dodgers 14.	Penny's 15th victory, Nomar's six RBI pick up Dodgers