Dodgers - Top 1st. Bush pitching for Brewers. Furcal grounded out to first. Lofton singled to left. Garciaparra grounded out to pitcher, Lofton to second. Lofton to third on passed ball by Miller. Drew doubled to deep right, Lofton scored. Kent grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Graffanino grounded out to shortstop. Cirillo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Bush pitching for Brewers. Ethier grounded out to pitcher. Betemit grounded out to first. Martin singled to right. Maddux grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Fielder singled to center. Hart singled to left, Fielder to second. Jenkins flied out to center, Fielder to third, Hart to second. Bell hit sacrifice fly to left, Fielder scored. Hart to third on passed ball by Martin. Miller grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Bush pitching for Brewers. Furcal grounded out to first. Lofton flied out to left. Garciaparra fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Bush struck out swinging. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Graffanino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Drew doubled to deep left center. Kent struck out swinging. Ethier grounded out to shortstop, Drew to third. Betemit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Cirillo grounded out to third. Fielder walked. Fielder stole second. Hart grounded out to third. Jenkins intentionally walked. Bell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Martin grounded out to second. Maddux struck out swinging. Furcal struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Miller singled to center. Bush sacrificed to catcher, Miller to second. Clark reached on infield single to pitcher, Miller to third. Graffanino doubled to deep right, Miller scored, Clark to third. Cirillo hit sacrifice fly to center, Clark scored, Graffanino to third. Fielder intentionally walked. Hart singled to left, Graffanino scored, Fielder to second. Jenkins singled to left, Fielder thrown out at home, Hart to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Lofton singled to right. Garciaparra popped out to second. Lofton stole second, Lofton safe at third on throwing error by catcher Miller. Drew singled to right, Lofton scored. Kent hit ground rule double to deep center, Drew to third. Ethier walked. Betemit struck out swinging. Martin singled to left, Drew scored, Kent thrown out at home, Ethier to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Bell singled to left. Miller singled to left, Bell to second. Bush bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bell out at third, Miller to second. Carrara pitching for Dodgers. Clark singled to left, Miller to third, Bush to second. Graffanino singled to right, Miller and Bush scored, Clark to third. Hamulack pitching for Dodgers. Cirillo hit by pitch, Graffanino to second. Anderson hit for Hamulack. Fielder grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cirillo out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Anderson flied out to center. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Lofton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Hart struck out looking. Jenkins singled to right. Bell struck out swinging. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Shouse pitching for Brewers. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. Drew grounded out to third. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Nix hit for Shouse. Kent struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Nix struck out swinging. Clark struck out swinging. Graffanino singled to center. Cordero pitching for Brewers. Cirillo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Graffanino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Brewers. Ethier struck out swinging. Betemit singled to right. Martin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Betemit out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 3 - Brewers 6.	Maddux loses first as Dodger