Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Byrnes singled to right. Hudson struck out swinging, Byrnes stole second. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Estrada fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal singled to center. Furcal stole second. Lofton singled to left, Furcal to third. Lofton stole second. Garciaparra doubled to right, Furcal and Lofton scored. Kent grounded out to third. Drew doubled to deep center, Garciaparra scored. Betemit grounded out to first, Drew to third. Anderson grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Tracy struck out swinging, Tracy safe at first on passed ball by Martin. Jackson doubled to deep right, Tracy scored. Drew struck out swinging. Quentin homered to left center, Jackson scored. Batista struck out swinging. Byrnes struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin doubled to deep right. Penny bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Martin out at third. Furcal grounded into double play, to first, Penny out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Hudson doubled to left. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Estrada singled to left center, Hudson scored. Tracy popped out to second. Jackson hit by pitch, Estrada to second. Drew grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Lofton grounded out to first. Garciaparra lined out to shortstop. Kent grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Quentin walked. Batista struck out swinging. Byrnes singled to center, Quentin to second. Hudson reached on infield single to shortstop, Quentin to third, Byrnes to second. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Quentin scored, Byrnes to third, Hudson safe at second on error by shortstop Furcal. Estrada grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew doubled to deep center. Betemit struck out swinging. Anderson lined out to right. Martin flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Tracy grounded out to second. Jackson flied out to right. Drew singled to right. Quentin singled to right, Drew to third. Ethier hit for Penny. Batista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier flied out to center. Furcal grounded out to second. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Lofton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. Hudson grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. Kent flied out to right. Drew walked. Betemit grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Estrada singled to left. Tracy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Estrada out at second. Counsell ran for Tracy. Counsell stole second, Counsell safe at third on throwing error by catcher Martin. Jackson singled to right, Counsell scored. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Lugo at third base. Drew struck out looking. Quentin singled to left, Jackson to second. Counsell at third base. Batista struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Anderson walked. Martin grounded out to pitcher, Anderson to second. Lugo grounded out to third. Furcal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Byrnes reached on infield single to third. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Byrnes out at second. Gonzalez struck out looking, Hudson stole second. Estrada flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Lofton walked. Garciaparra grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lofton out at second. Dessens pitching for Dodgers. Kent flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Dessens pitching for Dodgers. Counsell singled to right. Jackson singled to left, Counsell to second. Drew singled to left, Counsell scored, Jackson to second. Callaspo hit for Batista. Quentin flied out to center, Jackson to third. Carrara pitching for Dodgers. Callaspo walked, Drew to second. Byrnes singled to center, Jackson and Drew scored, Callaspo to second. Hudson flied out to left. Byrnes in left field. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Young in center field. Gonzalez fouled out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Loney hit for Carrara. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew singled to right center. Loney flied out to center. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Drew out at second. Martin flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 9 - Dodgers 3.	Dodgers get routed, lose ground in playoff chase