Dodgers - Top 1st. Kim pitching for Rockies. Furcal singled to right. Lofton grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Furcal out at second. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Matsui doubled to deep left. Sullivan walked. Atkins struck out looking. Holliday homered to right, Matsui and Sullivan scored. Helton singled to left. Baker doubled to deep right, Helton to third. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Iannetta intentionally walked. Kim struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Kent walked. Drew doubled to deep right center, Kent to third. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher. Betemit lined out to right. Robles hit for Penny. Loney homered to left, Kent, Drew and Martin scored. Robles grounded out to shortstop. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Furcal flied out to center. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Matsui singled to center. Sullivan walked, Matsui to second. Atkins flied out to right. Holliday fouled out to catcher. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Lofton singled to center. Lofton stole second. Anderson walked. Hampson pitching for Rockies. Kent hit by pitch, Lofton to third, Anderson to second. Drew walked, Lofton scored, Anderson to third, Kent to second. Martin singled to right center, Anderson scored, Kent tagged out at home, Drew to second. Betemit struck out looking. Loney doubled to right, Drew and Martin scored. Billingsley flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Baker doubled to right. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Baker to third on wild pitch by Billingsley. Salazar hit for Hampson. Iannetta struck out swinging. Salazar walked. Martin pitching for Rockies. Matsui flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Martin pitching for Rockies. Furcal grounded out to second. Lofton flied out to left. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Sullivan singled to center. Atkins flied out to right. Holliday walked, Sullivan to second. Helton singled to left, Sullivan scored, Holliday to third. Baker reached on infield single to pitcher, Holliday scored, Helton to second. Tulowitzki singled to right, Helton scored, Baker to second. Baker picked off second. Castilla hit for Martin. Iannetta singled to right, Tulowitzki to third. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Castilla singled to center, Tulowitzki scored, Iannetta to second. Iannetta to third, Castilla to second on wild pitch by Beimel. Spilborghs hit for Sullivan. Matsui walked. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Spilborghs reached on infield single to third, Iannetta scored, Castilla to third, Matsui to second. Atkins singled to right center, Castilla and Matsui scored, Spilborghs to third. Spilborghs in center field. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Holliday lined out to left. 7 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Kent doubled to deep left. Drew reached on infield single to shortstop, Kent scored. Martin walked, Drew to second. Venafro pitching for Rockies. Betemit singled to left, Kent scored, Drew to third, Martin to second. Garciaparra hit for Sele. Loney singled to center, Drew scored, Martin to third, Betemit to second. Garciaparra flied out to right. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Furcal lined into double play, second to shortstop, Betemit doubled off second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Helton walked. Baker fouled out to first. Tulowitzki flied out to right. Carroll hit for Venafro. Iannetta walked, Helton to second. King pitching for Rockies. Carroll flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. King pitching for Rockies. Lofton homered to right center. Anderson homered to right. Kent walked. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Drew struck out looking. Martin doubled to left, Kent to third. Betemit doubled to deep left center, Kent and Martin scored. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Loney homered to right, Betemit scored. Hendrickson walked. Furcal walked, Hendrickson to second. Lofton safe at first on error by third baseman Atkins, Hendrickson scored, Furcal to third. Anderson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lofton out at second. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Matsui struck out swinging. Spilborghs walked. Atkins singled to center, Spilborghs to second. Holliday flied out to right, Spilborghs to third. Helton reached on infield single to second, Spilborghs scored, Atkins to second. Baker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Atkins out at third, Helton to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Kent grounded out to shortstop. Drew struck out swinging. Repko in center field. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Lugo at second base. Martin grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. Freeman hit for Affeldt. Iannetta grounded out to first. Bautista pitching for Rockies. Freeman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Bautista pitching for Rockies. Betemit lined out to second. Loney struck out swinging. Lugo singled to center. Furcal walked, Lugo to second. Lugo to third, Furcal to second on passed ball by Iannetta. Repko singled to left, Lugo and Furcal scored. Repko in right field. Kemp in center field. Anderson popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Matsui walked. Spilborghs singled to left, Matsui to second. Atkins grounded into double play, third to second to first, Spilborghs out at second. Young hit for Tomko. Holliday struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Bautista pitching for Rockies. Young grounded out to second. Kemp struck out swinging. Ethier in left field. Stults pitching for Dodgers. Martin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Stults pitching for Dodgers. Helton grounded out to pitcher. Baker flied out to right. Tulowitzki popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 19 - Rockies 11.	Loney (9 RBI) ties team record as Dodgers blast Rockies