Mets - Top 1st. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Reyes flied out to center. Lo Duca walked. Beltran singled to right center, Lo Duca thrown out at third. Delgado singled to right, Beltran to third. Wright singled to left, Beltran scored, Delgado to second. Floyd singled to left, Delgado scored, Wright to second. Green singled to left, Wright scored, Floyd to second. Valentin lined out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Trachsel pitching for Mets. Furcal struck out looking. Lofton popped out to third. Anderson singled to right. Kent safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Wright, Anderson to second. Drew grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Top 2nd. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Trachsel grounded out to second. Reyes safe at first on error by first baseman Loney. Reyes caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lo Duca hit by pitch. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lo Duca out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Trachsel pitching for Mets. Martin singled to right center. Betemit flied out to left. Loney grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Delgado grounded out to second. Wright flied out to center. Floyd singled to left center. Green doubled to deep left center, Floyd scored. Valentin intentionally walked. Chavez in left field. Trachsel grounded into fielder's choice to third, Green out at third, Valentin to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Trachsel pitching for Mets. Maddux struck out looking. Furcal walked. Lofton flied out to right. Furcal stole second. Anderson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Reyes grounded out to first. Lo Duca grounded out to pitcher. Beltran fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Trachsel pitching for Mets. Kent singled to center. Drew flied out to right. Martin reached on infield single to shortstop, Kent to second. Betemit singled to right center, Kent to third, Martin to second. Ethier hit for Maddux. Loney doubled to center, Kent and Martin scored, Betemit to third. Oliver pitching for Mets. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Ethier lined into double play, pitcher to third, Betemit out at third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Delgado grounded out to first. Wright walked. Chavez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Wright out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Oliver pitching for Mets. Furcal grounded out to first. Lofton bunt grounded out to pitcher. Anderson singled to right. Kent homered to left, Anderson scored. Drew singled to center. Bradford pitching for Mets. Martin singled to left, Drew to second. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Betemit walked, Drew to third, Martin to second. Garciaparra hit for Hendrickson. Loney walked, Drew scored, Martin to third, Betemit to second. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Garciaparra grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Green doubled to deep right. Tucker hit for Feliciano. Valentin popped out to second. Tucker walked. Reyes singled to center, Green scored, Tucker to second. Lo Duca singled to left, Tucker scored, Reyes to third, Lo Duca to second advancing on throw. Beltran singled to left, Reyes scored, Lo Duca to third. Delgado struck out swinging. Beltran stole second. Mota pitching for Mets. Wright struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Mota pitching for Mets. Furcal grounded out to first. Lofton singled to center. Anderson flied out to center. Kent hit ground rule double to deep left, Lofton to third. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Drew flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Chavez singled to center. Green grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. Valentin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Mota pitching for Mets. Martin flied out to center. Betemit fouled out to third. Saenz hit for Billingsley. Loney singled to right center. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Woodward hit for Mota. Saenz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Woodward doubled to left. Reyes lined out to center, Woodward to third. Lo Duca singled to right, Woodward scored. Lo Duca to second on balk by Tomko. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Beltran walked. Delgado grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lo Duca scored on throwing error by third baseman Betemit, Beltran safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Betemit. Wright struck out swinging. Heilman pitching for Mets. Chavez popped out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Heilman pitching for Mets. Furcal singled to left. Lofton flied out to left. Anderson flied out to center. Kent singled to center, Furcal to second. Drew grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Green grounded out to first. Franco hit for Heilman. Valentin struck out swinging. Wagner pitching for Mets. Franco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Wagner pitching for Mets. Martin struck out swinging. Betemit struck out swinging. Martinez hit for Saito. Loney singled to left. Martinez fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 9 - Dodgers 5.	Green helps Mets break out broom on Dodgers in NLDS