Orioles - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Pearce struck out looking . Davis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Norris pitching for Orioles . Reyes grounded out to first . Donaldson flied out to left . Bautista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Jones singled to center . Young lined out to right . Snider struck out swinging . Machado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Norris pitching for Orioles . Encarnación homered to center ( 425 feet ) . Navarro doubled to deep right , Navarro to third on error by right fielder Snider . Martin walked . Pompey walked , Martin to second . Pillar struck out swinging . Goins singled to right , Navarro and Martin scored , Pompey to second , Pompey to third , Goins to second advancing on throw . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pompey scored , Goins to third . Reyes stole second . Goins scored , Reyes safe at third on throwing error by catcher Joseph . Donaldson doubled to right , Reyes scored . Bautista lined out to left . Encarnación fouled out to catcher . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Joseph singled to center . Flaherty doubled to center , Joseph scored . Cabrera grounded out to second , Flaherty to third . Pearce grounded out to third , Flaherty scored . Davis singled to right . Jones doubled to right center , Davis thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Norris pitching for Orioles . Navarro lined out to center . Martin walked . Pompey doubled to right , Martin to third . Pillar singled to right center , Martin and Pompey scored , Pillar to second advancing on throw . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Goins singled to left center , Pillar scored . Reyes flied out to left . Donaldson walked , Goins to second . Bautista lined out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Young grounded out to pitcher . Snider reached on infield single to third . Machado reached on bunt single to third , Snider to second . Joseph flied out to left , Snider to third . Flaherty grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Encarnación lined out to center . Navarro struck out swinging . Martin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Pearce grounded out to shortstop . Davis walked . Jones flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Pompey doubled to left . Pillar singled to left , Pompey to third . Goins popped out to first . Reyes hit sacrifice fly to center , Pompey scored . Donaldson singled to center , Pillar to second . Bautista flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Young doubled to left . Snider grounded out to second , Young to third . Machado hit sacrifice fly to left , Young scored . Joseph lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Encarnación homered to left ( 463 feet ) . Navarro reached on infield single to second . Martin lined out to right . Pompey singled to left , Navarro to second . Garcia pitching for Orioles . Pillar grounded out to first , Navarro to third , Pompey to second . Goins hit by pitch . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goins out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Flaherty walked . Cabrera singled to left , Flaherty to second . Pearce popped out to second . Davis safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Goins , Flaherty scored , Cabrera to third . Jones lined into double play , left to second , Davis doubled off second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Garcia pitching for Orioles . Donaldson doubled to left . Donaldson to third on wild pitch by Garcia . Bautista homered to center ( 412 feet ) , Donaldson scored . Encarnación lined out to third . Navarro singled to deep center , Navarro out stretching at second . Martin flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Smoak at first base . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Young singled to right . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Snider doubled to left , Young to third . Machado grounded out to first , Young scored , Snider to third . Snider scored on Martin 's passed ball . Joseph grounded out to shortstop . Flaherty grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Lough in center field . Brach pitching for Orioles . Pompey grounded out to second . Pillar grounded out to second . Goins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera singled to right . Pearce struck out swinging . Davis struck out looking . Lough struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 6 - Blue Jays 13 .	Encarnacion hits 2 home runs , Blue Jays beat Orioles 13 - 6