White Sox - Top 1st . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Eaton struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Abreu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Samardzija pitching for White Sox . De Aza walked . Paredes grounded into fielder 's choice to first , De Aza safe at second on error by first baseman Abreu . Young singled to center , De Aza to third , Paredes to second . Jones hit sacrifice fly to right , De Aza scored . Davis homered to right ( 414 feet ) , Paredes and Young scored . Machado doubled to left center . Cabrera doubled to left , Machado scored . Joseph singled to shallow right center , Cabrera scored . Navarro fouled out to right . De Aza singled to shallow center , Joseph to second . Paredes grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . LaRoche grounded out to first . García singled to right . Gillaspie grounded into double play , second to third to first , García out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Samardzija pitching for White Sox . Young flied out to first . Jones flied out to center . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Ramírez grounded out to second . Soto lined out to center . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Samardzija pitching for White Sox . Machado singled to right . Cabrera doubled to right , Machado to third . Joseph singled to left , Machado scored , Cabrera to third . Navarro flied out to left . De Aza grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Joseph out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Eaton grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to center . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Samardzija pitching for White Sox . Paredes struck out swinging . Young grounded out to third . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . LaRoche walked . García reached on infield single to third , LaRoche to second . Gillaspie flied out to left . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LaRoche to third , García safe at second on error by third baseman Machado , LaRoche scored , García to third , Ramírez to second advancing on play . Soto grounded out to shortstop , García scored . Johnson grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Samardzija pitching for White Sox . Davis struck out swinging . Machado homered to left center ( 400 feet ) . Cabrera struck out swinging . Joseph flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Eaton flied out to left . Cabrera reached on infield single to second . Abreu grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Navarro grounded out to first . De Aza lined out to first . Paredes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . LaRoche struck out swinging . García struck out looking . Gillaspie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Young grounded out to shortstop . Jones doubled to deep right center . Davis lined out to left . Machado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Lough in left field . De Aza in right field . Ramírez struck out looking . Soto struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Joseph struck out swinging . Navarro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Bonifacio hit for Eaton . Britton pitching for Orioles . Bonifacio singled to right . Cabrera grounded out to second , Bonifacio to second . Abreu grounded out to shortstop , Bonifacio to third . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 2 - Orioles 8 .	O 's trounce White Sox at empty Camden Yards