Blue Jays - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Travis struck out swinging . Donaldson walked . Bautista singled to right , Donaldson to second . Encarnación popped out to second . Martin fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Machado grounded out to second . De Aza singled to right center . Paredes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , De Aza out at second . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Paredes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Colabello struck out swinging . Pillar popped out to shortstop . Goins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Davis walked . Hardy walked , Davis to second . Lough sacrificed to catcher , Davis to third , Hardy to second . Joseph doubled to left , Davis and Hardy scored . Navarro grounded out to second , Joseph to third . Machado doubled to deep center , Joseph scored . De Aza doubled to deep right , Machado scored . De Aza to third on wild pitch by Sánchez . Paredes reached on infield single to shortstop , De Aza scored . Jones flied out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Carrera hit by pitch . Travis singled to right , Carrera to third , Travis to second advancing on throw . Donaldson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Carrera out at third . Bautista grounded into double play , third to second to first , Donaldson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Davis doubled to deep left . Hardy lined out to left . Lough lined out to center . Joseph grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Encarnación flied out to right . Martin lined out to second . Colabello grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Navarro lined out to center . Machado grounded out to shortstop . De Aza hit by pitch . Paredes safe at first on error by pitcher Sánchez , De Aza to second . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Paredes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Pillar struck out swinging . Goins popped out to second . Carrera popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Hardy struck out looking . Lough reached on infield single to first . Joseph grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lough out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Travis grounded out to shortstop . Donaldson grounded out to third . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Navarro flied out to left . Machado fouled out to first . De Aza walked . Paredes walked , De Aza to second . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Jones hit by pitch , De Aza to third , Paredes to second . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Encarnación lined out to third . Martin flied out to right . Colabello grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Hardy flied out to left . Lough walked . Lough caught stealing second , catcher to second . Joseph grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Pillar walked . Goins singled to right , Pillar to second . Valencia hit for Carrera . Valencia struck out looking . Travis flied out to right , Pillar to third . Donaldson walked , Goins to second , Pillar scored on passed ball . Donaldson batting . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Bautista grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Valencia in left field . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Navarro homered to left ( 351 feet ) . Machado fouled out to third . De Aza struck out swinging . Paredes doubled to deep right . Jones flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Encarnación struck out swinging . Martin singled to left center . Colabello struck out swinging . Pillar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 1 - Orioles 6 .	Gonzalez solid , Orioles top Blue Jays 6 - 1