Phillies - Top 1st . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Hernández walked . Hernández stole second . Herrera struck out swinging . Franco fouled out to first . Howard lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Phillies . Machado homered to left ( 412 feet ) . Snider walked . Paredes flied out to center . Davis walked , Snider to second . Parmelee singled to right , Snider to third , Davis to second . Hardy singled to center , Snider scored , Davis to third , Parmelee to second . Flaherty singled to right , Davis and Parmelee scored , Hardy to second . Joseph flied out to right . Hardy to third , Flaherty to second on wild pitch by Williams . Flaherty and Hardy scored on Williams ' wild pitch . Lough struck out looking . McGowan pitching for Phillies . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Utley lined out to right . Brown flied out to right . Asche flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . McGowan pitching for Phillies . Machado homered to center ( 409 feet ) . Snider grounded out to pitcher . Paredes homered to right center ( 381 feet ) . Davis struck out swinging . Parmelee homered to right center ( 437 feet ) . Hardy struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Ruiz flied out to right . Galvis singled to center . Hernández grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Galvis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . McGowan pitching for Phillies . Flaherty walked . Joseph safe at first on error by third baseman Franco , Flaherty to second . Lough homered to right center ( 385 feet ) , Flaherty and Joseph scored . Machado grounded out to third . Snider walked . Paredes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Snider out at second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 4th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Herrera doubled to deep center . Franco popped out to second . Howard walked . Utley flied out to center , Herrera to third . Brown reached on infield single to second , Herrera scored , Howard to second . Howard to third , Brown to second on wild pitch by Tillman . Asche flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . McGowan pitching for Phillies . Davis homered to right ( 371 feet ) . Parmelee singled to center . Hardy reached on infield single to shortstop , Parmelee to second . Flaherty grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Hardy out at second , Parmelee to third . Joseph struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Ruiz flied out to right . Galvis grounded out to third . Hernández lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Lough struck out swinging . Machado walked . Snider doubled to deep center , Machado scored . Paredes fouled out to third . Davis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Herrera walked . Franco homered to left center ( 378 feet ) , Herrera scored . Howard struck out swinging . Utley struck out looking . Brown grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Parmelee homered to right center ( 376 feet ) . Araujo pitching for Phillies . Hardy singled to right . Flaherty grounded out to pitcher , Hardy to second . Joseph reached first base on catcher 's interference . Lough grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Joseph out at second , Hardy to third . Machado singled to right , Hardy scored , Lough to third . Snider doubled to left , Lough scored , Machado to third . Paredes grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . Pearce at second base . Flaherty at shortstop . Brach pitching for Orioles . Asche lined out to center . Ruiz grounded out to second . Galvis singled to left . Hernández lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Francoeur pitching for Phillies . Reimold hit for Davis . Reimold struck out looking . Parmelee grounded out to first . Pearce lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Paredes at third base . Reimold in right field . Parmelee at first base . Herrera struck out swinging . Franco safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Paredes . Howard struck out swinging . Utley popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Francoeur pitching for Phillies . Flaherty homered to center ( 432 feet ) . Joseph hit by pitch . Lough flied out to center . Wieters hit for Matusz . Wieters walked , Joseph to second . Snider walked , Joseph to third , Wieters to second . Paredes hit sacrifice fly to left , Joseph scored . Reimold walked , Wieters to third , Snider to second . Parmelee flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Wieters at first base . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Brown singled to right . Asche grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Brown out at second . Ruiz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Asche out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 3 - Orioles 19 .	O 's mash team - record 8 homers to drub Phillies