Orioles - Top 1st . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Machado grounded out to shortstop . Parmelee struck out looking . Jones walked . Davis walked , Jones to second . Wieters grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles . Reyes flied out to center . Donaldson struck out swinging . Bautista hit by pitch . Encarnación doubled to center , Bautista scored . Smoak hit ground rule double to left , Encarnación scored . Colabello walked . Navarro flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Hardy flied out to center . Flaherty walked . Pearce popped out to second . Lough fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles . Pillar flied out to right . Goins walked . Reyes singled to shallow center , Goins to third . Donaldson walked , Reyes to second . Bautista walked , Goins scored , Reyes to third , Donaldson to second . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Encarnación walked , Reyes scored , Donaldson to third , Bautista to second . Smoak grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Encarnación out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Machado walked . Parmelee struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . Machado stole second . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Colabello doubled to right , Colabello to third on throwing error by right fielder Parmelee . Navarro hit sacrifice fly to left , Colabello scored . Pillar doubled to shallow right . Goins grounded out to first , Pillar to third . Reyes grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 4th . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Wieters grounded out to shortstop . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Flaherty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Donaldson flied out to left . Bautista walked . Encarnación grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bautista out at second . Smoak grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Pearce struck out swinging . Lough flied out to center . Machado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Colabello reached on infield single to third , Colabello to second on throwing error by third baseman Machado . Navarro flied out to center , Colabello to third . Pillar flied out to right , Colabello out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 6th . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Parmelee flied out to right . Jones flied out to right . Davis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Goins singled to center . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Goins out at second . Donaldson flied out to right . Bautista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Carrera in left field . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Wieters grounded out to shortstop . Hardy flied out to center . Flaherty flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Encarnación singled to left . Smoak grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Encarnación out at second . Carrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Paredes hit for Pearce . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Paredes singled to shallow left center . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Lough struck out looking . Paredes to second on wild pitch by Osuna . Machado singled to right , Paredes to third . Parmelee singled to left center , Paredes scored , Machado to third . Jones hit by pitch , Parmelee to second . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Davis grounded out to first , Machado scored , Parmelee to third , Jones to second . Wieters walked . Hardy popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Paredes in left field . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Navarro lined out to center . Pillar reached on bunt single to pitcher . Pillar caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Goins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Reimold hit for Flaherty . Reimold reached on infield single to third . Paredes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reimold out at second . Young hit for Lough . Young lined out to center . Machado singled to right , Paredes to second . Parmelee hit by pitch , Paredes to third , Machado to second . Jones singled to right , Paredes and Machado scored , Parmelee to third . Davis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 4 - Blue Jays 5 .	Estrada flirts with no - hitter , Jays beat Orioles 5 - 4