Brewers - Top 1st . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop . Counsell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Podsednik out at second . Spivey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Brewers . Biggio grounded out to third . Everett flied out to center . Bagwell walked . Kent singled to left , Bagwell to second . Hidalgo singled to center , Bagwell scored , Kent to third . Berkman hit by pitch , Hidalgo to second . Ensberg struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Jenkins struck out looking . Overbay grounded out to second . Helms grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Chavez struck out looking . Oswalt grounded out to second . Biggio grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Grieve struck out swinging . Moeller grounded out to second . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Everett singled to center . Bagwell walked , Everett to second . Kent struck out swinging . Hidalgo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bagwell out at second . Berkman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Podsednik singled to center . Podsednik stole second . Counsell struck out looking . Podsednik stole third . Spivey grounded out to shortstop . Jenkins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Ensberg walked . Chavez fouled out to first . Oswalt bunted into double play , catcher to shortstop to first , Ensberg out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Overbay singled to right . Helms struck out swinging . Grieve grounded out to , Overbay out at second , Grieve to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Biggio singled to right center . Everett sacrificed to pitcher , Biggio to second . Bagwell grounded out to third . Kent popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Moeller fouled out to catcher . Davis grounded out to second . Podsednik struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Hidalgo walked . Berkman singled to left , Hidalgo to second . Ensberg grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Berkman out at second , Hidalgo to third . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hidalgo out at home , Ensberg to second . Oswalt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Counsell struck out looking . Spivey popped out to second . Bennett pitching for Brewers . Jenkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Bennett pitching for Brewers . Biggio walked . Everett reached on bunt single to pitcher , Biggio to second . Bagwell flied out to center , Biggio to third . Kent grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Everett out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Overbay grounded out to second . Helms lined out to third . Grieve flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Bennett pitching for Brewers . Hidalgo tripled to deep right center . Berkman hit sacrifice fly to center , Hidalgo scored . Ensberg reached on infield single to third . Lane in center field . Chavez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ensberg out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Kieschnick hit for Bennett . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Moeller grounded out to third . Kieschnick struck out swinging . Podsednik grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 0 - Astros 2 .	Oswalt pitches shutout as Astros pop Brewers