Astros - Top 1st . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Biggio singled to center . Biggio stole second . Everett doubled to left , Biggio scored . Bagwell flied out to center , Everett to third . Hidalgo hit sacrifice fly to left , Everett scored . Berkman popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Clemens pitching for Astros . Hocking struck out looking . Clayton singled to left . Clayton caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Helton walked . Burnitz singled to center , Helton to third . Johnson lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Ensberg singled to center . Vizcaino grounded out to pitcher , Ensberg to second . Ausmus struck out swinging . Clemens grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Clemens pitching for Astros . Holliday struck out swinging . Pellow doubled to right . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Fassero reached on infield single to catcher , Pellow to third . Hocking safe at first on error by shortstop Everett , Pellow scored , Fassero to second . Clayton lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 3rd . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Biggio singled to left . Everett walked , Biggio to second . Bagwell walked , Biggio to third , Everett to second . Hidalgo singled to left , Biggio and Everett scored , Bagwell to third , Hidalgo to second on throwing error by left fielder Holliday . Berkman intentionally walked . Ensberg struck out looking . Vizcaino singled to right , Bagwell scored , Hidalgo to third , Berkman to second . Ausmus popped out to catcher . Clemens singled to left , Hidalgo and Berkman scored , Vizcaino to second . Biggio grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Clemens pitching for Astros . Helton homered to left center . Burnitz struck out swinging . Johnson homered to right center . Holliday singled to center . Wendell pitching for Rockies . Pellow struck out swinging . Holliday caught stealing second , catcher to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Wendell pitching for Rockies . Everett bunt grounded out to pitcher . Bagwell grounded out to third . Hidalgo doubled to deep left . Berkman intentionally walked . Ensberg lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Clemens pitching for Astros . Gonzalez flied out to right . Wendell bunt grounded out to pitcher . Hocking grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Wendell pitching for Rockies . Vizcaino popped out to shortstop . Ausmus grounded out to second . Clemens walked . Biggio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Clemens pitching for Astros . Clayton struck out looking . Helton grounded out to second . Burnitz popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Wendell pitching for Rockies . Everett struck out swinging . Bagwell hit by pitch . Bagwell caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Hidalgo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Clemens pitching for Astros . Johnson walked . Holliday homered to left , Johnson scored . Pellow struck out looking . Reyes hit for Wendell . Gonzalez singled to left . Reyes grounded out to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Miceli pitching for Astros . Hocking walked . Clayton reached on bunt single to catcher , Gonzalez to third , Hocking to second . Reed pitching for Rockies . Helton flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Reed pitching for Rockies . Berkman homered to right . Ensberg flied out to left . Vizcaino flied out to left . Ausmus grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Miceli pitching for Astros . Burnitz struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . Holliday walked . Pellow struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Reed pitching for Rockies . Miceli singled to center . Biggio hit by pitch , Miceli to second . Everett sacrificed to pitcher , Miceli to third , Biggio to second . Bagwell intentionally walked . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Sweeney in right field . Hidalgo popped out to second . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bagwell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Miceli pitching for Astros . Gonzalez singled to left . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gonzalez out at second . Hocking grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sweeney out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Ensberg grounded out to pitcher . Vizcaino grounded out to second . Dotel pitching for Astros . Lane in center field . Ausmus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Dotel pitching for Astros . Clayton flied out to right . Helton struck out swinging . Burnitz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 8 - Rockies 5 .	Astros tag Rockies ; Clemens gets 314th win