Astros - Top 1st . Nageotte pitching for Mariners . Biggio reached on infield single to third . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Biggio out at second . Bagwell lined out to left . Kent struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Duckworth pitching for Astros . Suzuki struck out swinging . Winn walked . Martinez singled to right , Winn to second . Olerud singled to center , Winn scored , Martinez to second . Martinez to third , Olerud to second on wild pitch by Duckworth . Boone singled to left , Martinez scored , Olerud to third . Munro pitching for Astros . Spiezio singled to center , Olerud scored , Boone to second . Boone stole third , Spiezio stole second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Aurilia flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Nageotte pitching for Mariners . Berkman flied out to right . Vizcaino grounded out to second . Hidalgo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Munro pitching for Astros . Borders grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki singled to left . Winn singled to right , Suzuki to third . Winn caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Martinez walked . Olerud grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Nageotte pitching for Mariners . Ensberg singled to center . Chavez walked , Ensberg to second . Biggio struck out swinging . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Chavez out at second , Ensberg to third . Bagwell walked , Everett to second . Kent struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Munro pitching for Astros . Boone struck out swinging . Spiezio reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Spiezio out at second . Aurilia doubled to deep center , Cabrera scored . Borders struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Nageotte pitching for Mariners . Berkman struck out swinging . Vizcaino walked . Hidalgo struck out looking . Ensberg singled to left , Vizcaino to second . Chavez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Munro pitching for Astros . Suzuki hit ground rule double to deep center . Winn flied out to left . Martinez struck out swinging . Olerud grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Nageotte pitching for Mariners . Biggio struck out swinging . Everett singled to center . Bagwell fouled out to catcher . Kent singled to center , Everett to second . Berkman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Munro pitching for Astros . Boone grounded out to second . Spiezio homered to right . Cabrera popped out to second . Aurilia lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Nageotte pitching for Mariners . Vizcaino grounded out to pitcher . Hidalgo singled to center . Ensberg lined out to shortstop . Stone pitching for Astros . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Stone pitching for Astros . Borders grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Winn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Biggio doubled to deep right center . Everett singled to left center , Biggio to third . Bagwell struck out swinging . Kent grounded into double play , third to second to first , Everett out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Stone pitching for Astros . Martinez flied out to right . Olerud doubled to deep center . Boone walked . Spiezio walked , Olerud to third , Boone to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Olerud out at home , Boone to third , Spiezio to second . Boone out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Aurilia batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Berkman grounded out to first . Vizcaino flied out to left . Harville pitching for Astros . Hidalgo fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Harville pitching for Astros . Aurilia grounded out to shortstop . Borders grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Ensberg flied out to center . Chavez flied out to right . Biggio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 0 - Mariners 5 .	Mariners shut out Astros in Nageotte 's first start