Cubs - Top 1st . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Patterson popped out to third . Lee singled to left . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lee out at second . Alou walked , Walker to second . Sosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Wood pitching for Cubs . Vizcaino reached on infield single to second . Beltran grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vizcaino out at second . Bagwell flied out to right . Beltran stole second . Berkman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Ramirez flied out to right . Barrett singled to left . Barrett caught stealing second , catcher to second . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Wood pitching for Cubs . Kent struck out swinging . Lamb homered to right . Lane hit by pitch . Chavez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lane out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Wood walked . Patterson bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Wood out at second . Lee struck out swinging , Patterson stole second . Walker hit ground rule double to deep right , Patterson scored . Alou walked . Sosa safe at second on error by third baseman Lamb , Walker scored , Alou to third . Ramirez homered to center , Alou and Sosa scored . Bullinger pitching for Astros . Houston 's Oswalt ejected by Hohn in the 3rd . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Wood pitching for Cubs . Bullinger grounded out to shortstop . Vizcaino singled to left . Beltran hit by pitch , Vizcaino to second . Bagwell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltran out at second , Vizcaino to third . Berkman walked , Bagwell to second . Kent struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Bullinger pitching for Astros . Wood grounded out to third . Patterson singled to right . Patterson stole second . Lee flied out to center . Walker singled to left , Patterson scored , Walker thrown out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Lamb lined out to left . Lane singled to shallow right . Chavez struck out swinging . Bullinger walked , Lane to second . Vizcaino singled to right , Lane scored , Bullinger to second . Beltran grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Vizcaino out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Bullinger pitching for Astros . Alou grounded out to shortstop . Sosa singled to center . Ramirez walked , Sosa to second . Barrett doubled to right , Sosa scored , Ramirez to third . Martinez doubled to deep left center , Ramirez and Barrett scored . Wood grounded out to shortstop . Gallo pitching for Astros . Patterson singled to center , Martinez scored . Lee struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Bagwell walked . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bagwell out at second . Leicester pitching for Cubs . Chicago Cubs 's Wood ejected by Hohn in the 5th . Lamb walked , Berkman to third , Kent to second . Lane grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lamb out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Gallo pitching for Astros . Walker grounded out to first . Alou homered to left center . Sosa singled to left center . Ramirez flied out to right . Barrett flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Biggio hit for Gallo . Leicester pitching for Cubs . Chavez struck out swinging . Biggio homered to left . Vizcaino singled to left . Beltran grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vizcaino out at second . Qualls pitching for Astros . Lamb at first base . Ensberg at third base . Bagwell grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Leicester grounded out to shortstop . Patterson singled to left center . Lee singled to right , Patterson to second . Walker singled to right , Patterson to third , Lee to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Leicester pitching for Cubs . Berkman singled to center . Kent grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Berkman scored on throwing error by second baseman Walker , Kent safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Walker . Lamb singled to center , Kent to third . Lane hit sacrifice fly to left , Kent scored . Chavez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lamb out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 8th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Alou grounded out to shortstop . Sosa grounded out to third . Mercker pitching for Cubs . Goodwin in left field . Ramirez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Mercker pitching for Cubs . Ensberg popped out to third . Vizcaino struck out swinging . Harville pitching for Astros . Bruntlett at shortstop . Beltran struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Harville pitching for Astros . Bako struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to third . Farnsworth pitching for Cubs . Goodwin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Farnsworth pitching for Cubs . Bruntlett homered to left . Berkman singled to deep center . Kent struck out swinging . Berkman to second on fielder 's indifference . Lamb flied out to right . Lane struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 11 - Astros 6 .	After four hit batters , three ejections , Cubs win