Pirates - Top 1st . Munro pitching for Astros . Kendall singled to left . Wilson grounded out to pitcher , Kendall to second . Ward walked . Wilson hit by pitch , Kendall to third , Ward to second . Mackowiak hit sacrifice fly to left , Kendall scored . Bay tripled to deep right center , Ward and Wilson scored . Wigginton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Pirates . Biggio struck out swinging . Beltran singled to right . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Bagwell walked , Beltran to second . Berkman singled to right , Beltran to third , Bagwell to second . Kent popped out to second . Lamb singled to center , Beltran and Bagwell scored , Berkman thrown out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Munro pitching for Astros . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . Van Benschoten struck out swinging . Kendall singled to center . Wilson fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Vizcaino doubled to deep right center . Ausmus lined out to third . Munro struck out looking . Biggio singled to left , Vizcaino scored . Beltran walked , Biggio to second . Bagwell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Munro pitching for Astros . Ward flied out to left . Wilson grounded out to third . Mackowiak grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Berkman doubled to left . Kent hit ground rule double to right , Berkman scored . Lamb singled to left , Kent to third . Vizcaino hit sacrifice fly to center , Kent scored . Ausmus walked , Lamb to second . Munro bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Lamb out at third , Ausmus to second . Biggio safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton , Ausmus to third , Munro to second . Beltran walked , Ausmus scored , Munro to third , Biggio to second . Figueroa pitching for Pirates . Figueroa pitching for Pirates . Bagwell walked . Figueroa pitching for Pirates . Berkman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Munro pitching for Astros . Bay hit by pitch . Wigginton walked , Bay to second . Castillo singled to right , Bay to third , Wigginton to second . Figueroa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bay scored , Castillo out at second , Wigginton to third . Kendall hit sacrifice fly to center , Wigginton scored . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Figueroa out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Figueroa pitching for Pirates . Kent popped out to second . Lamb singled to right . Vizcaino grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lamb out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Munro pitching for Astros . Ward flied out to center . Wilson struck out swinging . Mackowiak flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Burke hit for Munro . Figueroa pitching for Pirates . Ausmus flied out to right . Burke walked . Biggio popped out to first . Beltran doubled to right , Burke to third . Qualls pitching for Astros . Bagwell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Bay struck out swinging . Wigginton grounded out to third . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Figueroa pitching for Pirates . Berkman flied out to left . Kent tripled to deep center . Lamb homered to right , Kent scored . Vizcaino grounded out to third . Nunez hit for Figueroa . Ausmus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Nunez flied out to left . Kendall reached on infield single to third . Wilson grounded out to catcher , Kendall to second . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Lane hit for Qualls . Ward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Lane singled to center . Biggio singled to center , Lane to second . Beltran singled to center , Lane to third , Biggio to second . Bagwell singled to right , Lane scored , Biggio to third , Beltran to second . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Biggio out at home , Beltran to third , Bagwell to second . Kent struck out swinging . Bruntlett at shortstop . Gallo pitching for Astros . Vizcaino at second base . Lane in left field . Lamb grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Berkman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Gallo pitching for Astros . Wilson popped out to second . Mackowiak flied out to center . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Bay fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Vizcaino grounded out to shortstop . Ausmus struck out swinging . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Lane struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Wigginton flied out to left . Hill hit for Gonzalez . Castillo lined out to left . Hill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 5 - Astros 10 .	In like a Lamb : Astros close in on wild - card lead