White Sox - Top 1st. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Eaton struck out swinging. Sánchez grounded out to second. Abreu walked. Frazier grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Sale pitching for White Sox. Rickard bunt grounded out to pitcher. Machado singled to left. Trumbo fouled out to first. Jones walked, Machado to second. Davis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Cabrera walked. Lawrie singled to center, Cabrera to third. Sands walked, Lawrie to second. Navarro struck out looking. Jackson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sands out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Hardy flied out to right. Reimold popped out to shortstop. Schoop reached on infield single to shortstop. Joseph grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Eaton grounded out to first. Sánchez grounded out to first. Abreu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Rickard singled to center. Machado singled to right, Rickard to second. Trumbo struck out swinging. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Machado out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Frazier grounded out to third. Cabrera lined out to right. Lawrie homered to center (409 feet). Sands struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Davis struck out looking. Hardy walked. Reimold struck out swinging. Schoop struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Navarro singled to center. Jackson doubled to deep right center, Navarro to third. Eaton hit by pitch. Sánchez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Navarro scored, Eaton out at second, Jackson to third. Abreu singled to center, Jackson scored, Sánchez to second. Frazier hit by pitch, Sánchez to third, Abreu to second. Cabrera singled to left, Sánchez scored, Abreu thrown out at home, Frazier to second. Frazier to third on wild pitch by Jiménez. Lawrie walked, Cabrera to second. Sands singled to center, Frazier and Cabrera scored, Lawrie to second. Worley pitching for Orioles. Navarro struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Joseph struck out swinging. Rickard walked. Machado walked, Rickard to second. Trumbo struck out swinging. Jones flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Machado at shortstop. Álvarez at third base. Richard Worley pitching for Orioles. Jackson doubled to left. Eaton grounded out to second, Jackson to third. Sánchez struck out swinging. Abreu lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Davis singled to center. Álvarez grounded out to second, Davis to second. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Reimold singled to center, Davis scored. Reimold to third on wild pitch by Petricka. Schoop struck out swinging. Joseph walked. Albers pitching for White Sox. Rickard flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Richard Worley pitching for Orioles. Frazier popped out to first. Cabrera singled to right center. Lawrie doubled to left, Cabrera to third. Sands struck out swinging. Navarro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Albers pitching for White Sox. Machado flied out to right. Trumbo struck out looking. Jones singled to deep right. Duke pitching for White Sox. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Richard Worley pitching for Orioles. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Eaton struck out swinging. Sánchez walked. Abreu singled to right, Sánchez to second. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Duke pitching for White Sox. Álvarez grounded out to second. Reimold struck out swinging. Schoop grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Cabrera singled to center. Lawrie walked, Cabrera to second. Sands singled to left, Cabrera to third, Lawrie to second. Navarro hit sacrifice fly to left, Cabrera scored. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sands out at second, Lawrie to third. Eaton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jackson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Robertson pitching for White Sox. Joseph walked. Rickard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Joseph out at second. Machado struck out looking. Trumbo singled to center, Rickard to third. Jones flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Orioles 1.	Sale stays unbeaten as White Sox beat Orioles 7-1 for split