Rays - Top 1st. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Forsythe doubled to deep right. Dickerson singled to left center, Forsythe to third. Longoria struck out swinging. Morrison singled to right, Forsythe scored, Dickerson to third. Miller grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Morrison out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Schoop fouled out to first. Machado popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Jennings flied out to center. Arcia popped out to shortstop. Conger homered to right (374 feet). Decker singled to right. Forsythe grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Davis struck out looking. Trumbo popped out to shortstop. Wieters reached on infield single to third. Hardy popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Dickerson grounded out to second. Longoria struck out swinging. Morrison singled to right. Miller singled to right, Morrison to second. Jennings doubled to deep right center, Morrison scored, Miller to third. Arcia walked. Conger walked, Miller scored, Jennings to third, Arcia to second. Decker lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Reimold doubled to right. Rickard singled to left, Reimold scored. Jones walked, Rickard to second. Schoop grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jones out at second, Rickard to third. Machado grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Forsythe grounded out to third. Dickerson lined out to right. Longoria lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Davis popped out to catcher. Trumbo doubled to left. Wieters homered to right (404 feet), Trumbo scored. Hardy popped out to third. Reimold lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Morrison doubled to deep right. Miller doubled to deep center, Morrison scored. Jennings sacrificed to pitcher, Miller to third. Arcia hit sacrifice fly to center, Miller scored. Conger fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Rickard grounded out to third. Jones homered to left (374 feet). Schoop singled to right center. Machado grounded into double play, third to second to first, Schoop out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Decker grounded out to shortstop. Forsythe singled to right. Dickerson doubled to left, Forsythe to third. Longoria intentionally walked. Morrison grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Longoria out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Davis homered to left center (400 feet). Ramírez pitching for Rays. Trumbo fouled out to right. Wieters fouled out to third. Hardy singled to left. Reimold grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Miller singled to left center. Jennings grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Miller out at second. Arcia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Rays. Rickard doubled to left. Jones singled to right, Rickard scored. Schoop flied out to left. Machado singled to left, Jones to second. Cedeño pitching for Rays. Davis singled to right, Jones scored, Machado to third. Trumbo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Davis out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Brach pitching for Orioles. Conger walked. Franklin ran for Conger. Franklin stole second. Decker walked. Forsythe struck out swinging. Dickerson flied out to center. Longoria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Casali catching. Farquhar pitching for Rays. Wieters homered to right center (362 feet). Hardy grounded out to third. Reimold struck out swinging. Rickard lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Morrison struck out swinging. Miller grounded out to shortstop. Jennings reached on infield single to shortstop. Beckham hit for Arcia. Beckham grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 6 - Orioles 8.	Orioles hit 4 HRs to beat Rays 8-6 for doubleheader sweep