Orioles - Top 1st. Roark pitching for Nationals. Jones flied out to center. Kim singled to left. Machado homered to left (437 feet), Kim scored. Davis doubled to center. Trumbo walked. Schoop hit by pitch, Davis to third, Trumbo to second. Wieters hit by pitch, Davis scored, Trumbo to third, Schoop to second. Hardy hit sacrifice fly to center, Trumbo scored, Schoop to third, Wieters to second. Miley grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Miley pitching for Orioles. Turner singled to center. Werth hit by pitch, Turner to second. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Werth out at second, Turner to third. Harper struck out looking. Rendon doubled to deep left, Turner scored, Murphy thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Jones singled to third, Jones to second on throwing error by third baseman Rendon. Kim struck out swinging. Machado singled to center, Jones scored. Davis struck out swinging. Trumbo hit by pitch, Machado to second. Schoop struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Miley pitching for Orioles. Ramos struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Wieters lined out to right. Hardy grounded out to third. Miley singled to right. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Miley pitching for Orioles. Roark struck out swinging. Turner reached on bunt single to pitcher. Werth walked, Turner to second. Murphy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Werth out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Kim lined out to left. Machado grounded out to third. Davis walked. Trumbo lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Miley pitching for Orioles. Harper struck out swinging. Rendon grounded out to third. Ramos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Schoop walked. Wieters doubled to deep center, Schoop to third. Hardy grounded out to third. Miley struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Miley pitching for Orioles. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa homered to left center (381 feet). Difo hit for Roark. Difo struck out swinging. Turner singled to center. Werth fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Glover pitching for Nationals. Kim struck out swinging. Machado singled to right. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Machado safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Espinosa. Trumbo struck out swinging. Schoop flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Miley pitching for Orioles. Murphy singled to right. Harper reached on infield single to second, Murphy to third, Harper to second advancing on throw. Givens pitching for Orioles. Rendon struck out swinging. Ramos popped out to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Glover pitching for Nationals. Wieters struck out swinging. Hardy flied out to left. Givens grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Givens pitching for Orioles. Espinosa struck out swinging. Revere hit for Glover. Revere hit ground rule double to deep left center. Turner singled to right, Revere to third. Werth fouled out to first. Hart pitching for Orioles. Murphy singled to right, Revere scored, Turner to third. Harper struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Jones flied out to center. Kim doubled to deep center. Machado singled to right center, Kim scored. Davis struck out swinging. Trumbo walked, Machado to second. Schoop singled to center, Machado scored, Trumbo to second. Wieters homered to center (418 feet), Trumbo and Schoop scored. Hardy walked. Álvarez hit for Hart. Petit pitching for Nationals. Álvarez grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Reimold in right field. Bridwell pitching for Orioles. Rendon flied out to center. Ramos flied out to center. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Petit pitching for Nationals. Jones flied out to center. Kim flied out to left. Machado fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Bridwell pitching for Orioles. Espinosa reached on infield single to third. Robinson hit for Petit. Robinson singled to right, Espinosa to second. Turner struck out swinging. Werth walked, Espinosa to third, Robinson to second. Murphy homered to right center (382 feet), Espinosa, Robinson and Werth scored. Britton pitching for Orioles. Harper singled to left. Rendon doubled to deep right, Harper scored. Ramos grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher. Zimmerman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ramos out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 10 - Nationals 8.	Britton's record stretch ends, but O's still prevail