Mariners - Top 1st . Redman pitching for Athletics . Suzuki singled to left . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . Winn to second on balk by Redman . Boone grounded out to third . Martinez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Kotsay flied out to center . Kielty singled to right . Chavez singled to right , Kielty to second . Dye struck out swinging . Hatteberg reached on infield single to second , Kielty scored , Chavez to second . Karros grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hatteberg out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Redman pitching for Athletics . Aurilia popped out to second . Olerud doubled to deep center . Wilson flied out to center . McCracken grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Crosby lined out to shortstop . Miller grounded out to third . Scutaro fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Redman pitching for Athletics . Bloomquist doubled to deep center , Bloomquist to third on error by third baseman Chavez . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Winn singled to center , Bloomquist scored . Boone flied out to right . Martinez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Kotsay struck out looking . Kielty doubled to right . Chavez grounded out to second , Kielty to third . Dye popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Redman pitching for Athletics . Aurilia doubled to deep left . Olerud hit by pitch . Wilson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Olerud out at second , Aurilia to third . McCracken grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Hatteberg walked . Karros flied out to right . Crosby popped out to first . Miller singled to left , Hatteberg to third . Scutaro doubled to deep right center , Hatteberg and Miller scored . Kotsay doubled to deep right , Scutaro scored . Kielty struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Redman pitching for Athletics . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to second . Winn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Chavez doubled to deep left . Dye walked . Hatteberg grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dye out at second , Chavez to third . Karros grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Redman pitching for Athletics . Boone grounded out to third . Martinez doubled to deep left center . Aurilia reached on infield single to shortstop , Martinez to third . Olerud singled to right , Martinez scored , Aurilia to second . Cabrera hit for McCracken . Wilson flied out to right , Aurilia to third . Cabrera in left field . Villone pitching for Mariners . Cabrera lined out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Crosby struck out swinging . Miller struck out swinging . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Scutaro popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Winn walked , Suzuki to second . Boone singled to right , Suzuki scored , Winn to second . Martinez flied out to right . Aurilia doubled to deep right center , Winn and Boone scored . Olerud intentionally walked . Ibanez hit for Cabrera . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Wilson singled to center , Aurilia scored , Olerud to third . Ibanez in left field . Ibanez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Kotsay walked . Kielty struck out swinging . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Chavez safe at third on error by center fielder Winn , Kotsay scored . Dye doubled to left , Chavez scored . Hatteberg doubled to deep center , Dye scored . Karros popped out to first . Crosby walked . Miller struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Bloomquist flied out to right . Suzuki reached on infield single to first . Winn struck out looking . Boone struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Myers pitching for Mariners . Scutaro doubled to left . Kotsay fouled out to third . Kielty doubled to deep center , Scutaro scored . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Chavez struck out swinging . Rhodes pitching for Athletics . Dye struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Rhodes pitching for Athletics . Martinez flied out to right . Aurilia grounded out to shortstop . Olerud grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 6 - Athletics 8 .	Athletics , Rhodes trip winless Mariners