Mariners - Top 1st . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Winn struck out looking . Boone grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Kotsay reached on bunt single to first . Kielty struck out looking . Chavez singled to right , Kotsay to third . Dye grounded into double play , third to second to first , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Martinez grounded out to third . Aurilia grounded out to second . Ibanez singled to left . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Karros singled to left center . Durazo walked , Karros to second . Crosby singled to center , Karros scored , Durazo to third . Miller walked , Crosby to second . Scutaro hit sacrifice fly to center , Durazo scored , Crosby to third . Kotsay singled to right , Crosby scored , Miller to second . Kielty fouled out to third . Chavez walked , Miller to third , Kotsay to second . Dye grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Wilson grounded out to second . Bloomquist grounded out to pitcher . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Karros struck out swinging . Durazo hit by pitch . Crosby flied out to left . Durazo stole second . Miller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Winn lined out to center . Boone grounded out to shortstop . Martinez doubled to deep right . Aurilia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Scutaro reached on infield single to shortstop . Kotsay grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Scutaro out at second . Kielty grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Ibanez grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out looking . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Chavez homered to center . Dye struck out looking . Karros grounded out to shortstop . Durazo singled to right . Crosby struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Bloomquist struck out looking . Suzuki walked . Winn singled to left , Suzuki to second . Boone doubled to left , Suzuki scored , Winn to third . Martinez singled to center , Winn scored , Boone to third . Aurilia popped out to first . Jarvis pitching for Mariners . Ibanez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Jarvis pitching for Mariners . Miller walked . Scutaro grounded into double play , third to second to first , Miller out at second . Kotsay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Bloomquist walked . Suzuki singled to right , Bloomquist to third . Villone pitching for Mariners . Winn lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Kielty struck out swinging . Chavez lined out to shortstop . Dye singled to left . Dye to second on wild pitch by Villone . Karros intentionally walked . Mecir pitching for Athletics . Durazo lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Mecir pitching for Athletics . Boone struck out swinging . Martinez flied out to right . Aurilia singled to center . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Crosby struck out looking . Miller singled to center . Rhodes pitching for Athletics . Scutaro lined into double play , third to first , Miller doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Rhodes pitching for Athletics . Cabrera struck out swinging . McCracken ran for Wilson . Wilson reached on infield single to second . Bloomquist singled to deep right , McCracken to third . Suzuki singled to right , McCracken scored , Bloomquist to third . Winn singled to left center , Bloomquist scored , Suzuki to second . Boone grounded out to pitcher , Suzuki to third , Winn to second . Martinez intentionally walked . Davis catching . Olerud at first base . Aurilia flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Kotsay singled to center . Kielty struck out swinging . Chavez popped out to shortstop . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Dye fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 10th . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Ibanez doubled to left . Olerud sacrificed to third , Ibanez to third , Olerud safe at first on error by pitcher Hammond . Olerud to first on error by pitcher Hammond . Davis hit sacrifice fly to left , Ibanez scored , Olerud to second . Bloomquist singled to center , Olerud scored . Bloomquist stole third . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bloomquist scored . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki out at second . Harville pitching for Athletics . Boone homered to left , Winn scored . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Martinez flied out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 10th . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Karros flied out to center . Durazo flied out to right . Crosby walked . Miller flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 9 - Athletics 4 .	Mariners avoid 0 - 6 start with win over Oakland