Athletics - Top 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Kotsay struck out swinging . Kielty walked . Chavez popped out to second . Dye singled to right , Kielty to second . Hatteberg grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Jeter grounded out to first . Williams lined out to center . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Durazo struck out swinging . Scutaro singled to right . Melhuse struck out looking . Menechino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Scutaro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Giambi grounded out to third . Sheffield popped out to second . Posada grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Kotsay struck out looking . Kielty struck out swinging . Chavez homered to left . Dye grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Matsui singled to left . Clark doubled to left , Matsui to third . Cairo doubled to center , Matsui and Clark scored . Jeter sacrificed to third , Cairo to third . Williams walked . Rodriguez grounded out to third , Cairo scored , Williams to second . Giambi singled to center , Williams scored . Sheffield popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Hatteberg singled to right . Durazo singled to right , Hatteberg to third . Scutaro reached on infield single to second , Hatteberg scored , Durazo to second . Melhuse singled to right , Durazo to third , Scutaro to second . Menechino grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Durazo scored , Melhuse out at second , Scutaro to third . Kotsay singled to left , Scutaro scored . Kielty grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Posada walked . Matsui grounded out to pitcher , Posada to second . Clark struck out swinging . Cairo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Chavez flied out to left . Dye lined out to left . Hatteberg grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Williams struck out looking . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Durazo safe at first on error by first baseman Clark . Scutaro struck out swinging . Melhuse singled to left center , Durazo to second . Menechino singled to center , Durazo scored , Melhuse to second . Kotsay struck out looking . Kielty lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Giambi struck out looking . Sheffield walked . White pitching for Yankees . Posada grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sheffield out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . White pitching for Yankees . Chavez popped out to catcher . Dye popped out to second . Hatteberg doubled to deep left center . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Durazo doubled to right , Hatteberg scored . Scutaro doubled to deep left center , Durazo scored . Melhuse grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Matsui singled to right . Clark flied out to center . Cairo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Matsui out at second . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cairo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Menechino grounded out to shortstop . Kotsay reached on bunt single to pitcher . Kielty safe at second on error by right fielder Sheffield , Kotsay to third . Chavez intentionally walked . Dye popped out to shortstop . Osborne pitching for Yankees . Hatteberg reached on infield single to shortstop , Kotsay scored , Kielty to third , Chavez to second . Mecir pitching for Athletics . Durazo popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Mecir pitching for Athletics . Williams singled to right . Rodriguez singled to left , Williams to second . Giambi walked , Williams to third , Rodriguez to second . Sheffield reached on infield single to second , Williams scored , Rodriguez to third , Giambi to second . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Posada singled to left , Rodriguez scored , Giambi to third , Sheffield to second . Matsui walked , Giambi scored , Sheffield to third , Posada to second . Clark struck out looking . Sierra hit for Cairo . Wilson ran for Sierra . Sierra doubled to left , Sheffield and Posada scored , Matsui to third . Jeter intentionally walked . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Matsui scored , Jeter out at second , Wilson to third . Wilson at second base . Rivera pitching for Yankees . McMillon hit for Scutaro . Rodriguez flied out to right . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . McMillon fouled out to catcher . Melhuse reached on infield single to shortstop . Menechino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Melhuse out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 8 - Yankees 10 .	Yankees rally past A 's