Yankees - Top 1st . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Jeter grounded out to pitcher . Williams struck out swinging . Rodriguez walked . Giambi singled to right , Rodriguez to second . Sheffield flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Kotsay flied out to center . Byrnes singled to left . Byrnes stole second . Byrnes stole third . Chavez homered to right , Byrnes scored . Dye struck out swinging . Hatteberg homered to right . Durazo grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Posada doubled to deep right . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Posada out at third . Sierra singled to center , Matsui to second . Wilson grounded into double play , third to first , Matsui out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Crosby struck out swinging . Miller walked . Scutaro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Miller out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Jeter doubled to deep center . Williams struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to center , Jeter scored . Giambi grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Kotsay singled to right . Kotsay to second on wild pitch by Contreras . Byrnes walked , Kotsay stole third . Byrnes batting . Chavez walked , Byrnes to second . Osborne pitching for Yankees . Dye walked , Kotsay scored , Byrnes to third , Chavez to second . Hatteberg fouled out to third . Durazo singled to center , Byrnes and Chavez scored , Dye to third . Crosby struck out swinging . Dye scored , Durazo out at second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 4th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Sheffield flied out to center . Posada grounded out to pitcher . Matsui singled to left . Sierra singled to left center , Matsui to second . Wilson doubled to left center , Matsui and Sierra scored . Jeter struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Osborne pitching for Yankees . Miller reached on infield single to shortstop . Scutaro lined out to right . Kotsay walked , Miller to second . Byrnes popped into double play , shortstop to second , Miller doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Williams singled to right . Rodriguez singled to left , Williams to second . Giambi grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second , Williams to third . Sheffield fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Osborne pitching for Yankees . Chavez homered to left . Dye popped out to second . Hatteberg flied out to left . Durazo grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Posada grounded out to shortstop . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . Sierra fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Osborne pitching for Yankees . Crosby flied out to right . Miller struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Wilson reached on infield single to third . Jeter flied out to right . Williams singled to center , Wilson to third . Rodriguez homered to center , Wilson and Williams scored . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Giambi walked . Sheffield walked , Giambi to second . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Posada walked , Giambi to third , Sheffield to second . Matsui struck out swinging . Bush ran for Sierra . Sierra doubled to left , Giambi , Sheffield and Posada scored . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop , Bush to third . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wilson out at second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Kotsay grounded out to pitcher . Byrnes struck out looking . Chavez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Williams struck out looking . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Clark at first base . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Giambi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Dye struck out swinging . Hatteberg fouled out to third . Durazo lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Sheffield struck out looking . Posada singled to center . Matsui doubled to deep left center , Posada to third . Lofton hit for Bush . Lofton intentionally walked . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Posada scored , Lofton out at second , Matsui to third . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Jeter grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . McMillon hit for Miller . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Crosby struck out swinging . Karros hit for Scutaro . McMillon struck out looking . Karros grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 10 - Athletics 8 .	A - Rod 's 350th homer helps Yanks rally past A 's