Athletics - Top 1st . Escobar pitching for Angels . Byrnes flied out to center . Kotsay walked . Hatteberg struck out swinging . Durazo walked , Kotsay to second . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Durazo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Redman pitching for Athletics . Eckstein grounded out to second . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero singled to right center . Anderson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Miller popped out to second . Scutaro grounded out to third . Kielty grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Redman pitching for Athletics . Guillen lined out to right . Erstad struck out swinging . Quinlan at first base . Salmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Escobar pitching for Angels . German struck out looking . Byrnes struck out swinging . Kotsay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Redman pitching for Athletics . Molina doubled to deep right center . Kennedy flied out to center , Molina to third . Eckstein singled to center , Molina scored . Figgins singled to right , Eckstein to third . Guerrero grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Figgins out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Hatteberg walked . Durazo popped out to second . Hatteberg to second on wild pitch by Escobar . Crosby safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Figgins . Miller doubled to deep left , Hatteberg scored , Crosby to third . Scutaro bunt grounded out to catcher . Kielty grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 4th . Redman pitching for Athletics . Anderson struck out swinging . Guillen fouled out to first . Quinlan popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Escobar pitching for Angels . German doubled to left . Byrnes doubled to shallow left , German to third . Kotsay singled to right , German scored , Byrnes to third , Kotsay to second advancing on throw . Hatteberg hit sacrifice fly to center , Byrnes scored . Durazo struck out swinging . Crosby flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Redman pitching for Athletics . Salmon flied out to center . Molina grounded out to third . Kennedy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Miller doubled to center . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Miller out at second . Kielty singled to right , Scutaro to second . German grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kielty out at second , Scutaro to third . Byrnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Redman pitching for Athletics . Eckstein singled to left . Figgins struck out swinging . Gregg pitching for Angels . Guerrero doubled to deep center , Eckstein tagged out at home , Guerrero out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Kotsay singled to left . Hatteberg reached on infield single to pitcher , Kotsay to second . Durazo singled to left , Kotsay scored , Hatteberg to third . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hatteberg scored , Durazo out at second . Miller flied out to center . Crosby stole second . Scutaro grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Redman pitching for Athletics . Anderson lined out to first . Guillen flied out to right . Quinlan walked . Quinlan to second on wild pitch by Redman . Salmon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Kielty walked . German reached on bunt single to third , Kielty to second . Byrnes struck out looking . Kotsay singled to center , Kielty to third , German to second . Turnbow pitching for Angels . Hatteberg hit sacrifice fly to center , Kielty scored , German to third . German scored , Kotsay to second on passed ball by Molina . Durazo walked . Crosby struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Redman pitching for Athletics . Molina singled to center . Kennedy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Eckstein fouled out to catcher . Figgins lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Turnbow pitching for Angels . Miller grounded out to second . Scutaro popped out to second . Mecir pitching for Athletics . Kielty grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Mecir pitching for Athletics . Guerrero singled to left . Anderson struck out looking . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guerrero out at second . Quinlan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guillen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 7 - Angels 1 .	With Hatteberg 's sacrifices , A 's beat Angels