Athletics - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Kotsay grounded out to second . Byrnes struck out swinging . Chavez doubled to left . Dye walked . Hatteberg grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dye out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Belliard struck out swinging . Vizquel struck out swinging . Lawton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Kielty struck out looking . Crosby walked . Melhuse struck out looking . Crosby stole second . Scutaro singled to center , Crosby scored . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Scutaro out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Blake grounded out to third . Merloni struck out looking . Hafner safe at first on error by first baseman Hatteberg . Laker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Byrnes singled to center . Chavez walked , Byrnes to second . Dye fouled out to first . Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop , Byrnes to third , Chavez to second . Kielty doubled to deep right , Byrnes and Chavez scored . Crosby walked . Melhuse struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Crisp singled to center . Crisp caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Little singled to left . Belliard grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Little out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Scutaro flied out to left . Kotsay singled to center . Byrnes struck out swinging . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kotsay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Vizquel singled to left . Vizquel stole second , Vizquel to third on wild pitch by Mulder . Lawton walked . Blake walked , Lawton to second . Merloni singled to left , Vizquel scored , Lawton to third , Blake to second . Hafner doubled to deep center , Lawton , Blake and Merloni scored . Hafner to third on wild pitch by Mulder . Laker hit sacrifice fly to center , Hafner scored . Crisp struck out looking . Little struck out looking . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Dye grounded out to pitcher . Hatteberg grounded out to second . Kielty lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Belliard safe at second on error by left fielder Byrnes . Vizquel sacrificed to first , Belliard to third . Lawton grounded out to first . White pitching for Indians . Blake grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . White pitching for Indians . Crosby grounded out to first . Melhuse doubled to right . Scutaro singled to right , Melhuse to third . Kotsay doubled to deep left , Melhuse scored , Scutaro to third . Byrnes struck out swinging . Miller pitching for Indians . Chavez intentionally walked . Dye singled to center , Scutaro and Kotsay scored , Chavez to third , Dye to second advancing on throw . Durazo hit for Kielty . Bartosh pitching for Indians . Hatteberg intentionally walked . Durazo homered to right , Chavez , Dye and Hatteberg scored . Crosby singled to left . Melhuse struck out looking . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Merloni grounded out to shortstop . Hafner singled to center . Laker singled to left , Hafner to second . Crisp singled to center , Hafner scored , Laker to second . Little flied out to center . Robertson pitching for Indians . Belliard flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Robertson pitching for Indians . Scutaro grounded out to second . Kotsay singled to right . Byrnes fouled out to second . Chavez reached on infield single to third , Kotsay to second . Dye walked , Kotsay to third , Chavez to second . Hatteberg flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Vizquel struck out swinging . Lawton walked . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Blake struck out looking . Merloni flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Robertson pitching for Indians . Durazo struck out swinging . Crosby grounded out to third . Melhuse walked . Scutaro singled to center , Melhuse to second . Kotsay tripled to deep center , Melhuse and Scutaro scored . Byrnes flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Hafner homered to center . Laker grounded out to third . Crisp singled to deep left . Little struck out swinging . Belliard grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Robertson pitching for Indians . Chavez singled to center . Dye fouled out to first . Hatteberg singled to deep right , Chavez to third . Durazo singled to left , Chavez scored , Hatteberg to second . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Durazo out at second , Hatteberg to third . Melhuse homered to left , Hatteberg and Crosby scored . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Scutaro grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Vizquel flied out to center . Gerut hit for Blake . Lawton struck out looking . Gerut grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 16 - Indians 7 .	Mulder ties longest win streak as A 's rout Tribe