Mariners - Top 1st . Zito pitching for Athletics . Suzuki flied out to left . Winn popped out to second . Boone grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Blackley pitching for Mariners . Kotsay grounded out to first . Crosby popped out to third . Chavez walked . Dye walked , Chavez to second . Hatteberg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Martinez doubled to deep left center . Ibanez singled to right center , Martinez scored . Jacobsen walked , Ibanez to second . Wilson sacrificed to pitcher , Ibanez to third , Jacobsen to second . Leone grounded out to third . Bloomquist doubled to deep left center , Ibanez and Jacobsen scored . Suzuki singled to center , Bloomquist scored . Winn flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Blackley pitching for Mariners . Kielty grounded out to third . Miller reached on infield single to shortstop . Byrnes walked , Miller to second . Scutaro flied out to left . Kotsay flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Boone struck out swinging . Martinez walked . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . Jacobsen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Blackley pitching for Mariners . Crosby struck out swinging . Chavez grounded out to second . Dye flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Wilson fouled out to first . Leone homered to left center . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki singled to left . Winn singled to left center , Suzuki to second . Suzuki caught stealing third , pitcher to third to second to shortstop . Boone batting . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Blackley pitching for Mariners . Hatteberg grounded out to second . Kielty walked . Miller singled to left , Kielty to second . Byrnes walked , Kielty to third , Miller to second . Scutaro popped out to shortstop . Kotsay walked , Kielty scored , Miller to third , Byrnes to second . Crosby walked , Miller scored , Byrnes to third , Kotsay to second . Chavez singled to right , Byrnes and Kotsay scored , Crosby to second , Crosby thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Boone singled to center . Martinez fouled out to first . Ibanez struck out swinging . Boone caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Jacobsen batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Blackley pitching for Mariners . Dye walked . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Hatteberg walked , Dye to second . Kielty walked , Dye to third , Hatteberg to second . Miller popped out to third . Byrnes singled to left , Dye scored , Hatteberg to third , Kielty to second . Scutaro singled to right , Hatteberg scored , Kielty to third , Byrnes to second . Kotsay hit sacrifice fly to center , Kielty scored . Crosby walked , Byrnes to third , Scutaro to second . Chavez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Jacobsen flied out to center . Wilson walked . Leone flied out to left . Putz pitching for Mariners . Bloomquist flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Dye singled to center . Durazo hit for Kielty . Hatteberg walked , Dye to second . Durazo walked , Dye to third , Hatteberg to second . Miller singled to right , Dye scored , Hatteberg to third , Durazo to second . Byrnes doubled to deep center , Hatteberg , Durazo and Miller scored . Scutaro safe at first on error by third baseman Leone . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Kotsay singled to center , Byrnes to third , Scutaro to second . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Byrnes out at home , Scutaro to third , Kotsay to second . Chavez hit sacrifice fly to center , Scutaro scored , Kotsay to third , Crosby to second . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Dye popped out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Suzuki singled to center . Winn struck out looking . Boone walked , Suzuki to second . Martinez singled to left , Suzuki to third , Boone to second . Ibanez grounded into double play , second to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop . Durazo homered to right . Miller flied out to center . Byrnes reached on infield single to third . Castro at shortstop . Mecir pitching for Athletics . Scutaro lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Mecir pitching for Athletics . Jacobsen singled to left . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jacobsen out at second . Leone struck out swinging . Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop , Wilson to second . Myers pitching for Mariners . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Kotsay singled to center . Castro grounded out to pitcher , Kotsay to second . Chavez grounded out to second , Kotsay to third . Dye walked . Hatteberg doubled to center , Kotsay scored , Dye to third . Dotel pitching for Athletics . Durazo flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Dotel pitching for Athletics . Winn walked . Winn to second on fielder 's indifference . Boone struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to shortstop , Winn to third . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 5 - Athletics 14 .	A 's bail out Zito , walk all over Mariners