Athletics - Top 1st . Drese pitching for Rangers . Kotsay grounded out to third . McLemore lined out to second . Chavez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Zito pitching for Athletics . Young walked . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Young out at second . Soriano grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Drese pitching for Rangers . Hatteberg flied out to right . Miller grounded out to second . Durazo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Teixeira struck out swinging . Perry grounded out to shortstop . Jordan homered to left . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Drese pitching for Rangers . Crosby struck out swinging . Byrnes singled to right . Kielty grounded out to second , Byrnes to second . Kotsay lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Mench fouled out to catcher . Barajas homered to left . Young singled to center . Young singled to center , Young to second . Soriano doubled to deep center , Young and Young scored . Teixeira flied out to left . Perry lined out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Drese pitching for Rangers . McLemore singled to center . Chavez popped out to shortstop . Hatteberg singled to right , McLemore to second . Miller walked , McLemore to third , Hatteberg to second . Durazo singled to right , McLemore and Hatteberg scored , Miller to third . Crosby walked , Durazo to second . Byrnes popped out to second . Kielty walked , Miller scored , Durazo to third , Crosby to second . Kotsay grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Jordan fouled out to first . Matthews Jr grounded out to third . Mench walked . Barajas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Drese pitching for Rangers . McLemore walked . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McLemore safe at third on error by second baseman Young , Chavez safe at second on error by second baseman Young . Hatteberg grounded out to second , McLemore scored , Chavez to third . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Miller singled to center , Chavez scored . Durazo walked , Miller to second . Crosby walked , Miller to third , Durazo to second . Byrnes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Miller scored , Crosby out at second , Durazo to third , Byrnes to second . Kielty struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Young walked . Young grounded into double play , second to first , Young out at second . Soriano walked . Teixeira struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Kotsay grounded out to second . McLemore lined out to right . Chavez singled to right . Hatteberg lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Perry struck out swinging . Jordan popped out to shortstop . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Blalock hit for Mench . Matthews Jr walked . Teixeira in right field . Perry at first base . Jordan in left field . Blalock at third base . Nelson pitching for Rangers . Blalock struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Nelson pitching for Rangers . Miller walked . Durazo singled to right , Miller to third . Crosby safe at first on error by third baseman Blalock , Miller scored , Durazo to second . Byrnes grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Crosby out at second . Kielty grounded out to third , Durazo scored , Byrnes to second . Kotsay singled to left , Byrnes scored . McLemore flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Barajas grounded out to third . Young grounded out to second . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Chavez doubled to right . Hatteberg struck out looking . Miller singled to right , Chavez to third . Durazo popped out to second . Crosby flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Soriano singled to left . Teixeira flied out to right . Perry walked , Soriano to second . Jordan grounded into double play , third to second to first , Perry out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Byrnes lined out to third . Kielty doubled to deep center . Kielty to third on passed ball by Barajas . Scutaro hit for McLemore . Kotsay struck out looking . Scutaro at second base . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Scutaro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Blalock grounded out to first . Barajas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Rangers 4 .	A 's trade places with Rangers