Athletics - Top 1st . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Kotsay grounded out to first . McLemore singled to center . Chavez singled to center , McLemore to second . Hatteberg lined into double play , first to shortstop , McLemore doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Johnson singled to right . Hudson struck out swinging . Wells walked , Johnson to second . Delgado singled to center , Johnson to third , Wells to second . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson scored , Wells out at third , Delgado to second . Menechino singled to center , Delgado thrown out at home , Rios to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Durazo flied out to right . Byrnes popped out to first . Miller walked . McMillon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Woodward fouled out to first . Cash struck out swinging . Quiroz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Crosby doubled to deep center . Kotsay grounded into double play , pitcher to third to shortstop to first to shortstop to first to shortstop to first , Crosby out at third , Kotsay out at second . McLemore grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Johnson reached on infield single to third . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at second . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hudson out at second . Delgado doubled to deep center , Wells scored . Rios struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Chavez walked . Hatteberg flied out to right . Durazo lined into double play , second to first , Chavez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Menechino grounded out to third . Woodward lined out to second . Cash struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Byrnes grounded out to shortstop . Miller singled to right . McMillon singled to left , Miller to second . Crosby walked , Miller to third , McMillon to second . Kotsay lined out to center . McLemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Quiroz flied out to center . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Hudson doubled to deep left . Wells doubled to left , Hudson scored . Delgado intentionally walked . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Delgado out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Chavez flied out to right . Hatteberg grounded out to first . Durazo walked . Byrnes walked , Durazo to second . Miller doubled to deep right , Durazo and Byrnes scored . McMillon grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Menechino singled to center . Woodward struck out swinging . Cash homered to center , Menechino scored . Quiroz singled to right center . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Quiroz out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Crosby walked . Kotsay grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Crosby out at second . Rincon pitching for Athletics . McLemore grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Hudson popped out to first . Wells grounded out to third . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Delgado walked . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Delgado out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Chavez walked . Hatteberg doubled to deep right , Chavez to third . Durazo grounded out to second , Chavez scored , Hatteberg to third . Hatteberg scored on Chulk 's wild pitch . Byrnes grounded out to second . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . German ran for Miller . Miller walked . German caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Melhuse catching . Hinske hit for Menechino . McMillon batting . Hammond pitching for Athletics . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Hinske popped out to third . Woodward flied out to right . Hinske at third base . Cash popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Swisher ran for McMillon . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . McMillon doubled to deep center . Crosby hit by pitch . Kotsay sacrificed to third , Swisher to third , Crosby to second . Swisher scored , Crosby to third on wild pitch by Frasor . McLemore hit sacrifice fly to center , Crosby scored . Chavez walked . Hatteberg singled to center , Chavez to third . Durazo walked , Hatteberg to second . File pitching for Blue Jays . Byrnes doubled to deep left , Chavez , Hatteberg and Durazo scored . Swisher in left field . Melhuse flied out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Quiroz singled to left . Crozier hit for Hudson . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Quiroz out at second . Crozier struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Blue Jays 5 .	Wild birds : Errant Jays ' pitches spur A 's rally