Rangers - Top 1st . Redman pitching for Athletics . Young popped out to second . Blalock grounded out to first . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Kotsay reached on bunt single to catcher . McLemore grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kotsay out at second . Chavez walked , McLemore to second . Hatteberg singled to center , McLemore to third , Chavez to second . Durazo singled to right , McLemore and Chavez scored , Hatteberg to third . Swisher struck out swinging . Byrnes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Redman pitching for Athletics . Teixeira walked . Soriano struck out looking . Mench flied out to center . Jordan singled to left , Teixeira to second . Nix grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Melhuse lined out to right . Crosby lined out to shortstop . Kotsay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Redman pitching for Athletics . Barajas walked . Young singled to center , Barajas to second . Blalock doubled to deep left , Barajas and Young scored . Young grounded out to shortstop , Blalock to third . Teixeira hit by pitch . Soriano singled to left , Blalock scored , Teixeira to second . Mench walked , Teixeira to third , Soriano to second . Jordan hit sacrifice fly to center , Teixeira scored , Soriano to third . Nix grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mench out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . McLemore grounded out to second . Chavez hit by pitch . Hatteberg grounded out to second , Chavez to second . Durazo walked . Swisher singled to right , Chavez scored , Durazo to second . Byrnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Redman pitching for Athletics . Barajas walked . Young singled to right , Barajas to second . Blalock struck out swinging . Young reached on infield single to pitcher , Barajas to third , Young to second . Teixeira batting . Soriano batting . Mench flied out to right . Jordan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Melhuse homered to right . Crosby grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Kotsay singled to center . McLemore doubled to deep right center , Kotsay scored . Chavez fouled out to third . Hatteberg grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Lehr pitching for Athletics . Nix doubled to deep right center . Barajas sacrificed to third , Nix to third . Young hit sacrifice fly to right , Nix scored . Blalock singled to right . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blalock out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Durazo walked . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Swisher doubled to left , Durazo to third . Byrnes popped out to second . Melhuse singled to center , Durazo and Swisher scored . Crosby struck out looking . Kotsay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Lehr pitching for Athletics . Teixeira grounded out to pitcher . Soriano doubled to deep right center . Mench singled to right , Soriano scored , Mench to second advancing on throw . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Jordan intentionally walked . Nix doubled to deep right , Mench scored , Jordan to third . Barajas singled to left , Jordan scored , Nix to third . Young hit by pitch , Barajas to second . Blalock lined out to shortstop . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . McLemore grounded out to second . Chavez flied out to center . Hatteberg singled to right . Durazo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Teixeira struck out swinging . Soriano flied out to left . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Mench grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Swisher grounded out to first . Byrnes struck out swinging . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Melhuse grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Jordan singled to left center . Nix popped out to third . Barajas popped out to shortstop . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jordan out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Crosby flied out to center . Kotsay flied out to left . McLemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Blalock flied out to left . Young homered to left center . Teixeira popped out to shortstop . Tejera pitching for Rangers . German hit for Chavez . Soriano flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Tejera pitching for Rangers . German singled to center . Kielty hit for Durazo . Hatteberg homered to right , German scored . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Kielty grounded out to third . Swisher singled to right . Byrnes popped out to shortstop . Melhuse grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 12 - Athletics 9 .	A 's lose but not any West ground to ...