Giants - Top 1st. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Tauchman doubled to deep right. Flores grounded out to shortstop. Belt homered to right (388 feet), Tauchman scored. Longoria doubled to deep center. Slater struck out looking. Duggar flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Giants. Tapia reached on infield single to third. Hampson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tapia out at second. Story grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hampson out at second. McMahon lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Dubón hit by pitch. Dubón caught stealing second, catcher to second. Casali popped out to shortstop. Wood walked. Tauchman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Giants. Cron walked. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cron out at second. Fuentes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blackmon out at second. Díaz lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Flores singled to left center. Belt walked, Flores to second. Longoria singled to left, Belt to second, Flores thrown out at home. Slater grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Longoria out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Giants. Castellani grounded out to third. Tapia grounded out to shortstop. Hampson hit by pitch. Story grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hampson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Duggar walked. Dubón struck out swinging. Casali walked, Duggar to second. Stephenson pitching for Rockies. Wood sacrificed to pitcher, Casali to second, Duggar to third. Tauchman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Giants. McMahon singled to left. Cron homered to left (458 feet), McMahon scored. Blackmon grounded out to first. Fuentes walked. Díaz struck out swinging. Daza hit for Stephenson. Daza grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Lawrence pitching for Rockies. Flores walked. Flores to second on wild pitch by Lawrence. Belt struck out looking. Longoria walked. Crawford hit for Slater. Givens pitching for Rockies. Crawford walked, Longoria to second, Flores to third. Duggar singled to left, Flores scored and Longoria scored, Crawford to second. Dubón struck out looking. Casali struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Crawford at shortstop. Duggar in right field. Dubón in center field. Wood pitching for Giants. Tapia grounded out to second. Hampson grounded out to shortstop. Story reached on infield single to second. McMahon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Ruf hit for Wood. Givens pitching for Rockies. Ruf grounded out to second. Tauchman safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Cron. Flores homered to left (396 feet), Tauchman scored. Bowden pitching for Rockies. Belt struck out looking. Longoria grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Rogers pitching for Giants. Cron struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded out to second. Fuentes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Bowden pitching for Rockies. Crawford singled to left center. Duggar reached on bunt single to catcher, Crawford to second. Dubón flied out to left. Casali fouled out to first. Bart hit for Rogers. Bart popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. McGee pitching for Giants. Díaz fouled out to first. Trejo hit for Bowden. Trejo singled to center. Tapia struck out swinging. Hampson singled to center, Trejo to second. Story doubled to deep left, Hampson scored and Trejo scored. McMahon singled to right center, Story scored. Doval pitching for Giants. Cron singled to right, McMahon to third. Hilliard ran for Cron. Blackmon homered to right (403 feet), McMahon scored and Hilliard scored. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 6 - Rockies 8.	Blackmon's 3-run HR caps comeback as Rockies, Giants split