Rangers - Top 1st . Moseley pitching for Angels . Kinsler singled to left , Kinsler out stretching at second . Young struck out swinging . Hamilton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Figgins singled to center . Matthews struck out looking . Guerrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Figgins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Moseley pitching for Angels . Bradley grounded out to second . Murphy doubled to deep center . Byrd flied out to right , Murphy to third . Murphy scored on Moseley 's wild pitch . Broussard grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Hunter singled to left . Anderson struck out looking . Kendrick grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hunter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Moseley pitching for Angels . Laird grounded out to second . Vazquez singled to center . Kinsler fouled out to second . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Quinlan grounded out to shortstop . Napoli singled to left . Izturis grounded out to third , Napoli to second . Figgins reached on infield single to pitcher , Napoli to third . Matthews grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Moseley pitching for Angels . Hamilton grounded out to second . Bradley doubled to deep center . Murphy walked . Bradley to third on wild pitch by Moseley . Byrd hit by pitch , Murphy to second . Broussard homered to right center , Bradley , Murphy and Byrd scored . Laird flied out to right . Vazquez singled to left . Kinsler struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Guerrero singled to left . Hunter walked , Guerrero to second . Anderson struck out looking . Kendrick singled to right , Guerrero to third , Hunter to second . Quinlan grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kendrick out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Moseley pitching for Angels . Young walked . Hamilton flied out to left . Bradley flied out to center . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Napoli flied out to left . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Figgins walked . Matthews struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Bulger pitching for Angels . Byrd flied out to right . Broussard flied out to right . Laird flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Guerrero grounded out to first . Hunter grounded out to third . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Bulger pitching for Angels . Vazquez grounded out to second . Kinsler doubled to deep right center . Young flied out to right , Kinsler to third . Hamilton tripled to deep left , Kinsler scored . Bradley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Kendrick grounded out to second . Quinlan singled to center . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Quinlan out at second . Rivera hit for Izturis . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Napoli out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Aybar at shortstop . Thompson pitching for Angels . Thompson pitching for Angels . Aybar at shortstop . Rivera at first base . Murphy singled to right . Aybar at shortstop . Thompson pitching for Angels . Thompson pitching for Angels . Aybar at shortstop . Rivera at first base . Murphy singled to right . Murphy stole second . Murphy safe at third on throwing error by catcher Napoli . Byrd grounded out to third . Broussard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy out at home . Broussard to second on wild pitch by Thompson . Laird walked . Vazquez walked , Broussard to third , Laird to second . Kinsler hit ground rule double to deep left , Broussard and Laird scored , Vazquez to third . Young singled to center , Vazquez scored , Kinsler to third . Hamilton doubled to deep left center , Kinsler and Young scored . Bradley grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Fukumori pitching for Rangers . Figgins walked . Matthews flied out to center . Guerrero grounded into double play , third to second to first , Figgins out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Willits in right field . O'Day pitching for Angels . Murphy grounded out to second . Byrd grounded out to first . Botts hit for Broussard . Botts grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Botts at first base . Melhuse catching . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Hunter singled to left . Anderson doubled to right , Hunter to third . Kendrick tripled to right , Hunter and Anderson scored . Aybar grounded out to second , Kendrick scored . Napoli walked . Rivera popped out to second . Figgins reached on infield single to third , Napoli to second . Matthews doubled to right , Napoli scored , Figgins to third . German pitching for Rangers . German pitching for Rangers . German pitching for Rangers . German pitching for Rangers . Willits doubled to left , Figgins and Matthews scored . German pitching for Rangers . German pitching for Rangers . German pitching for Rangers . German pitching for Rangers . Willits doubled to left , Figgins and Matthews scored . Guardado pitching for Rangers . Hunter singled to left , Willits to third . Anderson flied out to right . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 11 - Angels 6 .	Texas builds 11 - 0 lead , ruins Angels ' home opener