Angels - Top 1st . Silva pitching for Mariners . Figgins flied out to left . Matthews grounded out to first . Guerrero grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Lopez safe at first on error by second baseman Kendrick . Ibanez tripled to deep left , Lopez scored . Beltre popped out to shortstop . Vidro singled to right , Ibanez scored . Sexson singled to center , Vidro to third . Wilkerson grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 2nd . Silva pitching for Mariners . Anderson popped out to second . Hunter flied out to left . Kotchman doubled to deep left . Kendrick singled to center , Kotchman thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for Angels . Johjima grounded out to third . Betancourt lined out to first . Suzuki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Silva pitching for Mariners . Napoli singled to left . Aybar singled to center , Napoli to second . Figgins grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Aybar out at second , Napoli to third . Matthews grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Figgins out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for Angels . Lopez singled to left . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lopez out at second . Beltre doubled to deep center , Ibanez to third . Vidro intentionally walked . Sexson popped out to second . Wilkerson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Guerrero grounded out to pitcher . Anderson flied out to right . Hunter hit by pitch . Kotchman homered to right , Hunter scored . Kendrick singled to center . Napoli flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for Angels . Johjima grounded out to third . Betancourt singled to left . Suzuki grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Betancourt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Aybar reached on bunt single to catcher . Aybar stole second . Figgins singled to center , Aybar to third . Matthews grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Aybar scored , Figgins out at second . Guerrero walked . Anderson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Garland pitching for Angels . Lopez lined out to right . Ibanez flied out to right . Beltre doubled to left . Vidro singled to left , Beltre scored . Sexson homered to center , Vidro scored . Wilkerson singled to right . Johjima grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Hunter popped out to third . Kotchman singled to right . Kendrick doubled to deep left , Kotchman to third . Napoli fouled out to third . Aybar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Garland pitching for Angels . Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop . Suzuki singled to center , Betancourt to second , Betancourt scored , Suzuki to second on error by center fielder Matthews . O'Day pitching for Angels . Lopez sacrificed to catcher , Suzuki to third . Ibanez intentionally walked . Beltre struck out swinging . Vidro flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 7th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Figgins singled to center . Matthews grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Figgins out at second . Guerrero lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . O'Day pitching for Angels . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Johjima singled to right . Betancourt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Anderson flied out to center . Hunter popped out to second . Kotchman grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Bulger pitching for Angels . Suzuki struck out swinging . Lopez singled to center . Ibanez homered to left , Lopez scored . Beltre struck out swinging . Vidro grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Green pitching for Mariners . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Napoli struck out swinging . Aybar singled to right . Aybar to second on fielder 's indifference . Figgins walked . Matthews grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 3 - Mariners 8 .	Silva pitches 8 strong innings , leads M 's by Angels