Angels - Top 1st . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Figgins grounded out to pitcher . Matthews grounded out to first . Guerrero flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Moseley pitching for Angels . Kinsler walked . Young struck out looking . Kinsler picked off first . Hamilton walked . Bradley doubled to deep left center , Hamilton scored . Blalock flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Anderson safe at first on error by pitcher Millwood . Hunter singled to left , Anderson to second . Kotchman struck out looking . Izturis grounded out to pitcher , Anderson to third , Hunter to second . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Moseley pitching for Angels . Catalanotto grounded out to first . Murphy singled to center . Murphy stole second . Melhuse walked . Broussard walked , Murphy to third , Melhuse to second . Kinsler hit sacrifice fly to center , Murphy scored . Young singled to center , Melhuse scored , Broussard to second . Hamilton grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Aybar popped out to third . Figgins singled to left . Figgins stole second . Figgins safe at third on error by second baseman Kinsler . Matthews walked . Guerrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matthews out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Moseley pitching for Angels . Bradley singled to right . Blalock singled to left , Bradley to second . Catalanotto sacrificed to catcher , Bradley to third , Blalock to second . Murphy hit sacrifice fly to center , Bradley scored . Melhuse grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Anderson singled to right . Hunter grounded out to pitcher , Anderson to second . Kotchman homered to right center , Anderson scored . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . Mathis singled to right . Aybar singled to center , Mathis to third . Figgins singled to left , Mathis scored , Aybar to second . Aybar caught stealing third , catcher to third . Matthews batting . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Moseley pitching for Angels . Broussard grounded out to first . Kinsler lined out to left . Young singled to center . Hamilton walked , Young to second . Bradley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Matthews grounded out to second . Guerrero doubled to deep left . Anderson doubled to right , Guerrero scored . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Kotchman flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Moseley pitching for Angels . Blalock singled to left . Oliver pitching for Angels . Catalanotto bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Blalock out at second . Murphy grounded out to first , Catalanotto to second . Melhuse grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Izturis walked . Mathis sacrificed to pitcher , Izturis to second . Aybar singled to right , Izturis to third , Aybar to second advancing on throw . Figgins intentionally walked . Matthews doubled to deep left , Izturis , Aybar and Figgins scored . Guerrero walked . Anderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guerrero out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Broussard fouled out to third . Kinsler lined out to left . Young reached on infield single to second . Hamilton singled to left , Young to second . Bradley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at third , Hamilton to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Hunter walked . Kotchman lined out to center . Izturis grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Hunter out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Blalock lined out to right . Byrd hit for Catalanotto . Byrd hit by pitch . Murphy doubled to deep center , Murphy out at third , Byrd to third . Speier pitching for Angels . Melhuse lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Mathis popped out to third . Aybar flied out to left . Figgins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Broussard struck out swinging . Kinsler grounded out to second . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Matthews grounded out to pitcher . Guerrero grounded out to second . Anderson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Hamilton walked . Bradley struck out looking . Hamilton out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Blalock walked . Botts hit for Byrd . Botts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - Rangers 4 .	Matthews , Angels beat Rangers ; Millwood leaves