Angels - Top 1st . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Figgins grounded out to first . Matthews walked . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matthews out at second . Kotchman walked , Guerrero to second . Hunter safe at first on error by shortstop Renteria , Guerrero to third , Kotchman to second . Anderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Moseley pitching for Angels . Granderson popped out to shortstop . Polanco singled to center . Sheffield struck out looking , Polanco stole second . Ordonez hit ground rule double to deep left , Polanco scored . Cabrera lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Izturis grounded out to first . Mathis struck out swinging . Aybar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Moseley pitching for Angels . Jones grounded out to second . Renteria struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Figgins struck out swinging . Matthews grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Moseley pitching for Angels . Inge singled to left . Granderson struck out swinging . Inge caught stealing second , catcher to second . Polanco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Kotchman grounded out to first . Hunter grounded out to third . Anderson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Moseley pitching for Angels . Sheffield grounded out to third . Ordonez popped out to shortstop . Cabrera walked . Jones walked , Cabrera to second . Renteria flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Izturis grounded out to second . Mathis flied out to center . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Moseley pitching for Angels . Rodriguez singled to center . Inge flied out to left . Granderson doubled to left , Rodriguez to third . Polanco singled to right center , Rodriguez and Granderson scored , Polanco to second advancing on throw . Sheffield popped out to third . Ordonez struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Matthews grounded out to first . Guerrero tripled to deep right . Kotchman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . O'Day pitching for Angels . Cabrera singled to center . Jones struck out swinging . Renteria struck out looking . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Hunter safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Galarraga . Anderson singled to right , Hunter to third . Izturis doubled to deep left , Hunter and Anderson scored . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Mathis struck out swinging . Aybar grounded out to pitcher , Izturis to third . Figgins singled to left , Izturis scored . Matthews grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 7th . O'Day pitching for Angels . Inge popped out to first . Granderson tripled to deep left center . Polanco intentionally walked . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Granderson scored , Polanco safe at second on error by second baseman Izturis . Ordonez doubled to deep center , Polanco scored , Sheffield to third . Cabrera intentionally walked . Jones hit sacrifice fly to left , Sheffield scored . Renteria reached on infield single to shortstop , Ordonez to third , Cabrera to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at third , Renteria to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 8th . Raburn in left field . Bautista pitching for Tigers . Guerrero doubled to deep left center . Kotchman singled to right center , Guerrero to third . Hunter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Guerrero scored , Kotchman out at second . Anderson flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Thompson pitching for Angels . Inge struck out looking . Granderson grounded out to first . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Izturis flied out to left . Mathis singled to right . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mathis out at first . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 4 - Tigers 6 .	Tigers continue to turn tide , beat Angels