White Sox - Top 1st . Garland pitching for Angels . Cabrera bunt popped out to catcher . Pierzynski singled to right . Quentin walked , Pierzynski to second . Dye popped out to shortstop . Thome grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Willits struck out looking . Izturis singled to shallow left . Guerrero singled to right center , Izturis to third . Anderson singled to right , Izturis scored , Guerrero to third . Hunter popped out to shortstop . Kotchman doubled to left , Guerrero scored , Anderson to third . Aybar flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Garland pitching for Angels . Konerko singled to shallow left . Crede walked , Konerko to second . Swisher singled to right center , Konerko to third , Crede to second . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Konerko scored , Swisher out at second , Crede to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right , Crede scored , Uribe to second . Pierzynski doubled to right , Uribe scored . Quentin walked . Dye singled to left , Pierzynski to third , Quentin to second . Thome grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Brown struck out swinging . Mathis popped out to second . Willits doubled to right center . Izturis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Garland pitching for Angels . Konerko lined out to second . Crede grounded out to shortstop . Swisher walked . Uribe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Guerrero grounded out to second . Anderson singled to center . Hunter flied out to center . Kotchman hit by pitch , Anderson to second . Anderson to third , Kotchman to second on wild pitch by Vazquez . Aybar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Garland pitching for Angels . Cabrera lined out to left . Pierzynski fouled out to third . Quentin reached on infield single to shortstop . Dye grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Quentin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Brown popped out to second . Mathis struck out swinging . Willits grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Garland pitching for Angels . Thome flied out to center . Konerko grounded out to third . Crede singled to center . Swisher grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero flied out to right . Anderson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Garland pitching for Angels . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out looking . Pierzynski flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Ramirez at second base . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Hunter struck out looking . Kotchman singled to shallow right . Aybar sacrificed to pitcher , Kotchman to second . Brown struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Quentin grounded out to third . Dye singled to left . Thome walked , Dye to second . Konerko grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Thome out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Napoli hit for Mathis . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Napoli struck out swinging . Willits flied out to center . Izturis reached on infield single to shortstop . Guerrero doubled to deep center , Izturis to third . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Anderson safe at first on error by third baseman Crede , Izturis scored , Guerrero to third . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Hunter walked , Anderson to second . Kotchman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hunter out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 8th . Napoli catching . Oliver pitching for Angels . Crede flied out to right . Swisher walked . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Swisher out at second . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Aybar struck out swinging . Brown flied out to right . Napoli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Pierzynski doubled to center . Quentin flied out to center , Pierzynski to third . Dye fouled out to first . Thome singled to right center , Pierzynski scored . Konerko flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Anderson in center field . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Willits struck out swinging . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . Guerrero grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 4 - Angels 3 .	Pierzynski , Thome team up in 9th for ChiSox 's win