Rays - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Iwamura struck out swinging . Ruggiano grounded out to pitcher . Crawford reached first base on catcher 's interference . Crawford batting . Upton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 1st . Jackson pitching for Rays . Izturis grounded out to second . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Anderson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Longoria homered to left . Aybar homered to left . Navarro homered to left . Gross grounded out to first . Bartlett grounded out to second . Iwamura singled to left . Ruggiano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Iwamura out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Jackson pitching for Rays . Guerrero doubled to deep center . Hunter struck out swinging . Kotchman grounded out to first , Guerrero to third . Matthews singled to center , Guerrero scored . Quinlan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Crawford singled to center . Upton flied out to right . Longoria struck out swinging . Crawford out at second on batter 's interference . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Jackson pitching for Rays . Mathis reached on infield single to first . Izturis singled to center , Mathis to second . Kendrick flied out to center , Mathis to third advancing on play . Anderson hit sacrifice fly to center , Mathis scored , Izturis out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Aybar batting . Navarro popped out to second . Gross struck out looking . Bartlett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Jackson pitching for Rays . Guerrero singled to center . Hunter homered to left center , Guerrero scored . Kotchman singled to center . Matthews singled to right , Kotchman to second . Quinlan grounded into double play , third to second to first , Matthews out at second , Kotchman to third . Mathis popped out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Iwamura reached on infield single to pitcher . Ruggiano flied out to center . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Iwamura out at second . Crawford stole second . Upton doubled to deep left , Crawford scored . Longoria walked . Aybar singled to center , Upton scored , Longoria to second . Navarro doubled to deep right center , Longoria and Aybar scored . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Gross singled to right , Navarro scored . Gross caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Bartlett batting . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Jackson pitching for Rays . Izturis flied out to right . Kendrick grounded out to second . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Bartlett flied out to left . Iwamura struck out swinging . Ruggiano lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Jackson pitching for Rays . Guerrero singled to left . Hunter flied out to left . Kotchman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guerrero out at second . Matthews singled to center , Kotchman to third . Quinlan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . O'Day pitching for Angels . Crawford singled to center . Crawford stole second . Upton grounded out to pitcher , Crawford to third . Longoria doubled to deep center , Crawford scored . Aybar grounded out to pitcher , Longoria to third . Navarro singled to right , Longoria scored . Gross struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Jackson pitching for Rays . Mathis walked . Izturis grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Mathis out at second . Kendrick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Bartlett singled to left . Iwamura grounded out to pitcher , Bartlett to second . Ruggiano singled to center , Bartlett to third . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bartlett scored , Ruggiano safe at third on error by pitcher O'Day . Upton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crawford out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Reyes pitching for Rays . Anderson lined out to second . Guerrero singled to center , Guerrero out over - sliding at second . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Willits in center field . Wood at shortstop . Rodriguez at third base . Rivera in left field . Oliver pitching for Angels . Longoria homered to left . Aybar grounded out to second . Navarro doubled to right . Gross popped out to shortstop . Bartlett singled to right , Navarro scored . Iwamura flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Glover pitching for Rays . Kotchman popped out to third . Matthews doubled to deep center . Rivera flied out to right , Matthews to third . Mathis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 13 - Angels 4 .	Longoria , 18 hits deliver Rays high - scoring victory