Mets - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Reyes singled to center . Easley ran for Reyes . Castillo singled to center , Easley to third . Wright grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Easley scored , Castillo out at second . Beltran grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Easley at shortstop . Santana pitching for Mets . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Izturis singled to left . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Izturis out at second . Guerrero doubled to deep left center , Anderson to third . Hunter doubled to left , Anderson and Guerrero scored . Kotchman safe at first on error by first baseman Delgado , Hunter scored . Kotchman stole second . Kendrick struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Delgado grounded out to first . Anderson grounded out to first . Tatis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Mets . Matthews grounded out to third . Mathis struck out swinging . Figgins grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Schneider popped out to third . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . Easley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Mets . Izturis struck out swinging . Anderson struck out swinging . Guerrero singled to left , Guerrero to second on error by left fielder Anderson . Hunter walked . Kotchman singled to center , Guerrero scored , Hunter to third . Kendrick struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Castillo grounded out to second . Wright singled to right . Beltran grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wright out at second . Beltran stole second . Delgado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Mets . Matthews singled to center . Mathis sacrificed to pitcher , Matthews to second . Figgins walked . Izturis flied out to right . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Anderson singled to center . Tatis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson out at second . Schneider grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Tatis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Mets . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Hunter doubled to right . Kotchman popped out to second . Kendrick grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Chavez singled to right . Easley struck out swinging , Chavez stole second . Castillo struck out swinging . Wright struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Santana pitching for Mets . Matthews grounded out to shortstop . Mathis homered to center . Figgins grounded out to second . Izturis lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Beltran grounded out to second . Delgado grounded out to second . Anderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Heilman pitching for Mets . Anderson lined out to right . Guerrero flied out to right . Hunter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Tatis struck out looking . Schneider flied out to left . Chavez singled to right . Chavez stole second . Easley walked . Shields pitching for Angels . Castillo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Vargas pitching for Mets . Kotchman singled to center . Kendrick reached on infield single to third , Kotchman to second . Matthews reached on infield single to third , Kotchman to third , Kendrick to second , Kotchman scored , Kendrick to third , Matthews to second on error by second baseman Castillo . Mathis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matthews out at third . Figgins struck out looking . Izturis popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 9th . Shields pitching for Angels . Wright flied out to center . Beltran walked . Delgado struck out swinging . Anderson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 1 - Angels 6 .	Mets rolled by Halos in Manuel 's managerial debut