Angels - Top 1st . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Izturis grounded out to first . Anderson doubled to right . Guerrero homered to left , Anderson scored . Hunter doubled to left . Kotchman walked . Kendrick struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Rollins struck out looking . Victorino singled to center . Victorino stole second , Victorino safe at third on throwing error by catcher Mathis . Utley struck out swinging . Howard walked . Burrell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 2nd . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Mathis flied out to center . Santana lined out to left . Figgins reached on infield single to shortstop . Izturis walked , Figgins to second . Anderson singled to left , Figgins scored , Izturis to third . Guerrero flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Jenkins lined out to third . Feliz flied out to center . Coste doubled to deep right center . Eaton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Hunter safe at first on error by third baseman Feliz . Kotchman flied out to center . Kendrick doubled to right , Hunter to third . Mathis intentionally walked . Santana grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Hunter out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Rollins grounded out to first . Victorino flied out to right . Utley lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Figgins lined out to right . Izturis fouled out to third . Anderson hit by pitch . Guerrero singled to center , Anderson to third . Hunter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Howard struck out looking . Burrell struck out looking . Jenkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Kotchman popped out to first . Kendrick singled to right . Mathis singled to left , Kendrick to second . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mathis out at second , Kendrick to third . Figgins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Feliz struck out swinging . Coste grounded out to third . Eaton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Izturis singled to right . Anderson singled to center , Izturis to second . Guerrero singled to center , Izturis scored , Anderson to second . Madson pitching for Phillies . Hunter struck out swinging . Kotchman singled to right , Anderson scored , Guerrero to third . Kendrick hit ground rule double to deep center , Guerrero scored , Kotchman to third . Mathis intentionally walked . Santana struck out swinging . Figgins flied out to center . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Rollins safe at first on error by first baseman Kotchman . Rollins stole second , Rollins safe at third on throwing error by catcher Mathis . Victorino walked . Utley hit sacrifice fly to center , Rollins scored . Victorino stole second . Howard struck out swinging . Burrell struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Anderson walked . Guerrero grounded into double play , third to second to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Santana pitching for Angels . Jenkins flied out to left . Feliz popped out to second . Coste grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Hunter lined out to right . Kotchman doubled to left . Kendrick singled to right , Kotchman to third . Mathis doubled to left , Kotchman scored , Kendrick to third . Matthews hit for Santana . Matthews intentionally walked . Figgins grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Kendrick out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Dobbs hit for Condrey . Dobbs struck out swinging . Rollins grounded out to second . Victorino safe at first on error by first baseman Kotchman . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 9th . Romero pitching for Phillies . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Anderson grounded out to first . Guerrero walked . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Speier pitching for Angels . Howard grounded out to first . Burrell struck out swinging . Jenkins fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - Phillies 1 .	Angels ' Santana overpowers Phillies ; Vlad homers