Angels - Top 1st . Hill pitching for Nationals . Figgins walked . Aybar singled to right , Figgins to third . Anderson hit sacrifice fly to left , Figgins scored , Aybar to second on throwing error by left fielder Lo Duca . Guerrero singled to center , Aybar scored . Hunter singled to right , Guerrero to second . Kotchman safe at first on error by first baseman Young , Guerrero scored , Hunter to third . Kendrick singled to center , Hunter scored , Kotchman to second . Napoli doubled to deep left , Kotchman scored , Kendrick to third . Garland grounded out to pitcher , Kendrick scored , Napoli to third . Figgins grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for Angels . Guzman grounded out to second . Dukes grounded out to shortstop . Milledge lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Hill pitching for Nationals . Aybar struck out looking . Anderson safe at first on error by second baseman Harris . Guerrero batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Matthews in right field . Garland pitching for Angels . Young flied out to left . Flores struck out swinging . Belliard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Hill pitching for Nationals . Hunter singled to right . Kotchman grounded into double play , second to first , Hunter out at second . Kendrick singled to left . Kendrick stole second . Kendrick to third on balk by Hill . Napoli homered to right , Kendrick scored . Garland grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for Angels . Pena homered to left . Harris singled to right . Lopez hit for Hill . Lopez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Harris out at second . Guzman grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Shell pitching for Nationals . Figgins singled to left . Aybar lined into double play , to first , Figgins doubled off first . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for Angels . Dukes homered to left . Milledge grounded out to first . Young singled to left . Flores grounded into double play , third to second to first , Young out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Shell pitching for Nationals . Matthews grounded out to first . Hunter singled to left . Kotchman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hunter out at second . Kendrick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Garland pitching for Angels . Belliard walked . Pena grounded out to first , Belliard to second . Harris lined out to left . Casto hit for Shell . Casto singled to left center , Belliard scored . Guzman singled to left , Casto to second . Dukes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Napoli struck out looking . Garland walked . Figgins grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Garland safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Young . Aybar popped out to shortstop . Anderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Garland pitching for Angels . Milledge popped out to shortstop . Young grounded out to pitcher . Flores grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Matthews reached on infield single to third . Hunter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matthews out at second . Kotchman popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Garland pitching for Angels . Belliard popped out to second . Pena grounded out to second . Harris struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Orr at second base . Kendrick popped out to second . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . Rivera hit for Garland . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Orr struck out swinging . Guzman struck out looking . Dukes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Manning pitching for Nationals . Figgins flied out to right . Aybar struck out swinging . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Milledge grounded out to third . Young struck out swinging . Flores grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 8 - Nationals 3 .	Angels put away listless Nats with six - runs in first