Angels - Top 1st . Olson pitching for Orioles . Figgins lined out to left . Aybar flied out to left . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Fahey singled to center . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fahey out at second . Markakis doubled to deep right , Jones scored . Huff reached on infield single to second , Markakis to third . Millar walked , Huff to second . Scott hit by pitch , Markakis scored , Huff to third , Millar to second . Payton popped out to second . Quiroz struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Olson pitching for Orioles . Guerrero doubled to deep right . Hunter flied out to center . Rivera flied out to left . Matthews struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Castro flied out to left . Fahey flied out to right . Jones fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Olson pitching for Orioles . Quinlan singled to left center . Budde grounded into double play , third to second to first , Quinlan out at second . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Markakis grounded out to second . Huff singled to right . Millar walked , Huff to second . Scott walked , Huff to third , Millar to second . Payton struck out swinging . Quiroz singled to left , Huff and Millar scored , Scott to second . Castro grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Olson pitching for Orioles . Aybar singled to left . Kendrick singled to center , Aybar to third . Guerrero grounded out to third , Aybar scored , Kendrick to second . Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop . Rivera grounded out to pitcher , Kendrick to third , Hunter to second . Matthews walked . Quinlan flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Fahey struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Olson pitching for Orioles . Budde fouled out to catcher . Figgins flied out to left . Aybar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Huff grounded out to pitcher . Millar flied out to center . Scott grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Olson pitching for Orioles . Kendrick walked . Guerrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kendrick out at second . Hunter flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Payton tripled to deep right . Quiroz singled to center , Payton scored . Speier pitching for Angels . Castro sacrificed to catcher , Quiroz to second . Fahey reached on infield single to shortstop , Quiroz to third on throwing error by shortstop Aybar . Fahey to second on wild pitch by Speier . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Markakis grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 7th . Olson pitching for Orioles . Rivera singled to left . Matthews singled to left , Rivera to second . Bradford pitching for Orioles . Kotchman hit for Quinlan . Kotchman grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Matthews out at second , Rivera to third . Anderson hit for Budde . Anderson singled to right , Rivera scored , Kotchman to third . Figgins grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Kotchman at first base . Mathis catching . Speier pitching for Angels . Huff popped out to shortstop . Millar grounded out to pitcher . Scott flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Aybar grounded out to first . Kendrick struck out swinging . Guerrero walked . Hunter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . O'Day pitching for Angels . Payton grounded out to shortstop . Quiroz singled to center . Castro reached on infield single to second , Quiroz to second . Fahey struck out swinging . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Sherrill pitching for Orioles . Rivera grounded out to third . Matthews lined out to left . Kotchman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 2 - Orioles 5 .	O 's upend Angels , Santana ; claim rare Sunday win