Angels - Top 1st . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Figgins struck out looking . Izturis struck out looking . Teixeira flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Pedroia flied out to center . Youkilis grounded out to third . Ortiz walked . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Guerrero grounded out to second . Hunter grounded out to second . Anderson singled to right . Kendrick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Lowell fouled out to first . Drew lined out to center . Lowrie grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Matthews grounded out to pitcher . Mathis struck out swinging . Figgins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Varitek struck out swinging . Crisp grounded out to pitcher . Pedroia doubled to deep center . Youkilis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Izturis doubled to deep right center . Teixeira struck out looking . Guerrero singled to center , Izturis scored . Hunter doubled to deep right center , Guerrero to third . Anderson singled to right , Guerrero and Hunter scored , Anderson to second on error by catcher Varitek . Kendrick struck out swinging . Matthews grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Ortiz singled to shallow right center . Ramirez lined out to left . Lowell singled to right , Ortiz to second . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lowell out at second , Ortiz to third . Lowrie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Mathis grounded out to third . Figgins singled to right . Izturis singled to right , Figgins to third . Teixeira struck out swinging . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Izturis out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Varitek walked . Crisp homered to left center , Varitek scored . Pedroia flied out to center . Youkilis doubled to deep left . Ortiz grounded out to second , Youkilis to third . Ramirez intentionally walked . Lowell flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Hunter walked . Anderson homered to right , Hunter scored . Kendrick singled to center . Matthews grounded out to second , Kendrick to second . Mathis doubled to left , Kendrick scored . Figgins singled to right , Mathis to third . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Figgins stole second . Mathis scored , Figgins safe at third on error by shortstop Lowrie . Izturis hit sacrifice fly to left , Figgins scored . Teixeira safe at first on error by first baseman Youkilis . Guerrero doubled to center , Teixeira to third . Hunter grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 3 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Drew grounded out to second . Lowrie lined out to center . Varitek flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Anderson grounded out to second . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Matthews flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Speier pitching for Angels . Crisp grounded out to first . Pedroia flied out to center . Youkilis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Mathis singled to center . Figgins singled to center , Mathis to second . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Figgins out at second , Mathis to third . Teixeira walked , Izturis to second . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Guerrero grounded into double play , third to second to first , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Speier pitching for Angels . Ortiz doubled to deep center . Ramirez flied out to center . Lowell struck out looking . Ortiz to third on wild pitch by Speier . Drew flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Hunter homered to left . Anderson doubled to deep right . Kendrick struck out swinging . Matthews grounded out to second , Anderson to third . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Rivera in left field . Willits in right field . Matthews in center field . Oliver pitching for Angels . Lowrie grounded out to third . Varitek singled to left . Crisp singled to center , Varitek to second . Pedroia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crisp out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 9 - Red Sox 2 .	MLB - leading Angels complete sweep over Red Sox