Mariners - Top 1st . Garland pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to second . Reed grounded out to second . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Figgins flied out to right . Aybar hit by pitch . Teixeira fouled out to right . Guerrero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Garland pitching for Angels . Beltre grounded out to third . Lopez struck out swinging . Clement doubled to deep right . Balentien singled to center , Clement thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Hunter lined out to shortstop . Anderson flied out to left . Kendrick singled to center . Rivera popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Garland pitching for Angels . LaHair grounded out to third . Betancourt singled to right . Suzuki singled to left , Betancourt to second . Reed singled to left , Betancourt to third , Suzuki to second . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Betancourt scored , Reed out at second , Suzuki to third . Beltre singled to right , Suzuki scored , Ibanez to second . Lopez singled to center , Ibanez scored , Beltre to third . Clement grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Mathis popped out to second . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Aybar singled to center . Teixeira reached on infield single to third , Aybar to second . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Garland pitching for Angels . Balentien walked . LaHair flied out to center . Betancourt grounded into double play , third to second to first , Balentien out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Hunter grounded out to second . Anderson flied out to center . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Garland pitching for Angels . Suzuki reached on infield single to first . Reed fouled out to third . Ibanez singled to shallow right , Suzuki to third . Beltre popped out to first . Lopez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Rivera homered to left . Mathis safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt . Figgins singled to right , Mathis to second . Aybar sacrificed to pitcher , Mathis to third , Figgins to second . Teixeira grounded out to second , Mathis scored , Figgins to third . Guerrero homered to left , Figgins scored . Hunter doubled to deep center . Hunter stole third . Anderson flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Garland pitching for Angels . Clement struck out swinging . Balentien grounded out to second . LaHair grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Kendrick lined out to first . Rivera fouled out to first . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Garland pitching for Angels . Betancourt flied out to left . Suzuki flied out to center . Reed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Figgins struck out swinging . Aybar grounded out to third . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Ibanez singled to center . Beltre fouled out to first . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ibanez safe at second on error by third baseman Figgins . Clement struck out looking . Balentien grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Guerrero grounded out to third . Hunter walked . Anderson homered to right , Hunter scored . Kendrick singled to left . Rivera doubled to deep right center , Kendrick scored . Mathis struck out swinging . Woods pitching for Mariners . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Arredondo pitching for Angels . LaHair singled to left . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LaHair out at second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Betancourt out at second . Suzuki to second on fielder 's indifference . Reed safe at first on error by first baseman Teixeira , Suzuki to third . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Angels 7 .	Halos ride long ball to win , push win streak to five