Angels - Top 1st . Miner pitching for Tigers . Figgins struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to second . Teixeira grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for Angels . Granderson singled to left . Polanco singled to right , Granderson to third . Ordonez singled to right , Granderson scored , Polanco to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Polanco scored . Joyce grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ordonez out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Miner pitching for Tigers . Guerrero singled to right . Hunter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Guerrero out at second . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for Angels . Sheffield popped out to first . Renteria grounded out to third . Hessman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Miner pitching for Tigers . Napoli grounded out to third . Wood flied out to right . Rodriguez singled to left . Rodriguez to second on passed ball by Inge . Figgins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for Angels . Inge lined out to pitcher . Granderson grounded out to second . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Anderson grounded out to third . Teixeira homered to right . Guerrero grounded out to third . Hunter grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for Angels . Ordonez doubled to deep center . Cabrera intentionally walked . Joyce grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second , Ordonez to third . Sheffield singled to center , Ordonez scored . Renteria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sheffield out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Morales singled to left . Napoli singled to left , Morales to second . Wood doubled to left , Morales scored , Napoli to third . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to center , Napoli scored , Wood to third . Figgins grounded out to third , Wood scored . Anderson doubled to deep right . Teixeira singled to center , Anderson scored . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teixeira out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Garland pitching for Angels . Hessman lined out to center . Inge walked . Granderson reached on infield single to shortstop , Inge to second . Polanco doubled to center , Inge and Granderson scored . Ordonez struck out swinging . Cabrera intentionally walked . Joyce struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Hunter grounded out to third . Morales hit by pitch . Napoli flied out to center . Wood fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Garland pitching for Angels . Sheffield popped out to shortstop . Renteria struck out swinging . Hessman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Santiago at shortstop . Rapada pitching for Tigers . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Figgins walked . Anderson singled to left , Figgins to second . Teixeira singled to left , Figgins scored , Anderson to second . Farnsworth pitching for Tigers . Guerrero singled to center , Anderson to third , Teixeira to second . Hunter struck out swinging . Morales flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Inge reached on infield single to shortstop . Granderson tripled to deep left center , Inge scored . Polanco singled to left , Granderson scored . Ordonez flied out to center . Cabrera struck out looking . Joyce flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Tigers . Napoli struck out looking . Wood reached on infield single to shortstop . Rodriguez singled to left , Wood to second . Figgins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Speier pitching for Angels . Sheffield singled to center . Santiago sacrificed to pitcher , Sheffield to second . Sheffield to third on wild pitch by Speier . Hessman homered to left , Sheffield scored . Inge fouled out to first . Granderson lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Anderson singled to center . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Anderson out at second . Guerrero doubled to deep center , Teixeira to third . Hunter walked . Morales fouled out to third . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 6 - Tigers 9 .	Polanco 's RBI single rallies Tigers past Angels