Angels - Top 1st . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . Figgins flied out to right . Anderson struck out swinging . Teixeira struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Angels . Suzuki flied out to right . Betancourt struck out swinging . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . Guerrero grounded out to third . Hunter popped out to shortstop . Kendrick singled to center . Matthews homered to center , Kendrick scored . Napoli singled to center . Aybar flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Lopez lined out to center . Reed grounded out to shortstop . Balentien struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . Figgins reached on bunt single to catcher . Figgins caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Anderson struck out swinging . Teixeira walked . Teixeira to second on wild pitch by Feierabend . Guerrero walked . Hunter flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Tuiasosopo flied out to center . Johjima singled to center . Valbuena struck out swinging . Suzuki doubled to deep right , Johjima to third . Betancourt singled to center , Johjima and Suzuki scored . Ibanez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . Kendrick singled to right . Matthews walked , Kendrick to second . Napoli homered to center , Kendrick and Matthews scored . Aybar grounded out to second . Figgins flied out to right . Anderson singled to right . Green pitching for Mariners . Teixeira walked , Anderson to second . Guerrero safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Tuiasosopo , Anderson to third , Teixeira to second . Hunter grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Lopez grounded out to second . Reed grounded out to second . Balentien struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Green pitching for Mariners . Kendrick grounded out to second . Matthews flied out to left . Napoli singled to center . Napoli stole second . Aybar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Tuiasosopo tripled to deep left . Johjima popped out to third . Valbuena struck out swinging . Suzuki bunt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Green pitching for Mariners . Figgins reached on infield single to shortstop . Anderson singled to center , Figgins to second . Teixeira flied out to left , Figgins to third . Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to right , Figgins scored . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez at second base . Weaver pitching for Angels . Betancourt struck out looking . Ibanez singled to center . Lopez singled to left , Ibanez to second . Reed reached on infield single to second , Ibanez scored , Lopez to third . Balentien doubled to deep center , Lopez scored , Reed to third . Tuiasosopo struck out looking . Johjima doubled to deep right center , Reed and Balentien scored . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Valbuena walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johjima out at third , Valbuena to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Corcoran pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez flied out to center . Matthews grounded out to first . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Betancourt singled to right center . Betancourt stole second . Ibanez walked . Lopez flied out to left . Reed singled to center , Betancourt scored , Ibanez to third . Speier pitching for Angels . Balentien safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar , Ibanez scored , Reed to second . Reed to third , Balentien to second on wild pitch by Speier . Tuiasosopo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reed out at home , Balentien to third . Johjima singled to right , Balentien scored , Tuiasosopo to second . Valbuena flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Corcoran pitching for Mariners . Aybar grounded out to first . Figgins walked . Anderson grounded out to first , Figgins to second . Teixeira flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Loux pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to second . Betancourt singled to center . Ibanez struck out looking . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Betancourt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Cairo at third base . Guerrero struck out looking . Hunter lined out to right . Morales hit for Rodriguez . Morales flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 6 - Mariners 9 .	Angels ' drive for home - field advantage stalled