Marlins - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Pierre grounded out to pitcher . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Stanton walked . Dobbs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . LeBlanc pitching for Marlins . Span grounded out to first . Werth singled to left . Harper singled to right , Werth to second . Zimmerman doubled to deep center , Werth and Harper scored . LaRoche flied out to left , Zimmerman to third . Desmond grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Ruggiano homered to right ( 393 feet ) . Brantly singled to center . Solano flied out to right . Hechavarria singled to center , Brantly to second . LeBlanc struck out swinging . Pierre flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . LeBlanc pitching for Marlins . Espinosa grounded out to third . Ramos grounded out to second . Zimmermann struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Stanton walked . Dobbs flied out to left . Ruggiano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . LeBlanc pitching for Marlins . Span reached on bunt single to pitcher , Span to second on error by pitcher LeBlanc . Werth struck out swinging . Harper singled to right , Span scored , Harper to second on throwing error by right fielder Stanton . Harper caught stealing third , catcher to third . Zimmerman walked . LaRoche flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Brantly flied out to left . Solano reached on infield single to shortstop . Hechavarria singled to right center , Solano to second . LeBlanc bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Solano out at third , Hechavarria to second . Pierre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . LeBlanc pitching for Marlins . Desmond struck out swinging . Espinosa struck out swinging . Ramos walked . Zimmermann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Polanco grounded out to second . Stanton flied out to right . Dobbs singled to center . Ruggiano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dobbs out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . LeBlanc pitching for Marlins . Span flied out to center . Werth flied out to left . Harper popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Brantly singled to left center . Solano singled to left , Brantly to second . Hechavarria grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Solano out at second , Brantly to third . Kearns hit for LeBlanc . Kearns grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Rauch pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman reached on infield single to third . LaRoche grounded out to second , Zimmerman to second . Desmond grounded out to first , Zimmerman to third . Espinosa flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Pierre flied out to right . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Stanton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Rauch pitching for Marlins . Ramos singled to center . Lombardozzi hit for Rodriguez . Lombardozzi sacrificed to pitcher , Ramos to second . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Ramos to third on wild pitch by Dunn . Span walked . Werth homered to left center ( 434 feet ) , Ramos and Span scored . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman singled to left center . LaRoche fouled out to catcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Dobbs struck out swinging . Ruggiano fouled out to first . Brantly flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Desmond struck out swinging . Espinosa struck out swinging . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Solano walked . Hechavarria grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Solano out at second . Coghlan hit for Cishek . Coghlan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 1 - Nationals 6 .	Nats ride power , pitching to sweep of Miami