Nationals - Top 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Span lined out to second . Desmond singled to left . Harper grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Desmond out at second . Harper stole second . Zimmerman walked . Werth singled to left , Harper thrown out at home , Zimmerman to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Revere struck out looking . Rollins struck out swinging . Utley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . LaRoche flied out to right . Rendon struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Brown struck out swinging . Young doubled to deep right . Young grounded out to third . Ruf struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Zimmermann struck out swinging , Zimmermann safe at first on wild pitch by Kendrick . Span bunted into double play , catcher to shortstop to first , Zimmermann out at second . Desmond grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Ruiz grounded out to second . Kendrick flied out to left . Revere singled to left center . Rollins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Harper flied out to center . Zimmerman fouled out to first . Werth singled to left . LaRoche safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Utley , Werth advanced to second . Werth to third on throwing error by second baseman Utley . Rendon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Utley flied out to left . Brown singled to right . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brown out at second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Suzuki safe at second on error by third baseman Young . Zimmermann bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Suzuki out at third . Span grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Zimmermann out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Ruf struck out looking . Ruiz reached on infield single to second . Kendrick sacrificed to catcher , Ruiz to second . Revere singled to center , Ruiz scored . Revere stole second . Rollins grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Desmond grounded out to pitcher . Harper tripled to deep right . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to right , Harper scored . Werth grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Utley struck out swinging . Brown doubled to deep left center . Young lined out to center , Brown to third . Young grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . LaRoche flied out to left . Rendon reached on infield single to third . Suzuki lined out to second . Rendon to second on wild pitch by Kendrick . Zimmermann grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Ruf doubled to left . McDonald ran for Ruf . Ruiz sacrificed to catcher , McDonald to third . Frandsen hit for Kendrick . Frandsen doubled to right center , McDonald scored . Krol pitching for Nationals . Revere grounded out to pitcher , Frandsen to third . Rollins grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Young at first base . Mayberry Jr. in right field . McDonald at third base . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Span grounded out to third . Desmond struck out swinging . Harper grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Krol pitching for Nationals . Utley doubled to deep right center . Brown flied out to right , Utley to third . Storen pitching for Nationals . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Utley scored . Mayberry Jr. struck out swinging . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher . Werth struck out swinging . LaRoche grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 1 - Phillies 3 .	Phils ' Kendrick outduels Zimmermann in win