Pirates - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Marte lined out to left . Mercer singled to left center . McCutchen struck out looking . Martin walked , Mercer to second . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Harper hit by pitch . Lombardozzi reached on bunt single to catcher , Harper to second , Harper scored , Lombardozzi to second on error by third baseman Alvarez . Zimmerman singled to right , Lombardozzi scored . LaRoche flied out to center . Werth struck out swinging . Desmond singled to deep left , Zimmerman to second . Span singled to right , Zimmerman scored , Desmond to third , Desmond scored , Span to second on throwing error by first baseman Sanchez . Suzuki safe at first on error by second baseman Mercer , Span to third . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 3 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Sanchez singled to center . Harrison singled to left , Sanchez to second . Barmes struck out swinging . Burnett struck out looking . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Harrison out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Harper grounded out to second . Lombardozzi struck out swinging . Zimmerman reached on infield single to second . LaRoche flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Mercer walked . McCutchen walked , Mercer to second . Martin struck out swinging . Alvarez lined into double play , to second , Mercer doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Werth grounded out to third . Desmond grounded out to second . Span grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Sanchez reached on infield single to second . Harrison struck out swinging . Barmes doubled to deep left , Sanchez to third . Burnett grounded out to first , Sanchez scored , Barmes to third . Marte struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Suzuki grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Harper grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Mercer doubled to deep right . McCutchen grounded out to second , Mercer to third . Martin struck out swinging . Alvarez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Lombardozzi doubled to center . Zimmerman reached on infield single to catcher , Lombardozzi to third . LaRoche hit by pitch , Zimmerman to second . Werth struck out looking . Desmond struck out looking . Span grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Sanchez singled to right . Harrison homered to center ( 406 feet ) , Sanchez scored . Barmes struck out swinging . Burnett struck out looking . Marte walked . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Bernadina in center field . Marte stole second . Mercer grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Suzuki grounded out to second . Bernadina grounded out to first . Harper doubled to deep right . Lombardozzi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . McCutchen grounded out to third . Martin struck out looking . Alvarez reached on infield single to shortstop , Alvarez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Zimmerman grounded out to third . LaRoche singled to right . Werth struck out looking . Desmond walked , LaRoche to second . Tracy hit for Stammen . Tracy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Snider hit for Sanchez . Snider flied out to right . Harrison flied out to center . Jones hit for Barmes . Jones popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Mercer at shortstop . Snider in right field . Harrison at second base . Jones at first base . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Suzuki lined out to left . Bernadina walked . Harper singled to center , Bernadina to third . Lombardozzi hit ground rule double to left , Bernadina scored , Harper to third . Zimmerman struck out looking . LaRoche tripled to deep right , Harper and Lombardozzi scored . Black pitching for Pirates . Werth walked . Desmond struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Soriano pitching for Nationals . Walker hit for Black . Walker walked . Marte walked , Walker to second . Mercer doubled to center , Walker scored , Marte to third . McCutchen struck out swinging . Martin singled to left , Marte scored , Mercer to third . Krol pitching for Nationals . Alvarez walked , Martin to second . Tabata hit for Snider . Tabata struck out swinging . Harrison singled to center , Mercer and Martin scored , Alvarez to third , Harrison to second advancing on throw . Jones struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Morris pitching for Pirates . Harrison in right field . Walker at second base . Hairston hit for Krol . Hairston grounded out to pitcher . Suzuki singled to right . Bernadina grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at second . Harper homered to center ( 397 feet ) , Bernadina scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 7 - Nationals 9 .	Harper 's first walk - off HR halts Nats ' slide