Nationals - Top 1st . Martin pitching for Phillies . Span grounded out to second . Zimmerman struck out looking . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Hernandez struck out swinging . Galvis struck out swinging . Frandsen walked . Ruiz walked , Frandsen to second . Ruf lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Martin pitching for Phillies . Werth hit by pitch . Desmond popped out to shortstop . LaRoche walked , Werth to second . Ramos homered to right center ( 411 feet ) , Werth and LaRoche scored . Rendon lined out to right . Gonzalez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Asche singled to right . Mayberry Jr. fouled out to catcher . Martinez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Asche out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Martin pitching for Phillies . Span singled to center . Zimmerman popped out to second . Harper grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Span out at second . Werth flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Martin struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Galvis lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Martin pitching for Phillies . Desmond flied out to right . LaRoche doubled to right . Ramos flied out to right . Rendon intentionally walked . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Frandsen singled to center . Ruiz safe at first on error by third baseman Zimmerman , Frandsen to second . Frandsen to third , Ruiz to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez . Ruf struck out swinging . Asche singled to center , Frandsen and Ruiz scored . Mayberry Jr. struck out looking . Martinez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 5th . Martin pitching for Phillies . Span doubled to deep right . Zimmerman grounded out to second , Span to third . Harper walked . Werth fouled out to first . Harper stole second . Desmond walked . LaRoche walked , Span scored , Harper to third , Desmond to second . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Ramos walked , Harper scored , Desmond to third , LaRoche to second . Rendon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Orr hit for De Fratus . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Orr singled to center . Hernandez lined out to second . Galvis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Orr out at second . Frandsen lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Robles pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Span safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Asche . Span to second on balk by Robles . Zimmerman walked , Span stole third . Zimmerman batting . Harper grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Span out at home , Zimmerman to second . Werth singled to center , Zimmerman scored , Harper to third . Desmond singled to right center , Harper scored , Werth to second . LaRoche grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Ruiz lined out to center . Ruf walked . Ruf to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez . Asche lined out to center . Mayberry Jr. safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Desmond , Ruf scored . Martinez singled to left , Mayberry Jr. scored , Martinez to third on throwing error by left fielder Harper . Kratz hit for Robles . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Utley hit for Kratz . Utley singled to left , Martinez scored . Utley to second on wild pitch by Mattheus . Utley to third on wild pitch by Mattheus . Hernandez grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Garcia pitching for Phillies . Ramos walked . Kobernus ran for Ramos . Rendon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kobernus out at second . Brown hit for Mattheus . Brown homered to right ( 420 feet ) . Span popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Solano catching . Storen pitching for Nationals . Galvis bunt grounded out to pitcher . Frandsen lined out to right . Ruiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Garcia pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Harper flied out to center . Werth reached on infield single to shortstop . Desmond singled to right , Werth to second . LaRoche walked , Werth to third , Desmond to second . Solano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Ruf flied out to center . Asche homered to right center ( 389 feet ) . Mayberry Jr. flied out to left . Martinez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Savery pitching for Phillies . Rendon grounded out to third . Moore hit for Clippard . Moore struck out swinging . Span singled to left . Rosenberg pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman singled to right , Span to third . Harper struck out swinging , Harper safe at first on wild pitch by Rosenberg , Span scored , Zimmerman to third . Werth grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Soriano pitching for Nationals . Rollins hit for Rosenberg . Rollins flied out to right . Hernandez singled to center . Galvis walked , Hernandez to second . Frandsen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Galvis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 9 - Phillies 6 .	Ramos , Gonzalez lead Nats past Phils