Padres - Top 1st . Leake pitching for Diamondbacks . Margot flied out to left . Martini singled to right center . Machado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martini out at second . Hosmer singled to left center , Machado to second . Naylor grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Quantrill pitching for Padres . Dyson grounded out to second . Rojas singled to right . Marte grounded out to first , Rojas to second . Escobar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Leake pitching for Diamondbacks . France singled to deep center . Urías flied out to center . Hedges flied out to center . Quantrill grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Quantrill pitching for Padres . Walker reached on infield single to second . Almonte singled to right , Almonte to second , Walker to third . Ahmed singled to center , Walker scored , Almonte to third . Ahmed to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Avila struck out swinging . Leake grounded out to second , Almonte scored , Ahmed to third . Dyson walked , Ahmed scored on Quantrill wild pitch . Rojas doubled to third , Dyson scored . Marte homered to right ( 390 feet ) , Rojas scored . Escobar popped out to third . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Leake pitching for Diamondbacks . Margot singled to center . Martini lined out to shortstop . Machado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Margot out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Quantrill pitching for Padres . Walker popped out to second . Almonte flied out to left . Ahmed safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Urías . Avila singled to center , Ahmed to third . Leake grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 4th . Leake pitching for Diamondbacks . Hosmer struck out looking . Naylor grounded out to second . France flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Quantrill pitching for Padres . Dyson grounded out to shortstop . Rojas lined out to right . Marte flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Leake pitching for Diamondbacks . Urías grounded out to third . Hedges flied out to center . Quantrill grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Quantrill pitching for Padres . Escobar singled to center . Walker struck out swinging . Almonte reached on infield single to second , Escobar to second . Ahmed struck out swinging . Avila doubled to deep right , Almonte scored and Escobar scored . Leake struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Leake pitching for Diamondbacks . Margot grounded out to third . Martini grounded out to third . Machado walked . Hosmer doubled to shallow left , Machado to third . Naylor singled to left , Machado scored , Hosmer to third . France homered to left ( 405 feet ) , Hosmer scored and Naylor scored . Urías reached on infield single to catcher , Urías thrown out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Guerra pitching for Padres . Garcia at shortstop . Dyson struck out looking . Rojas homered to right ( 429 feet ) . Marte grounded out to first . Escobar homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Walker homered to center ( 445 feet ) . Almonte doubled to deep center . Ahmed singled to left center , Almonte scored . Margevicius pitching for Padres . Avila struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Leake pitching for Diamondbacks . Hedges grounded out to third . Scott pitching for Diamondbacks . Joseph catching . Garcia walked . Margot walked , Garcia to second . Martini popped out to shortstop . Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks . Machado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Margot out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Allen catching . Myers at first base . Hedges at third base . Margevicius pitching for Padres . Joseph singled to right . Dyson struck out swinging . Rojas singled to right , Joseph to second . Marte doubled to left , Rojas scored and Joseph scored . Vargas ran for Marte . Escobar popped out to shortstop . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Rojas at second base . Vargas at third base . Duplantier pitching for Diamondbacks . Locastro in left field . Myers grounded out to pitcher . Naylor walked . France reached on infield single to second , Naylor to second . Jankowski hit for Margevicius . Jankowski walked , France to second , Naylor to third . Hedges walked , Naylor scored , Jankowski to second , France to third . Garcia struck out swinging . Margot reached on infield single to catcher , France scored , Hedges to second , Jankowski to third . Martini singled to right , Jankowski scored , Margot to second , Hedges to third . Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks . Allen struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Báez pitching for Padres . Jankowski in center field . Almonte walked . Ahmed struck out swinging . Locastro hit by pitch , Almonte to second . Joseph flied out to right . Dyson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Cron at first base . Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks . Myers singled to left . Naylor popped out to shortstop . France fouled out to left . Jankowski popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 7 - Diamondbacks 14 .	Rojas , Marte power D - backs past Padres 14 - 7