Cubs - Top 1st . Quantrill pitching for Padres . Zobrist singled to shallow left . Schwarber struck out swinging . Castellanos homered to center ( 428 feet ) , Zobrist scored . Rizzo grounded out to shortstop . Caratini struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Garcia struck out swinging . Martini grounded out to shortstop . Machado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Quantrill pitching for Padres . Hoerner singled to shallow right . Heyward walked , Hoerner to second . Bote struck out swinging . Hendricks grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Heyward out at second , Hoerner to third . Zobrist grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Hosmer grounded out to second . Myers grounded out to shortstop . Naylor struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Quantrill pitching for Padres . Schwarber struck out swinging . Castellanos flied out to right . Rizzo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Hedges lined out to shortstop . Urías singled to center . Quantrill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Urías out at second . Garcia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Quantrill pitching for Padres . Caratini singled to left . Hoerner grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Caratini out at second . Heyward singled to right , Hoerner to third . Bote walked , Hoerner scored on Quantrill wild pitch , Heyward to second . Hendricks bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Bote to second , Heyward out at third . Zobrist lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Martini singled to right . Machado singled to center , Martini to second . Eric Hosmer reaches on fielder 's choice .    Nick Martini scores .     Manny Machado to 3rd .     Eric Hosmer to 2nd .   Throwing error by second baseman Ben Zobrist . Myers hit sacrifice fly to left , Machado scored . Hosmer caught stealing third , catcher to third . Naylor walked . Hedges struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 5th . Quantrill pitching for Padres . Schwarber homered to left ( 371 feet ) . Castellanos singled to left . Rizzo struck out swinging . Caratini singled to left center , Castellanos to third . Hoerner tripled to left , Castellanos scored and Caratini scored . Heyward singled to shallow right , Hoerner scored . Yardley pitching for Padres . Bote singled to right , Heyward to third . Hendricks sacrificed to pitcher , Heyward scored , Bote to second . Zobrist grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Urías struck out looking . Jankowski hit for Yardley . Jankowski grounded out to pitcher . Garcia singled to left center . Martini singled to deep right , Garcia to second . Machado reached on infield single to pitcher , Martini to second , Garcia to third . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Machado out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Erlin pitching for Padres . Schwarber singled to center . Castellanos reached on infield single to third , Schwarber to second . Rizzo struck out swinging . Caratini grounded out to pitcher , Castellanos to second , Schwarber to third . Hoerner singled to center , Schwarber scored and Castellanos scored . Heyward grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Happ at second base . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Myers singled to right . Naylor struck out swinging . Hedges lined out to shortstop . Urías safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Bote , Myers to second . Allen hit for Erlin . Wieck pitching for Cubs . Allen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 7th . France at third base . Mejias - Brean at first base . Guerra pitching for Padres . Allen catching . Bote walked . Kemp hit for Wieck . Kemp singled to right , Bote to second . Happ flied out to left . Schwarber flied out to right , Bote to third . Castellanos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Happ in center field . Mills pitching for Cubs . Kemp at second base . Garcia struck out swinging . Martini singled to right . France flied out to center . Mejias - Brean struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Lucroy hit for Rizzo . Margevicius pitching for Padres . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Caratini struck out looking . Hoerner grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Lucroy at first base . Norwood pitching for Cubs . Myers grounded out to second . Naylor lined out to left . Margot hit for Margevicius . Margot struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Reyes pitching for Padres . Descalso hit for Norwood . Descalso struck out swinging . Bote struck out swinging . Kemp safe at first on error by second baseman Garcia . Happ grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 9th . Holland pitching for Cubs . Urías singled to center . Allen flied out to right . Garcia grounded out to pitcher , Urías to second . Martini grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 10 - Padres 2 .	Hoerner logs 3 hits , 4 RBIs in debut ; Cubs beat Padres