Red Sox - Top 1st . Matz pitching for Blue Jays . Hernández flied out to right . Verdugo grounded out to shortstop . Martinez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Pivetta pitching for Red Sox . Semien struck out looking . Bichette doubled to deep right . Guerrero Jr. doubled to deep left , Bichette scored . Hernández walked . Grichuk doubled to left , Guerrero Jr. scored , Hernández to third . Biggio struck out swinging . Espinal lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Matz pitching for Blue Jays . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Devers grounded out to shortstop . Vázquez singled to left . Renfroe singled to right center , Vázquez to second . Dalbec homered to right ( 349 feet ) , Vázquez scored and Renfroe scored . Chavis doubled to deep right . Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop , Chavis scored . Verdugo singled to right center , Hernández to third . Martinez singled to left , Hernández scored , Verdugo to second . Bogaerts walked , Martinez to second , Verdugo to third . Devers struck out looking . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Pivetta pitching for Red Sox . Jansen lined out to center . Davis struck out swinging . Semien singled to right . Bichette doubled to deep right , Semien scored . Guerrero Jr. flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Matz pitching for Blue Jays . Vázquez singled to right . Renfroe lined out to left . Dalbec grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vázquez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Pivetta pitching for Red Sox . Hernández flied out to right . Grichuk grounded out to shortstop . Biggio struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Matz pitching for Blue Jays . Chavis grounded out to third . Hernández singled to left . Verdugo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hernández out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Pivetta pitching for Red Sox . Espinal grounded out to third . Jansen struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Matz pitching for Blue Jays . Martinez struck out swinging . Bogaerts grounded out to third . Devers singled to shallow left . Vázquez walked , Devers to second . Renfroe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Pivetta pitching for Red Sox . Semien walked . Bichette struck out swinging . Guerrero Jr. singled to right , Semien to third . Semien scored on error , Hernández safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Devers , Guerrero Jr. to second . Grichuk grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hernández out at second , Guerrero Jr. to third . Biggio singled to left center , Guerrero Jr. scored , Grichuk to third . Espinal struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 6th . Matz pitching for Blue Jays . Dalbec struck out swinging . Chavis flied out to left . Hernández flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Sawamura pitching for Red Sox . Jansen doubled to deep right center , Jansen safe at third on fielding error by right fielder Renfroe . Davis singled to left , Jansen scored . Semien lined out to second . Bichette walked , Davis to second . Guerrero Jr. struck out swinging . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bichette safe at second on error by second baseman Chavis , Davis to third . Grichuk singled to right , Davis scored , Hernández to second , Bichette to third . Hernandez pitching for Red Sox . Biggio grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Chatwood pitching for Blue Jays . Verdugo struck out looking . Martinez struck out looking . Bogaerts lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Red Sox . Espinal flied out to right . Jansen struck out swinging . Davis walked . Valdéz pitching for Red Sox . Semien grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Romano pitching for Blue Jays . Devers struck out swinging . Vázquez grounded out to shortstop . Renfroe lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Valdez pitching for Red Sox . Bichette singled to right . Guerrero Jr. grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bichette out at second . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Dolís pitching for Blue Jays . Dalbec reached on infield single to first . Chavis singled to right center , Dalbec to second . Hernández struck out looking . Chavis to second on wild pitch by Dolís , Dalbec to third on wild pitch by Dolís . Verdugo grounded out to first , Dalbec scored , Chavis to third . Martinez homered to right center ( 402 feet ) , Chavis scored . Bogaerts singled to left . Bogaerts stole second . Devers intentionally walked . Devers stole second , Bogaerts stole third . Vázquez grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Gonzalez at second base . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Grichuk struck out swinging . Biggio struck out swinging . Tellez hit for Espinal . Tellez walked . Jansen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 8 - Blue Jays 7 .	Martinez 's 2 - run homer in 9th lifts Red Sox over Jays 8 - 7