Yankees - Top 1st . Zeuch pitching for Blue Jays . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Judge reached on infield single to third . Torres struck out swinging . Stanton walked , Judge to second . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . King pitching for Yankees . Semien walked . Bichette reached on infield single to first , Semien to second . Bichette to second on wild pitch by King , Semien to third on wild pitch by King . Guerrero Jr. grounded into triple play , pitcher to first to shortstop to catcher to third to shortstop , Bichette out at third , Semien out at third in rundown . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Zeuch pitching for Blue Jays . Urshela doubled to third . Gardner reached on infield single to first , Urshela to third . Andújar grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Urshela scored on error , Gardner safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Zeuch , Gardner safe at third on error . Wade grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Andújar to second , Gardner out at home in rundown . LeMahieu walked , Wade to second , Andújar to third . Judge struck out swinging . Torres grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . King pitching for Yankees . Grichuk struck out swinging . Biggio singled to center . Gurriel Jr. grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Biggio out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Zeuch pitching for Blue Jays . Stanton singled to right . Sánchez popped out to shortstop . Urshela homered to left ( 424 feet ) , Stanton scored . Gardner grounded out to first . Andújar flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . King pitching for Yankees . Tellez grounded out to shortstop . Espinal walked . McGuire doubled to right , Espinal scored . Semien singled to left , McGuire to third . Bichette grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McGuire scored , Semien out at second . Guerrero Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bichette out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Payamps pitching for Blue Jays . Wade lined out to center . LeMahieu safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Semien . Judge walked , LeMahieu to second . Odor hit for Torres . Odor popped out to shortstop . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Odor at second base . Wade at shortstop . King pitching for Yankees . Grichuk grounded out to third . Biggio grounded out to shortstop . Gurriel Jr. grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Payamps pitching for Blue Jays . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . Urshela struck out swinging . Saucedo pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . King pitching for Yankees . Tellez grounded out to first . Espinal reached on infield single to third . Luetge pitching for Yankees . McGuire doubled to deep left , Espinal to third . Semien grounded out to shortstop , Espinal scored . Bichette struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Saucedo pitching for Blue Jays . Andújar struck out looking . Wade grounded out to pitcher . Castro pitching for Blue Jays . LeMahieu singled to right . Judge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Luetge pitching for Yankees . Guerrero Jr. reached on infield single to third . Green pitching for Yankees . Guerrero Jr. to second on passed ball by Sánchez . Grichuk singled to shallow center , Guerrero Jr. scored . Biggio flied out to right . Gurriel Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grichuk out at second . Tellez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Castro pitching for Blue Jays . Odor singled to right . Stanton homered to right ( 352 feet ) , Odor scored . Sánchez singled to center . Urshela singled to shallow left , Sánchez to second . Mayza pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner sacrificed to catcher , Urshela to second , Sánchez to third . Andújar grounded out to pitcher . Gittens hit for Wade . Gittens singled to right , Sánchez scored and Urshela scored . Chatwood pitching for Blue Jays . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . LeMahieu at third base . Urshela at shortstop . Gittens at first base . Green pitching for Yankees . Espinal struck out swinging . McGuire singled to right center . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . Semien grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McGuire out at second . Bichette struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Chatwood pitching for Blue Jays . Judge grounded out to shortstop . Odor lined out to center . Stanton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . Guerrero Jr. fouled out to first . Grichuk reached on infield single to third . Biggio struck out looking . Gurriel Jr. struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Beasley pitching for Blue Jays . Sánchez walked . Urshela struck out swinging . Gardner walked , Sánchez to second . Gardner to second on wild pitch by Beasley , Sánchez to third on wild pitch by Beasley . Andújar walked . Gittens hit sacrifice fly to right , Sánchez scored , Gardner to third . LeMahieu struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Britton pitching for Yankees . Tellez hit by pitch . Espinal grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tellez out at second . Adams hit for McGuire . Adams grounded into double play , third to second to first , Espinal out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Blue Jays 4 .	Stanton HR , triple play key Yankees ' 8 - 4 win over Blue Jays