Mariners - Top 1st . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Suzuki struck out swinging . Winn struck out swinging . Martinez homered to center . Olerud walked . Boone fouled out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Mariners . Glanville flied out to center . Blalock flied out to deep right center . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Rodriguez stole second . Palmeiro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Cameron lined out to second . Cirillo walked . Guillen singled to right , Cirillo to second . Wilson singled to left , Cirillo scored , Guillen to third . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Guillen out at home , Wilson to second , Wilson to third , Suzuki to second advancing on play . Winn flied out to deep right center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez walked . Everett walked , Gonzalez to second . Lamb lined into double play , to shortstop , Gonzalez doubled off second . Kreuter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Everett out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Martinez hit by pitch . Olerud reached on infield single to second , Martinez to second . Boone walked , Martinez to third , Olerud to second . Cameron hit by pitch , Martinez scored , Olerud to third , Boone to second . Cirillo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Olerud out at home , Boone to third , Cameron to second . Guillen hit sacrifice fly to left , Boone scored . Wilson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Mariners . Clark grounded out to second . Glanville struck out swinging . Blalock grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to right . Nitkowski pitching for Rangers . Winn flied out to left . Suzuki stole second . Martinez flied out to left . Olerud walked . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Olerud out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez struck out looking . Palmeiro walked . Gonzalez singled to left , Palmeiro to second . Everett singled to right , Palmeiro to third , Gonzalez to second . Lamb hit sacrifice fly to deep center , Palmeiro scored , Gonzalez to third . Kreuter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Nitkowski pitching for Rangers . Cameron grounded out to pitcher . Cirillo grounded out to shortstop . Guillen grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for Mariners . Clark grounded out to pitcher . Glanville grounded out to second . Blalock homered to right . Rodriguez lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Nitkowski pitching for Rangers . Wilson walked . Suzuki singled to left center , Wilson to third . Winn singled to left , Wilson scored , Suzuki to second . Martinez reached on infield single to first , Suzuki to third , Winn to second . Mabry ran for Martinez . Olerud struck out looking . Powell pitching for Rangers . Boone grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mabry out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for Mariners . Palmeiro walked . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Palmeiro out at second . Everett grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Powell pitching for Rangers . Cameron singled to center . Cameron stole second . Cirillo bunt popped out to pitcher . Guillen doubled to deep left , Cameron scored . Wilson struck out swinging . Suzuki intentionally walked . Winn reached on infield single to shortstop , Guillen to third , Suzuki to second . Mabry doubled to deep right , Guillen , Winn and Suzuki scored . Fultz pitching for Rangers . Olerud singled to right , Mabry scored . Boone struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Garcia pitching for Mariners . Lamb lined out to right . Kreuter walked . Clark walked , Kreuter to second . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Glanville fouled out to right . Yan pitching for Rangers . Blalock flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Yan pitching for Rangers . Cameron grounded out to shortstop . Cirillo flied out to right . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez struck out looking . Palmeiro flied out to deep right . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Yan pitching for Rangers . Wilson struck out swinging . Suzuki safe at first on error by pitcher Yan . Winn walked , Suzuki to second . Mabry flied out to right , Suzuki to third . Olerud singled to right , Suzuki scored , Winn to third . Boone fouled out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Teixeira hit for Everett . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Teixeira grounded out to second . Greene hit for Kreuter . Lamb singled to right center . Greene struck out swinging . Clark grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 11 - Rangers 2 .	Park struggles again as Rangers are routed by M 's