Mariners - Top 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Suzuki struck out looking . Winn struck out swinging . Boone struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Soriano walked . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Soriano out at second . Ja Giambi grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Martinez flied out to left . Olerud grounded out to first . Cameron struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Williams reached on infield single to pitcher . Matsui grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to first , Williams out at second . Posada flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . McLemore struck out looking . Cirillo grounded out to shortstop . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Ventura struck out swinging . Mondesi singled to left center . Wilson flied out to center . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mondesi out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Suzuki singled to right . Winn bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Suzuki out at second . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Winn out at second . Martinez flied out to shallow center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Johnson flied out to shallow left . Ja Giambi singled to center . Williams struck out looking . Matsui grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Olerud grounded out to second . Cameron struck out looking . McLemore singled to center . Cirillo singled to left , McLemore to second . Wilson singled to center , McLemore scored , Cirillo to third . Suzuki grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Posada homered to left center . Ventura grounded out to first . Mondesi flied out to center . Wilson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Winn singled to left . Winn caught stealing second , catcher to second . Boone struck out swinging . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Soriano homered to left . Johnson walked . Ja Giambi grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . Williams grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Olerud grounded out to first . Cameron grounded out to shortstop . McLemore fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Matsui reached on infield single to second . Posada singled to center , Matsui to second . Ventura fouled out to left . Mondesi grounded into double play , third to second to first , Posada out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Cirillo lined out to second . Wilson flied out to center . Suzuki singled to center . Suzuki caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Winn batting . Nelson pitching for Mariners . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Wilson reached on infield single to second . Soriano singled to left , Wilson to second . Johnson sacrificed to pitcher , Wilson to third , Soriano to second . Rhodes pitching for Mariners . Ja Giambi struck out looking . Williams intentionally walked . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Winn struck out swinging . Boone grounded out to shortstop . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 1 - Yankees 2 .	Moose is loose : Mussina improves to 6 - 0 on the year