Orioles - Top 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Roberts grounded out to second . Matos fouled out to right . Mora grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Suzuki homered to right . Winn grounded out to second . Boone flied out to right . Martinez walked . Olerud grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Conine doubled to deep left . Gibbons walked . Batista fouled out to first . Surhoff lined out to left . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gibbons out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Cameron singled to left . McLemore singled to right , Cameron to second . Cirillo sacrificed to first , Cameron to third , McLemore to second . Wilson doubled to right , Cameron and McLemore scored . Suzuki popped out to shallow right . Winn walked . Boone reached on infield single to shortstop , Wilson to third , Winn to second . Martinez struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Fordyce singled to left . Roberts walked , Fordyce to second . Matos grounded out to third , Fordyce to third , Roberts to second . Mora grounded out to shortstop , Fordyce scored , Roberts to third . Conine walked . Gibbons grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Olerud singled to deep right center . Cameron struck out looking . McLemore singled to right center , Olerud to second . Cirillo flied out to deep center . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McLemore out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Batista flied out to shallow center . Surhoff flied out to right center . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Suzuki grounded out to first . Winn grounded out to third . Boone walked . Boone caught stealing second , catcher to second . Martinez batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Fordyce popped out to shallow right . Roberts grounded out to second . Matos singled to left . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matos out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Martinez singled to center . Olerud walked , Martinez to second . Cameron grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Olerud out at second , Martinez to third . McLemore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Conine singled to center . Gibbons grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Conine out at second . Batista walked . Surhoff singled to left center , Batista to third . Cruz flied out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Cirillo grounded out to third . Wilson flied out to deep right . Suzuki singled to left . Suzuki stole second . Winn reached on infield single to first , Suzuki to third . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Boone tripled to right center , Suzuki and Winn scored . Martinez singled to left , Boone scored . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Olerud struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Fordyce popped out to shallow center . Roberts flied out to left . Matos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Cameron struck out swinging . McLemore singled to left center . Cirillo struck out looking . Wilson singled to shallow left center , McLemore to third . Suzuki lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Mora walked . Conine singled to right , Mora to second . Rhodes pitching for Mariners . Gibbons singled to left , Mora scored , Conine to second . Batista popped out to third . Surhoff singled to shallow left , Conine to third , Gibbons to second . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Cruz reached on infield single to second , Conine and Gibbons scored , Surhoff to second . Segui hit for Roberts . Fordyce flied out to right . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Segui singled to left center , Surhoff scored , Cruz to second . Morban ran for Segui . Morban at second base . Carrasco pitching for Orioles . Matos flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Carrasco pitching for Orioles . Winn reached on bunt single to third . Boone grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Winn out at second . Martinez singled to center . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Olerud walked , Martinez to second . Bloomquist ran for Martinez . Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles . Cameron popped out to shallow center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Mora struck out swinging . Conine fouled out to catcher . Gibbons reached on infield single to second . Batista flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 5 - Mariners 6 .	Seattle 6 , Baltimore 5