Mariners - Top 1st . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Suzuki flied out to center . Winn struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Crawford grounded out to first . Lugo singled to left . Huff safe at first on error by shortstop Sanchez , Lugo advanced to second on play , Lugo to third , Huff to second on throwing error by shortstop Sanchez . Baldelli struck out swinging . Lee flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Boone fouled out to catcher . Guillen walked . Olerud singled to left , Guillen to second . Cameron flied out to right , Guillen to third . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Hall safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Guillen . Anderson singled to shallow right center , Hall to second . Rolls doubled to right , Anderson scored . LaForest grounded out to third . Crawford safe at first on error by pitcher Pineiro , Rolls to third . Lugo struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Sanchez struck out looking . Suzuki struck out swinging . Winn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Huff struck out looking . Baldelli reached on infield single to shortstop . Lee lined out to left . Hall fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Martinez flied out to center . Boone walked . Guillen struck out looking . Olerud flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Anderson grounded out to second . Rolls singled to right . LaForest singled to right , Rolls to third . Crawford grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , LaForest out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Cameron fouled out to first . Davis struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to center . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Lugo walked . Huff singled to left , Lugo to second . Baldelli doubled to deep right center , Lugo scored , Huff to third . Lee intentionally walked . Hall grounded into double play , to first , Huff scored , Lee out at second , Baldelli to third . Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop , Baldelli scored . Anderson stole second . Rolls flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Winn singled to left . Martinez walked , Winn to second . Boone doubled to deep left , Winn scored , Martinez to third . Guillen grounded out to second , Martinez scored , Boone to third . Olerud grounded out to first . Cameron struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . LaForest flied out to center . Crawford homered to right . Lugo flied out to center . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Huff struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Davis homered to right . Sanchez singled to center . Suzuki lined into double play , shortstop to first , Sanchez doubled off first . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Winn singled to right . Martinez walked , Winn to second . Malaska pitching for Devil Rays . Strong ran for Martinez . Boone walked , Winn to third , Martinez to second . Guillen singled to right , Winn and Strong scored , Boone to third , Guillen to second on throwing error by right fielder Huff . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Olerud struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Baldelli grounded out to pitcher . Lee walked . Hall singled to right , Lee to second . Anderson flied out to center . Backe pitching for Devil Rays . Rolls struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Backe pitching for Devil Rays . Cameron walked . Davis struck out swinging . Cameron caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Sanchez walked . Suzuki tripled to right , Sanchez scored . Mabry hit for Strong . Winn walked . Mabry singled to right , Suzuki scored , Winn to third . Boone flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . LaForest struck out swinging . Crawford popped out to third . Rhodes pitching for Mariners . Lugo walked . Huff homered to right center , Lugo scored . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Baldelli struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Guillen singled to right center . Olerud grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guillen out at second . Cameron doubled to left center . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Benitez pitching for Mariners . Shumpert hit for Hall . Lee singled to center . Perez ran for Lee . Shumpert walked , Perez to second . Anderson struck out swinging . Rolls fouled out to third . Huff at first base . Valentin catching . Shumpert in right field . LaForest popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 10th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Winn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 10th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Crawford singled to center . Lugo sacrificed to pitcher , Crawford to second . Huff intentionally walked . Baldelli flied out to center , Crawford to third . Huff to second on fielder 's indifference . Valentin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 11th . Meyers ran for Mabry . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Mabry reached on infield single to third . Boone doubled to left , Meyers to third . Guillen doubled to deep left , Meyers and Boone scored . Olerud flied out to center , Guillen to third . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Cameron walked . Davis hit sacrifice fly to right , Guillen scored . Sanchez singled to right , Cameron to third . Martin hit for Shumpert . Suzuki flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 11th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Anderson flied out to left . Rolls doubled to deep left . LaForest singled to right center , Rolls scored . Crawford flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 10 - Devil Rays 8 .	Mariners maintain wild - card lead