Blue Jays - Top 1st . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Menechino flied out to right . Johnson flied out to center . Wells struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano walked . Blalock popped out to shortstop . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Soriano out at second . Teixeira hit by pitch , Young to second . Hidalgo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Koskie grounded out to pitcher . Hillenbrand homered to center . Rios struck out looking . Zaun doubled to left . Hudson grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Allen grounded out to shortstop . Mench walked . Matthews Jr popped out to first . Barajas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Rogers pitching for Rangers . McDonald reached on infield single to second . Menechino flied out to right . Johnson hit by pitch , McDonald to second . Wells flied out to right . Koskie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano singled to center . Blalock flied out to left , Soriano to second . Young flied out to center , Soriano to third . Teixeira grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Hillenbrand singled to center . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hillenbrand out at second . Zaun grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rios out at second . Hudson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Hidalgo flied out to right . Allen flied out to left . Mench flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . McDonald singled to right . Menechino flied out to right . Johnson singled to left center , McDonald to second . Wells flied out to left . Koskie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Matthews Jr safe at first on error by shortstop McDonald . Barajas flied out to center . Matthews Jr caught stealing second , catcher to second . Soriano popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Hillenbrand singled to left . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hillenbrand safe at second on error by second baseman Soriano . Zaun singled to right , Hillenbrand to third , Rios to second . Hudson singled to right , Hillenbrand and Rios scored , Zaun to third . McDonald sacrificed to pitcher , Hudson to second . Menechino walked . Bukvich pitching for Rangers . Johnson hit by pitch , Zaun scored , Hudson to third , Menechino to second . Wells grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Blalock singled to left . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blalock out at second . Teixeira grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Bukvich pitching for Rangers . Koskie struck out swinging . Hillenbrand lined out to first . Rios struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Hidalgo grounded out to shortstop . Allen grounded out to pitcher . Mench grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Bukvich pitching for Rangers . Zaun walked . Hudson singled to center , Zaun to second . Hinske hit for Menechino . McDonald sacrificed to pitcher , Zaun to third , Hudson to second . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Hinske walked . Johnson hit by pitch , Zaun scored , Hudson to third , Hinske to second . Wells struck out looking . Koskie singled to center , Hudson and Hinske scored , Johnson to third . Hinske at first base . Hillenbrand at third base . Hillenbrand fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Matthews Jr flied out to center . Barajas struck out swinging . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Rios singled to center . Zaun walked , Rios to second . Hudson flied out to right , Rios to third . Shouse pitching for Rangers . McDonald hit sacrifice fly to center , Rios scored . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Hinske struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Blalock singled to left . Young singled to left , Blalock to second . Teixeira popped out to catcher . Hidalgo struck out swinging . Allen walked , Blalock to third , Young to second . Mench grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Allen out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 8 - Rangers 0 .	Jays rookie Chacin reels in Rangers