Blue Jays - Top 1st . Young pitching for Rangers . Catalanotto struck out looking . Hudson grounded out to first . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano singled to left . Blalock homered to right , Soriano scored . Young singled to center . Teixeira popped out to third . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Mench reached on infield single to second , Young to second . Dellucci tripled to deep left , Young and Mench scored . Alomar Jr grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Young pitching for Rangers . Koskie grounded out to pitcher . Rios grounded out to shortstop . Hinske struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Matthews Jr singled to left . Soriano flied out to left . Blalock flied out to left . Young homered to right center , Matthews Jr scored . Teixeira singled to right . Gonzalez flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Young pitching for Rangers . Johnson hit by pitch . Myers popped out to second . Adams struck out swinging . Catalanotto safe at first on error by first baseman Gonzalez , Johnson to third . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Hudson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Mench lined out to center . Dellucci grounded out to second . Alomar Jr singled to left center . Matthews Jr flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Young pitching for Rangers . Hillenbrand tripled to deep center . Koskie fouled out to third . Rios hit sacrifice fly to right , Hillenbrand scored . Hinske popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . Blalock reached on infield single to third . Young flied out to center . Teixeira grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Young pitching for Rangers . Johnson struck out swinging . Myers lined out to center . Adams fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez struck out looking . Mench singled to right . Mench caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Dellucci walked . Alomar Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dellucci out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Young pitching for Rangers . Catalanotto singled to right . Hudson singled to right , Catalanotto to third . Hillenbrand singled to shallow center , Catalanotto scored , Hudson to second . Koskie struck out swinging . Rios singled to center , Hudson to third , Hillenbrand to second . Hinske popped out to shortstop . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Menechino hit for Myers . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop , Hudson scored , Hillenbrand to third , Rios to second . McDonald hit for Adams . Menechino walked , Hillenbrand scored , Rios to third , Johnson to second . Zaun catching . McDonald at shortstop . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . McDonald struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Matthews Jr singled to right . Soriano flied out to left . Matthews Jr to second on wild pitch by Chulk . Blalock grounded out to second , Matthews Jr to third . Young flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Catalanotto flied out to left . Hudson grounded out to pitcher . Hillenbrand singled to center . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Koskie doubled to deep left center , Hillenbrand scored . Rios reached on infield single to third , Koskie to third . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Hinske grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Teixeira popped out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . Mench grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Johnson grounded out to third . Zaun doubled to deep left . McDonald lined into double play , to second , Zaun doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Dellucci struck out swinging . Alomar Jr flied out to right . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Matthews Jr struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Catalanotto flied out to center . Hudson grounded out to third . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 5 - Rangers 6 .	Rangers build 6 - 0 lead , hold on to beat Jays