Rangers - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Devil Rays . Soriano flied out to center . Blalock grounded out to second . Young singled to center . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Drese pitching for Rangers . Crawford singled to center . Lugo doubled to right , Crawford to third . Huff hit sacrifice fly to center , Crawford scored , Lugo to third . Lee walked . Cantu grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lee out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Devil Rays . Dellucci struck out swinging . Hidalgo grounded out to third . Mench flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Drese pitching for Rangers . Sanchez singled to center . Phelps flied out to center . Johnson grounded out to second , Sanchez to second . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Devil Rays . Nix grounded out to shortstop . Barajas fouled out to first . Soriano walked . Blalock doubled to deep right center , Soriano scored , Blalock to third on error by second baseman Cantu . Young grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Drese pitching for Rangers . Crawford grounded out to second . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Huff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Devil Rays . Teixeira singled to right center . Dellucci walked , Teixeira to second . Hidalgo popped out to first . Mench walked , Teixeira to third , Dellucci to second . Nix singled to left , Teixeira scored , Dellucci to third , Mench to second . Barajas homered to left , Dellucci , Mench and Nix scored . Soriano doubled to left center . Blalock flied out to right , Soriano to third . Young flied out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Drese pitching for Rangers . Lee walked . Cantu singled to right , Lee to second . Sanchez sacrificed to pitcher , Lee to third , Cantu to second . Phelps hit by pitch . Johnson walked , Lee scored , Cantu to third , Phelps to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Devil Rays . Teixeira hit by pitch . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Dellucci walked , Teixeira to second . Hidalgo walked , Teixeira to third , Dellucci to second . Mench tripled to deep left center , Teixeira , Dellucci and Hidalgo scored . Nix singled to left , Mench scored . Barajas flied into double play , left to first , Nix doubled off first . Soriano flied out to right . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Drese pitching for Rangers . Crawford flied out to left . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Huff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Blalock safe at first on error by catcher Johnson . Young flied out to right . Teixeira struck out swinging . Dellucci struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Drese pitching for Rangers . Lee walked . Cantu flied out to center . Sanchez singled to right , Lee to third . Phelps singled to right , Lee scored , Sanchez to third . Johnson doubled to deep left , Sanchez scored , Phelps to third . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez singled to right , Phelps scored , Johnson to third . Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop , Johnson scored , Gonzalez to second . Lugo singled to right center , Gonzalez scored , Crawford to second . Crawford caught stealing third , catcher to third , Lugo to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Huff struck out looking . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Hidalgo singled to left . Mench singled to center , Hidalgo to second . Nix singled to right , Hidalgo scored , Mench to third . Barajas popped out to second . Soriano hit sacrifice fly to center , Mench scored . Blalock grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Lee singled to right center . Cantu popped out to second . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Sanchez bunt popped out to pitcher . Phelps singled to right , Lee to second . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Phelps out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Young grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira struck out swinging . Dellucci struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez walked . Gonzalez to second on passed ball by Barajas . Crawford doubled to deep left , Gonzalez scored . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Lugo singled to right , Crawford to third . Huff hit sacrifice fly to right , Crawford scored . Lee grounded out to first , Lugo to second . Perez hit for Sanchez . Regilio pitching for Rangers . Singleton hit for Perez . Cantu singled to right center , Lugo scored . Singleton in center field . Singleton struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Hidalgo flied out to center . Mench walked . Waechter pitching for Devil Rays . Nix struck out swinging . Barajas grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Phelps grounded out to second . Johnson walked . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 12 - Devil Rays 10 .	Rangers nearly blow 8 - run lead but top D - Rays