Red Sox - Top 1st . Drese pitching for Rangers . Damon grounded out to second . Nixon struck out swinging . Ramirez walked . Ortiz singled to right center , Ramirez to second . Ramirez to third , Ortiz to second on wild pitch by Drese . Millar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Dellucci walked . Young singled to center , Dellucci to third , Young to second advancing on throw . Teixeira grounded out to second , Dellucci scored , Young to third . Blalock safe at first on error by second baseman Mueller , Young scored . Soriano flied out to left . Nix struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Drese pitching for Rangers . Varitek doubled to deep right center . Renteria grounded out to third . Mueller singled to center , Varitek to third . Youkilis walked , Mueller to second . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Varitek scored , Youkilis out at second , Mueller to third . Nixon lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Mench hit by pitch . Matthews Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mench out at second . Alomar Jr fouled out to right . Matthews Jr to second on wild pitch by Clement . Dellucci walked . Young walked , Matthews Jr to third , Dellucci to second . Teixeira flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Drese pitching for Rangers . Ramirez singled to center . Ortiz doubled to deep left , Ramirez to third . Millar grounded out to shortstop , Ramirez scored . Varitek struck out swinging . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Blalock struck out swinging . Soriano flied out to center . Nix grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Drese pitching for Rangers . Mueller lined out to second . Youkilis flied out to right . Damon singled to center . Nixon reached on infield single to second , Damon to second . Ramirez walked , Damon to third , Nixon to second . Ortiz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Mench singled to center . Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop , Mench to second . Alomar Jr singled to left , Mench to third . Dellucci hit sacrifice fly to left , Mench scored . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Alomar Jr out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Drese pitching for Rangers . Millar singled to left . Regilio pitching for Rangers . Varitek walked , Millar to second . Renteria singled to left , Millar to third , Varitek to second . Mueller hit sacrifice fly to left , Millar scored , Varitek to third . Youkilis singled to center , Varitek scored , Renteria to second . Damon flied out to center , Renteria to third . Nixon doubled to deep right center , Renteria and Youkilis scored . Ramirez flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Teixeira grounded out to first . Blalock lined out to right . Soriano doubled to deep right center . Nix lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Regilio pitching for Rangers . Ortiz popped out to shortstop . Millar grounded out to third . Allen hit for Mench . Varitek grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Allen struck out swinging . Matthews Jr struck out swinging , Matthews Jr safe at first on wild pitch by Clement . Alomar Jr safe at first on error by shortstop Renteria , Matthews Jr to second . Dellucci walked , Matthews Jr to third , Alomar Jr to second . Allen in left field . Young grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dellucci out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 7th . Regilio pitching for Rangers . Renteria flied out to center . Mueller flied out to center . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Youkilis walked . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Damon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Teixeira popped out to second . Blalock fouled out to third . Soriano fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Nixon struck out looking . Ramirez grounded out to third . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Ortiz singled to left . McCarty at first base . Millar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Nix lined out to first . Allen grounded out to second . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Varitek fouled out to third . Renteria grounded out to pitcher . Mueller singled to right . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Youkilis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Alomar Jr grounded out to shortstop . Dellucci singled to left . Young flied out to right . Dellucci to second on fielder 's indifference . Teixeira homered to right , Dellucci scored . Blalock struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 6 - Rangers 5 .	Every starter gets a hit as Boston Trots to win