Indians - Top 1st . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Belliard flied out to center . Crisp flied out to center . Martinez singled to center . Hafner walked , Martinez to second . Hernandez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Dellucci tripled to deep center . Young homered to center , Dellucci scored . Teixeira struck out swinging . Blalock struck out swinging . Soriano walked . Nix grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Blake walked . Boone flied out to right . Ludwick grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blake out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Hidalgo grounded out to shortstop . Matthews Jr singled to left . Alomar Jr grounded out to second , Matthews Jr to second . Dellucci struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Peralta struck out swinging . Belliard grounded out to first . Crisp walked . Martinez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Young struck out looking . Teixeira walked . Blalock singled to center , Teixeira to third , Blalock to second on throwing error by center fielder Crisp . Soriano batting . Nix grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Soriano out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Hafner grounded out to second . Hernandez reached on infield single to pitcher . Blake flied out to center . Boone popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Hidalgo homered to center . Matthews Jr doubled to deep right center . Alomar Jr grounded out to second , Matthews Jr to third . Davis pitching for Indians . Dellucci singled to center , Matthews Jr scored . Young flied out to center . Dellucci stole second . Teixeira singled to left , Dellucci scored . Blalock struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Ludwick struck out looking . Peralta struck out swinging . Belliard singled to left . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Belliard out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Indians . Soriano walked . Soriano stole second , Soriano safe at third on throwing error by catcher Martinez . Nix grounded out to third . Hidalgo struck out swinging . Matthews Jr singled to left , Soriano scored . Alomar Jr singled to right , Matthews Jr to second . Dellucci grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Martinez singled to center . Hafner flied out to center . Hernandez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Davis pitching for Indians . Young flied out to right . Teixeira grounded out to second . Blalock flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Blake walked . Boone grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blake out at second . Ludwick singled to center . Peralta singled to left , Ludwick to second . Belliard grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Davis pitching for Indians . Soriano singled to right . Nix flied out to left . Hidalgo flied out to left . Matthews Jr singled to center , Soriano to second . Alomar Jr walked , Soriano to third , Matthews Jr to second . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Dellucci grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Crisp reached on infield single to shortstop . Martinez doubled to deep right , Crisp scored . Hafner hit by pitch . Hernandez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hafner out at second , Martinez to third . Howry pitching for Indians . Blake grounded out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Howry pitching for Indians . Young popped out to second . Teixeira flied out to right . Regilio pitching for Rangers . Blalock flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Sizemore hit for Ludwick . Regilio pitching for Rangers . Boone singled to center . Cora hit for Peralta . Sizemore singled to right center , Boone to second . Cora flied out to left . Belliard walked , Boone to third , Sizemore to second . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Boone scored , Belliard out at second , Sizemore to third . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Martinez hit by pitch . Hafner struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 2 - Rangers 7 .	Rogers roasters : Ranger 's shutout streak up to 21 innings