Braves - Top 1st . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Orr singled to center . Giles walked , Orr to second . Johnson singled to right , Orr to third , Giles to second . LaRoche grounded out to pitcher , Orr scored , Giles to third , Johnson to second . Jones walked . Langerhans struck out swinging . Marte struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Davies pitching for Braves . Matthews Jr singled to center . Young walked , Matthews Jr to second . Teixeira walked , Matthews Jr to third , Young to second . Blalock singled to left , Matthews Jr scored , Young to third , Teixeira to second . Soriano doubled to left , Young and Teixeira scored , Blalock to third . Mench doubled to right , Blalock and Soriano scored . Nix flied out to center , Mench to third . Hidalgo struck out looking . Alomar Jr grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . McCann struck out looking . Betemit grounded out to shortstop . Orr singled to left . Giles walked , Orr to second . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Davies pitching for Braves . Matthews Jr flied out to center . Young doubled to deep center . Teixeira walked . Blalock popped out to shortstop . Soriano walked , Young to third , Teixeira to second . Mench fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . LaRoche singled to right . Jones grounded into double play , third to second to first , LaRoche out at second . Langerhans hit by pitch . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Langerhans out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Davies pitching for Braves . Nix struck out looking . Hidalgo doubled to left . Alomar Jr singled to left , Hidalgo to third . Vasquez pitching for Braves . Matthews Jr singled to right , Hidalgo scored , Alomar Jr to second . Young struck out swinging . Teixeira struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . McCann singled to right . Betemit flied out to center . Orr singled to center , McCann to second . Giles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Orr out at second , McCann to third . Johnson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Vasquez pitching for Braves . Blalock struck out swinging . Soriano homered to center . Mench singled to center . Mench stole second . Nix popped out to shortstop . Hidalgo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . LaRoche grounded out to first . Jones singled to right . Langerhans singled to center , Jones to second . Kolb pitching for Braves . Marte grounded into double play , third to second to first , Langerhans out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Kolb pitching for Braves . Alomar Jr singled to left . Matthews Jr grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Alomar Jr out at second . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . McCann popped out to shortstop . Betemit doubled to right . Orr struck out swinging . Giles walked . Johnson safe at first on error by first baseman Teixeira , Betemit to third , Giles to second . LaRoche doubled to left , Giles and Johnson scored . Foster pitching for Braves . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Foster pitching for Braves . Teixeira flied out to right . Blalock flied out to right . Soriano flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Langerhans walked . Marte hit ground rule double to deep right , Langerhans to third . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . McCann struck out swinging . Betemit hit sacrifice fly to center , Langerhans scored . Boyer pitching for Braves . Orr grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Boyer pitching for Braves . Mench reached on infield single to shortstop . Nix flied out to center . Hidalgo struck out looking . Alomar Jr grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Giles struck out looking . Johnson fouled out to third . Gryboski pitching for Braves . LaRoche flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Gryboski pitching for Braves . Matthews Jr flied out to center . Young singled to center . Teixeira struck out looking . Blalock safe at second on error by second baseman Giles , Young scored . Soriano doubled to right , Blalock scored . Soriano to third on wild pitch by Gryboski . Mench popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 9th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Jones singled to center . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Langerhans singled to center , Jones to second . Marte popped out to shortstop . McCann flied out to center . Betemit walked , Jones to third , Langerhans to second . Orr flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 5 - Rangers 9 .	Park and ride : Rangers right - hander rides offense to win