Blue Jays - Top 1st . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Johnson flied out to right . Rios doubled to deep center . Wells singled to center , Rios scored . Hillenbrand homered to left , Wells scored . Hill grounded out to pitcher . Menechino grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Matthews Jr grounded out to third . Young grounded out to second . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Catalanotto doubled to left . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . Huckaby lined out to right . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Blalock flied out to left . Soriano grounded out to second . Mench grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Rios grounded out to shortstop . Wells singled to center . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Hidalgo grounded out to third . Barajas lined out to center . Derosa singled to center . Matthews Jr homered to left , Derosa scored . Young doubled to deep right . Teixeira singled to center , Young scored , Teixeira to second advancing on throw . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Blalock walked . Soriano homered to left , Teixeira and Blalock scored . Mench homered to center . Hidalgo reached on infield single to third . Barajas fouled out to first . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Hill grounded out to pitcher . Menechino singled to center . Catalanotto grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Menechino out at second . McDonald singled to right , Catalanotto to second . Huckaby grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Derosa singled to center . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Young flied out to right . Teixeira homered to right center , Derosa scored . Blalock struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Rios struck out swinging . Wells flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano flied out to center . Mench flied out to left . Hidalgo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . Hill struck out looking . Menechino singled to right . League pitching for Blue Jays . Catalanotto struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . League pitching for Blue Jays . Barajas doubled to right . Derosa walked . Matthews Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Derosa out at second , Barajas to third . Young struck out swinging . Teixeira homered to center , Barajas and Matthews Jr scored . Blalock doubled to left . Soriano grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . Huckaby grounded out to shortstop . Hinske at first base . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . League pitching for Blue Jays . Mench singled to left . Hidalgo singled to center , Mench to second . Barajas grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hidalgo out at second , Mench to third . Loe pitching for Rangers . Derosa flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Rios flied out to right . Wells flied out to right . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Hinske lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . Young grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira reached on infield single to first . Dominguez pitching for Rangers . McDougall at second base . Derosa at shortstop . Blalock grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Dominguez pitching for Rangers . Hill reached on infield single to pitcher . Menechino hit by pitch , Hill to second . Catalanotto homered to right , Hill and Menechino scored . McDonald singled to center . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Huckaby singled to right , McDonald to second . Johnson singled to right , McDonald to third , Huckaby to second . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Rios singled to deep center , McDonald scored , Huckaby to third , Johnson to second . Wells singled to center , Huckaby and Johnson scored , Rios to second , Rios to third on error by center fielder Matthews Jr. Hinske struck out swinging . Hill hit sacrifice fly to right , Rios scored . Wells to second on fielder 's indifference . Menechino struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 10 - Rangers 12 .	Rangers fans cheer Rogers ; left - hander wins