Athletics - Top 1st . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Kendall grounded out to pitcher . Kotsay flied out to center . Crosby tripled to deep center . Chavez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Dellucci flied out to right . Young struck out swinging . Teixeira singled to right . Blalock walked , Teixeira to second . Soriano tripled to right , Teixeira and Blalock scored . Mench grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Kielty grounded out to third . Payton singled to center . Swisher flied out to right . Ginter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Matthews Jr singled to right . Hidalgo walked , Matthews Jr to second . Alomar Jr sacrificed to third , Matthews Jr to third , Hidalgo to second . Dellucci walked . Young hit sacrifice fly to left , Matthews Jr scored . Teixeira fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Ellis flied out to center . Kendall grounded out to second . Kotsay popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Blalock struck out looking . Soriano doubled to deep center . Mench grounded out to third . Matthews Jr lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Crosby grounded out to pitcher . Chavez struck out swinging . Kielty struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Hidalgo singled to left . Alomar Jr singled to right , Hidalgo to second . Dellucci popped out to shortstop . Hidalgo to third , Alomar Jr to second on balk by Blanton . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hidalgo out at home , Alomar Jr to third , Young to second . Teixeira flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Payton singled to left . Swisher doubled to deep center , Payton scored . Ginter struck out swinging . Ellis singled to left , Swisher scored , Ellis to second advancing on throw . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ellis out at third , Kendall to second . Kotsay batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Blalock grounded out to second . Soriano singled to left . Mench flied out to center . Matthews Jr grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Crosby singled to left . Chavez struck out swinging . Payton grounded out to second , Crosby to third , Kielty to second . Swisher singled to right , Crosby and Kielty scored . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Ginter struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Hidalgo popped out to shortstop . Alomar Jr doubled to deep left . Dellucci struck out swinging . Young doubled to deep center , Alomar Jr scored . Teixeira walked . Loe pitching for Rangers . Blalock flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Ellis grounded out to third . Kendall grounded out to third . Kotsay lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . Mench walked . Matthews Jr walked , Mench to second . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Hidalgo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Matthews Jr out at second , Mench to third . Alomar Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hidalgo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Crosby walked . Chavez popped out to shortstop . Kielty walked , Crosby to second . Payton singled to shallow left , Crosby scored , Kielty to second . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Hatteberg hit for Ginter . Swisher walked , Kielty to third , Payton to second . Hatteberg popped out to second . Scutaro at third base . Ellis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Dellucci struck out swinging . Young lined out to right . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Teixeira struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop . Kotsay fouled out to third . Crosby walked , Kendall to second . Chavez struck out swinging . Kendall to third on wild pitch by Wasdin . Kielty singled to center , Kendall scored , Crosby to third . Payton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Street pitching for Athletics . Blalock popped out to shortstop . Soriano flied out to center . Mench grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Rangers 4 .	A 's sizzle past Rangers , tag loss on Rogers