Athletics - Top 1st . Young pitching for Rangers . Kendall singled to center . Kotsay struck out swinging . Crosby grounded out to shortstop , Kendall to second . Chavez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Athletics . Dellucci walked . Young safe at first on error by second baseman Ellis , Dellucci to third . Teixeira hit sacrifice fly to left , Dellucci scored . Blalock walked , Young to second . Soriano doubled to deep center , Young and Blalock scored . Mench lined into double play , second to shortstop , Soriano doubled off second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 2nd . Young pitching for Rangers . Hatteberg walked . Kielty struck out looking . Johnson struck out swinging . Swisher homered to right , Hatteberg scored . Ellis flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Hidalgo singled to left . Matthews Jr grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hidalgo out at second . Barajas grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Young pitching for Rangers . Kendall hit by pitch . Kotsay flied out to left . Crosby singled to right , Kendall to third . Chavez singled to left center , Kendall scored , Crosby to second . Hatteberg singled to left , Crosby to third , Chavez to second . Kielty singled to center , Crosby and Chavez scored , Hatteberg to second . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kielty out at second , Hatteberg to third . Swisher struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Dellucci struck out swinging . Young grounded out to third . Teixeira grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Young pitching for Rangers . Ellis flied out to center . Kendall flied out to right . Kotsay lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Blalock singled to center . Soriano grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blalock out at second . Mench grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Crosby singled to left . Chavez flied out to left . Hatteberg singled to left , Crosby to second . Kielty popped out to second . Johnson singled to right , Crosby scored , Hatteberg to third . Swisher doubled to deep right center , Hatteberg and Johnson scored , Swisher to third on error by second baseman Soriano . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Hidalgo grounded out to third . Matthews Jr flied out to center . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Barajas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Kendall flied out to center . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . Crosby flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Dellucci singled to center . Young doubled to deep center , Dellucci scored . Teixeira homered to right , Young scored . Calero pitching for Athletics . Blalock grounded out to second . Soriano popped out to second . Mench singled to left center . Hidalgo singled to left , Mench to second . Matthews Jr walked , Mench to third , Hidalgo to second . Barajas flied out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Chavez flied out to center . Hatteberg flied out to center . Kielty flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Calero pitching for Athletics . Dellucci grounded out to second . Young struck out swinging . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Johnson singled to right . Gryboski pitching for Rangers . Swisher grounded out to third , Johnson to second . Ellis singled to right center , Johnson scored . Kendall tripled to left , Ellis scored . Kotsay singled to right , Kendall scored . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kotsay out at second . Chavez flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Blalock walked . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blalock out at second . Mench grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Soriano out at second . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Hidalgo homered to left , Mench scored . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Matthews Jr fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Hatteberg popped out to shortstop . Kielty lined out to right . Johnson doubled to deep center . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Barajas singled to right . Dellucci walked , Barajas to second . Young doubled to deep left , Barajas scored , Dellucci to third . Teixeira struck out swinging . Blalock grounded out to first , Dellucci scored , Young to third . Young out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Soriano batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 11 - Rangers 10 .	Haren wins again ; A 's hold off Rangers in wild finish