Tigers - Top 1st. Radke pitching for Twins. Inge struck out swinging. Guillen walked. Rodriguez singled to left, Guillen to second. Young singled to right, Guillen scored, Rodriguez to third. White hit sacrifice fly to center, Rodriguez scored. Pena flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Stewart grounded out to third. Castro grounded out to pitcher. Hunter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Radke pitching for Twins. Monroe grounded out to third. Thames popped out to shortstop. Infante flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. LeCroy walked. Ford flied out to left. Jones singled to center, LeCroy to second. Cuddyer walked, LeCroy to third, Jones to second. Redmond singled to left, LeCroy scored, Jones to third, Cuddyer to second. Rivas hit sacrifice fly to left, Jones scored. Stewart hit by pitch, Cuddyer to third, Redmond to second. Castro grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Radke pitching for Twins. Inge grounded out to third. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Hunter doubled to deep right. LeCroy grounded out to second, Hunter to third. Ford hit by pitch. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hunter scored, Ford safe at third on error by second baseman Infante. Cuddyer walked. Redmond singled to right, Ford scored, Jones to third, Cuddyer to second, Jones scored on error by right fielder Thames. Cuddyer caught stealing third, catcher to third. Rivas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Redmond out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Radke pitching for Twins. Young grounded out to shortstop. White grounded out to third. Pena flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Stewart flied out to center. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Hunter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Radke pitching for Twins. Monroe singled to right. Minnesota's Manager Gardenhire ejected by Hickox in the 5th. Infante popped out to second. Inge grounded into double play, pitcher to second to shortstop to first, Thames out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. LeCroy flied out to center. Ford walked. Jones tripled to deep right center, Ford scored. Cuddyer walked. Redmond grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Cuddyer out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Radke pitching for Twins. Guillen struck out looking. Rodriguez singled to center. Young reached on infield single to shortstop, Rodriguez to third. White struck out looking. Pena singled to right, Rodriguez scored, Young to second. Farnsworth pitching for Tigers. Monroe grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Farnsworth pitching for Tigers. Rivas singled to right. Stewart walked, Rivas to second. Castro popped out to first. Hunter struck out swinging. LeCroy singled to center, Rivas scored, Stewart to second. Ford homered to left center, Stewart and LeCroy scored. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop. Crain pitching for Twins. Cuddyer struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Crain pitching for Twins. Thames fouled out to first. Infante flied out to left. Inge singled to center. German pitching for Tigers. Guillen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. German pitching for Tigers. Redmond walked. Rivas grounded into double play, third to second to first, Redmond out at second. Stewart walked. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Castro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Rodriguez popped out to second. Young grounded out to second. White homered to left. Urbina pitching for Tigers. Miller hit for Hunter. Pena grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Urbina pitching for Tigers. Miller flied out to center. LeCroy singled to center. Ford doubled to deep left, LeCroy to third. Jones intentionally walked. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Redmond flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Monroe flied out to right. Thames grounded out to shortstop. Infante doubled to deep left. Inge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 4 - Twins 10.	Radke lives up to Twin billing with win over Tigers