Royals - Top 1st. Gassner pitching for Twins. DeJesus tripled to deep left. Graffanino grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, DeJesus scored, Graffanino to second on throwing error by pitcher Gassner. Sweeney flied out to center, Graffanino to third. Marrero hit sacrifice fly to left, Graffanino scored. Berroa grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Royals. Stewart singled to center. Bartlett grounded into fielder's choice to second, Stewart out at second. Hunter homered to left, Bartlett scored. LeCroy homered to right. Ford grounded out to first. Jones grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Gassner pitching for Twins. Buck reached on infield single to shortstop. Pickering struck out swinging. Brown singled to left, Buck to second. Gotay singled to left, Buck scored, Brown to second. DeJesus flied out to center. Graffanino singled to left, Brown scored, Gotay to second. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Sweeney singled to center, Gotay scored, Graffanino to second. Marrero struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Royals. Cuddyer grounded out to pitcher. Redmond grounded out to first. Rivas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Berroa flied out to center. Buck singled to left. Pickering struck out swinging, Buck stole second. Brown struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Royals. Stewart singled to center, Stewart to second on error by right fielder Brown. Bartlett singled to center, Stewart to third. Hunter singled to right, Stewart scored, Bartlett to third. Hunter stole second. LeCroy reached on infield single to third, Bartlett scored, Hunter to third. Ford singled to right, Hunter scored, LeCroy to second. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ford out at second, LeCroy to third. Cuddyer reached on infield single to first, LeCroy scored. Redmond grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Gotay struck out swinging. DeJesus struck out looking. Graffanino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Royals. Rivas singled to left. Wood pitching for Royals. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rivas safe at third on error by shortstop Berroa. Bartlett grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rivas scored, Stewart out at second. Hunter flied out to right. LeCroy hit by pitch, Bartlett to second. Ford struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 5th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Sweeney singled to left. Marrero grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sweeney out at second. Berroa fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Royals. Jones struck out looking. Cuddyer flied out to right. Redmond hit by pitch. Rivas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Buck homered to left. Pickering walked. Romero pitching for Twins. Brown homered to left, Pickering scored. Gotay reached on bunt single to pitcher. Gotay to second on balk by Romero. DeJesus sacrificed to pitcher, Gotay to third. Gotay caught stealing home, to catcher. Graffanino grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Royals. Stewart popped out to second. Bartlett grounded out to third. Crain pitching for Twins. Hunter lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Crain pitching for Twins. Sweeney popped out to second. Marrero grounded out to shortstop. Sisco pitching for Royals. Berroa popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Sisco pitching for Royals. LeCroy struck out swinging. Ford reached on infield single to third. Jones walked, Ford to second. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Redmond grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Crain pitching for Twins. Buck reached on infield single to shortstop. Pickering walked, Buck to second. Brown sacrificed to first, Buck to third, Pickering to second. Rincon pitching for Twins. Gotay grounded into fielder's choice to second, Buck out at home, Pickering to third. DeJesus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Sisco pitching for Royals. Rivas struck out swinging. Stewart popped out to second. Bartlett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Rincon pitching for Twins. Graffanino lined out to right. Stairs hit for Marrero. Sweeney singled to center. Stairs flied out to left. Miller catching. Berroa singled to left, Sweeney scored, Berroa to second advancing on throw. Berroa caught stealing third, catcher to third. Stairs in right field. Brown in left field. Buck batting. MacDougal pitching for Royals. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Hunter walked. Hunter stole second. LeCroy struck out looking. Ford singled to center, Hunter to third. Jones doubled to left, Hunter scored, Ford to third. Mauer hit for Miller. Cuddyer grounded out to third. Tiffee hit for Rivas. Mauer intentionally walked. Cuddyer at second base. Mauer catching. Tiffee at third base. Nathan pitching for Twins. Tiffee struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 10th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Buck struck out looking. Pickering struck out swinging. Camp pitching for Royals. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 10th. Camp pitching for Royals. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Bartlett doubled to right. Hunter intentionally walked. LeCroy singled to left, Bartlett to third, Hunter to second. Ford singled to center, Bartlett scored, Hunter to third, LeCroy to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 9 - Twins 10.	Decimal system: Twins win 10-9 in 10th