Giants - Top 1st . Guthrie pitching for Rockies . Pagan popped out to shortstop . Cabrera doubled to deep right center . Sandoval lined out to center . Huff grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Scutaro walked . Fowler struck out swinging . Scutaro stole second . Gonzalez tripled to deep left center , Scutaro scored . Tulowitzki grounded out to third , Gonzalez scored . Helton lined out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Rockies . Sanchez flied out to left . Schierholtz grounded out to second . Crawford singled to right . Burriss singled to center , Crawford to second . Lincecum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Cuddyer doubled to left . Hernandez grounded out to third . Cuddyer to third on wild pitch by Lincecum . Nelson singled to left , Cuddyer scored . Guthrie struck out bunting foul . Scutaro lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Rockies . Pagan grounded out to first . Cabrera grounded out to second . Sandoval doubled to deep left center . Huff walked . Sanchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Fowler doubled to deep right . Gonzalez tripled to deep right , Fowler scored . Gonzalez scored on Lincecum 's wild pitch . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to third . Helton singled to right center , Tulowitzki to third . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Hernandez singled to center , Tulowitzki scored , Helton to second . Nelson walked , Helton to third , Hernandez to second . Otero pitching for Giants . Belt at first base . Guthrie grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Nelson out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Guthrie pitching for Rockies . Schierholtz homered to right ( 425 feet ) . Crawford homered to right ( 406 feet ) . Burriss singled to center . Burriss stole second . Belt grounded out to first , Burriss to third . Pagan walked . Cabrera singled to right , Burriss scored , Pagan to second . Sandoval doubled to deep left , Pagan scored , Cabrera to third . Blanco hit for Otero . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Blanco walked . Sanchez singled to center , Cabrera and Sandoval scored , Blanco to third . Schierholtz hit sacrifice fly to right , Blanco scored , Sanchez to second . Crawford grounded out to second . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Mota pitching for Giants . Scutaro safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Burriss . Fowler singled to right , Scutaro to third , Fowler to second advancing on throw . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Scutaro scored , Fowler to third . Tulowitzki singled to center , Fowler scored . Helton singled to deep right , Tulowitzki to third . Cuddyer doubled to deep right center , Tulowitzki scored , Helton to third . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helton out at home . Nelson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernandez out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 5th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Burriss struck out swinging . Belt walked . Pagan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Belt out at second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pagan out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Young Jr. hit for Reynolds . Mota pitching for Giants . Young Jr. reached on bunt single to shortstop . Young Jr. stole second . Scutaro doubled to deep right center , Young Jr. scored . Pill at first base . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Fowler sacrificed to pitcher , Scutaro to third . Gonzalez singled to right , Scutaro scored . Tulowitzki grounded out to third , Gonzalez to second . Helton doubled to left center , Gonzalez scored . Cuddyer walked . Hernandez singled to center , Helton scored , Cuddyer to second , Cuddyer to third , Hernandez to second on error by first baseman Pill . M Cuddyer scored , Hernandez to third on error by first baseman Pill . Nelson doubled to right , Hernandez scored . Young Jr. tripled to deep left , Nelson scored . Scutaro flied out to center . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 2 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Sandoval grounded out to shortstop . Pill struck out swinging . Sanchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Fowler doubled to deep left center . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Fowler to third . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Schierholtz homered to right ( 434 feet ) . Crawford flied out to center . Burriss singled to right . Theriot hit for Affeldt . Theriot grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Burriss out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Hensley pitching for Giants . Theriot in left field . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Nelson singled to right center . Chatwood walked , Nelson to second . Scutaro hit by pitch , Nelson to third , Chatwood to second . Fowler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Pagan lined out to shortstop . Posey hit for Hensley . Posey flied out to right . Sandoval grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Wilson pitching for Giants . Gonzalez walked . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Helton flied out to right . Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Wilson . Cuddyer doubled to deep right center , Gonzalez scored . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Colvin in left field . Herrera at shortstop . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Pill grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez grounded out to first . Schierholtz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 8 - Rockies 17 .	Rockies shellack Lincecum in rout of Giants