Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Roberts singled to right . Parra singled to left , Roberts to second . Upton struck out looking . Montero flied out to left . Young singled to left , Roberts scored , Parra to second . Parra picked off second . Overbay batting . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Scutaro grounded out to third . Fowler flied out to right . Tulowitzki struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Overbay lined out to second . Hill walked . McDonald struck out swinging . Hill caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton grounded out to second . Cuddyer singled to center . Colvin homered to right center ( 407 feet ) , Cuddyer scored . Hernandez homered to center ( 426 feet ) . Pacheco flied out to center . Chacin flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Collmenter grounded out to second . Roberts walked . Parra singled to left , Roberts to second . Upton struck out looking . Montero walked . Young flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . Fowler walked . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Helton walked , Fowler to second . Cuddyer reached on infield single to first , Fowler scored , Helton to second . Colvin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Overbay struck out swinging , Overbay safe at first on wild pitch by Chacin . Hill struck out swinging . McDonald grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Overbay out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Pacheco tripled to deep right center . Chacin grounded out to shortstop , Pacheco scored . Scutaro walked . Scutaro stole second . Fowler grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Blum hit for Collmenter . Blum walked . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blum out at second . Parra singled to left , Roberts to second . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Parra out at second , Roberts to third . Montero homered to center ( 430 feet ) , Roberts and Upton scored . Young popped out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki walked . Helton grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Tulowitzki out at second . Cuddyer tripled to deep right . Colvin grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Overbay grounded out to second . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Hill safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Tulowitzki . McDonald doubled to deep left , Hill scored . Miley grounded out to shortstop . Roberts safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Tulowitzki , McDonald to third . Parra grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez flied out to center . Pacheco grounded out to shortstop . Nelson hit for Belisle . Nelson singled to center . Scutaro lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Nelson at third base . Upton singled to center . Montero flied out to left . Young singled to shallow right center , Upton to third . Goldschmidt hit for Overbay . Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to right , Upton scored , Young to second . Young stole third . Hill popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Goldschmidt at first base . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki flied out to left . Helton popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Colvin in center field . Young Jr. in left field . McDonald doubled to left . Miley reached on infield single to pitcher , McDonald to third . Roberts struck out swinging . Parra sacrificed into fielder 's choice to first , McDonald scored , Miley to second . Upton struck out swinging . Montero grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Colvin singled to center . Hernandez popped out to shortstop . Young Jr. doubled to left center , Colvin scored . Nelson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Young walked . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Young out at second . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Scutaro hit by pitch . Giambi hit for Chatwood . Giambi popped out to shortstop . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Helton homered to right ( 366 feet ) , Scutaro scored . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Rockies 8 .	Rockies ' Helton hits walk - off HR vs. D - backs    \n\n