Rockies - Top 1st . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Herrera singled to shallow center . Pacheco singled to left , Herrera to second . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Herrera to third , Pacheco to second . Tulowitzki walked . Helton singled to right , Herrera scored , Pacheco to third , Tulowitzki to second . Cuddyer singled to shallow right center , Pacheco scored , Tulowitzki to third , Helton to second . Rosario hit sacrifice fly to center , Tulowitzki scored . Fowler grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Reyes walked . Petersen tripled to deep right , Reyes scored . Ramirez singled to center , Petersen scored . Ramirez stole second . Kearns walked . Stanton flied out to center . Morrison grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kearns out at second , Ramirez to third . Buck flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Nicasio struck out swinging . Herrera grounded out to first . Pacheco struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Murphy hit ground rule double to deep right . Nolasco bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Murphy out at third . Reyes singled to left , Nolasco to second . Petersen struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reyes out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Kearns singled to center . Stanton doubled to deep right center , Kearns scored . Morrison struck out swinging . Buck grounded out to third , Stanton to third . Murphy intentionally walked . Nolasco doubled to deep center , Stanton and Murphy scored . Reyes grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Cuddyer doubled to deep left . Coghlan in left field . Rosario struck out swinging . Fowler fouled out to third . Nicasio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Petersen grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez singled to center . Ramirez stole second . Ramirez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rosario . Coghlan singled to right , Ramirez scored . Stanton struck out swinging . Morrison lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 5th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Pacheco flied out to center . Gonzalez doubled to left . Tulowitzki singled to left , Gonzalez scored . Helton popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Buck struck out swinging . Murphy struck out swinging . Nolasco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Cuddyer doubled to deep left center . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Fowler struck out swinging . Colvin hit for Nicasio . Colvin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Scutaro at second base . Reyes grounded out to second . Petersen safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Tulowitzki . Ramirez singled to left , Petersen scored . Coghlan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramirez out at second . Stanton singled to center , Coghlan to second . Morrison grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Scutaro walked . Pacheco struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Scutaro out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Buck grounded out to shortstop . Murphy hit by pitch . Solano hit for Cishek . Solano singled to right , Murphy to second . Reyes walked , Murphy to third , Solano to second . Outman pitching for Rockies . Petersen struck out swinging . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Mujica pitching for Marlins . Helton singled to left center . Cuddyer walked , Helton to second . Rosario singled to left center , Helton scored , Cuddyer to third . Giambi hit for Fowler . Choate pitching for Marlins . Giambi grounded out to catcher , Rosario to third . Webb pitching for Marlins . Young Jr. hit for Belisle . Young Jr. struck out swinging . Scutaro lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Young Jr. in center field . Coghlan grounded out to second . Stanton struck out swinging . Morrison walked . Buck walked , Morrison to second . Murphy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Bell pitching for Marlins . Pacheco doubled to left . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Pacheco to third . Tulowitzki popped out to shortstop . Helton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 6 - Marlins 7 .	Nolasco wins 69th , most in Marlins ' history