Nationals - Top 1st . Cabrera pitching for Rockies . Espinosa lined out to left . Harper singled to center . Harper stole second , Harper safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rosario . Zimmerman grounded out to second , Harper scored . Morse struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Fowler walked . Scutaro grounded out to third , Fowler to second . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Fowler to third . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Rockies . Desmond lined out to shortstop . DeRosa walked . Moore homered to center ( 425 feet ) , DeRosa scored . Solano walked . Zimmermann grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Solano safe at second on throwing error by catcher Rosario . Espinosa singled to right , Solano scored , Zimmermann to second . Harper grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Espinosa out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Colvin flied out to right . Pacheco walked . Nelson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pacheco out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman homered to left ( 427 feet ) . Morse flied out to right . Desmond homered to center ( 425 feet ) . DeRosa walked . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Moore doubled to left , DeRosa to third . Solano doubled to deep left center , DeRosa and Moore scored . Zimmermann grounded out to second , Solano to third . Espinosa flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Rosario singled to right . Young Jr. hit for Reynolds . Young Jr. singled to right center , Rosario to second . Fowler grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Young Jr. out at second , Rosario to third . Scutaro singled to left , Rosario scored . Gonzalez singled to left , Scutaro to second . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Guthrie pitching for Rockies . Harper doubled to left . Zimmerman doubled to right , Harper scored . Morse singled to right , Zimmerman to third . Desmond struck out swinging . DeRosa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Morse out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Colvin fouled out to third . Pacheco singled to center . Nelson safe at first on error by right fielder Morse , Pacheco to second . Rosario grounded into double play , third to second to first , Nelson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 5th . Guthrie pitching for Rockies . Moore lined out to left . Solano grounded out to third . Zimmermann grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Guthrie singled to right . Fowler bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Guthrie out at second . Scutaro flied out to right . Gonzalez walked , Fowler to second . Cuddyer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Guthrie pitching for Rockies . Espinosa safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Nelson . Harper grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Espinosa out at second . Zimmerman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Colvin grounded out to shortstop . Pacheco grounded out to first . Nelson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Guthrie pitching for Rockies . Morse singled to center . Desmond doubled to deep center , Morse to third . DeRosa hit sacrifice fly to center , Morse scored , Desmond to third . Moore struck out swinging . Solano singled to right , Desmond scored . Zimmermann walked , Solano to second . Espinosa lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Bernadina in left field . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Rosario flied out to center . Nieves hit for Guthrie . Nieves reached on infield single to third . Fowler singled to right , Nieves to second . Scutaro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fowler out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Harper grounded out to second . Zimmerman walked . Morse grounded out to pitcher , Zimmerman to second . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Harper in right field . Wang pitching for Nationals . Ankiel in center field . Gonzalez doubled to deep center , Gonzalez to third on error by center fielder Ankiel . Cuddyer fouled out to first . Colvin doubled to deep center , Gonzalez scored . Pacheco singled to center , Colvin scored . Nelson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pacheco out at second . Rosario struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 9th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Bernadina struck out swinging . Moore singled to center . Solano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Moore out at second . Ankiel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Herrera hit for Brothers . Herrera walked . Fowler doubled to deep center , Herrera scored . Scutaro singled to center , Fowler scored . Gonzalez flied out to center . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Cuddyer grounded out to pitcher , Scutaro to second . Colvin reached on infield single to shortstop , Scutaro to third . Colvin to second on fielder 's indifference . Pacheco grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 11 - Rockies 5 .	Zimmermann , Zimmerman lead Nats in rout