Rockies - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Padres . Fowler flied out to left . Scutaro singled to center . Gonzalez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Scutaro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Pomeranz pitching for Rockies . Amarista fouled out to third . Forsythe flied out to left . Headley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Padres . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Brown grounded out to third . Pacheco doubled to deep center . Rosario flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Pomeranz pitching for Rockies . Quentin homered to left center ( 395 feet ) . Denorfia reached on infield single to second . Grandal doubled to left , Denorfia scored . Grandal to third on wild pitch by Pomeranz . Hernandez catching . Alonso safe at first on error by shortstop Rutledge . Cabrera reached on infield single to third , Grandal scored , Alonso to second . Marquis sacrificed to third , Alonso to third , Cabrera to second . Amarista struck out swinging . Forsythe grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Padres . Rutledge doubled to deep left . Pomeranz bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rutledge out at third . Fowler singled to center , Pomeranz to second . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pomeranz to third , Fowler safe at second on error by second baseman Forsythe . Gonzalez homered to left center ( 405 feet ) , Pomeranz , Fowler and Scutaro scored . Cuddyer singled to left . Brown grounded out to third , Cuddyer to second . Cuddyer caught stealing third , catcher to third . Pacheco batting . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Pomeranz pitching for Rockies . Headley reached on infield single to shortstop . Quentin singled to right , Headley to second . Denorfia tripled to left , Headley and Quentin scored . Grandal homered to left ( 374 feet ) , Denorfia scored . Alonso grounded out to second . Cabrera singled to center . Marquis struck out swinging . Amarista grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Pacheco popped out to shortstop . Hernandez struck out looking . Rutledge tripled to deep center . Young Jr. hit for Pomeranz . Young Jr. grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Forsythe flied out to center . Headley struck out swinging . Quentin singled to right . Denorfia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Fowler grounded out to first . Scutaro singled to right . Gonzalez singled to right , Scutaro to second . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Scutaro to third , Gonzalez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Marquis . Brown hit sacrifice fly to left , Scutaro scored . Pacheco lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 5th . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Grandal popped out to first . Alonso singled to right . Cabrera flied out to center . Marquis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Brach pitching for Padres . Hernandez hit by pitch . Rutledge grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernandez out at second . Rutledge stole second . Roenicke grounded out to third . Fowler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Amarista grounded out to second . Forsythe struck out looking . Headley lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Thayer pitching for Padres . Scutaro flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Cuddyer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Quentin struck out swinging . Denorfia walked . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Grandal struck out swinging . Denorfia stole second . Alonso walked . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alonso out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Brown popped out to second . Pacheco grounded out to second . Hernandez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Rutledge doubled to left , Hernandez to third . Giambi hit for Reynolds . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Giambi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 8th . Ekstrom pitching for Rockies . Kotsay hit for Thatcher . Kotsay reached on bunt single to pitcher . Maybin ran for Kotsay . Maybin stole second . Amarista sacrificed to third , Maybin to third . Forsythe hit sacrifice fly to center , Maybin scored . Headley homered to right ( 381 feet ) . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Street pitching for Padres . Denorfia in left field . Venable in right field . Fowler struck out swinging . Scutaro flied out to right . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Padres 9 .	Power surge propels Padres past Colorado