Giants - Top 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Pagan singled to shallow left center . Theriot grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pagan out at second . Cabrera walked . Posey homered to left ( 436 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Pence doubled to shallow left . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Young Jr. singled to left . Young Jr. stole second . Rutledge lined out to second . Young Jr. caught stealing third , pitcher to third to shortstop to second to third to first to pitcher . Fowler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Pill struck out swinging . Arias flied out to right . Bumgarner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Pacheco lined out to right . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Pagan flied out to center . Theriot flied out to right . Cabrera homered to left ( 421 feet ) . Posey grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . McBride struck out swinging . Herrera flied out to right . Francis singled to shallow center . Young Jr. struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Pence struck out swinging . Scutaro singled to center . Pill singled to center , Scutaro to third , Pill to second advancing on throw . Arias singled to left , Scutaro scored , Pill to third . Bumgarner bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Pill out at home , Arias to second . Pagan singled to left , Arias scored , Bumgarner to second . Theriot singled to shallow center , Bumgarner to third , Pagan to second . Cabrera walked , Bumgarner scored , Pagan to third , Theriot to second . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Posey lined out to left . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Rutledge struck out swinging . Fowler grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez doubled to left . Pacheco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Pence grounded out to second . Scutaro walked . Pill grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Scutaro out at second . Arias singled to shallow center , Pill to third . Bumgarner grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Hernandez safe at first on error by third baseman Scutaro . McBride singled to right center , Hernandez to second . Herrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McBride out at second , Hernandez to third . Roenicke struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 6th . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Pagan grounded out to second . Theriot struck out looking . Cabrera walked . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Young Jr. struck out looking . Rutledge homered to left ( 397 feet ) . Fowler struck out swinging . Gonzalez walked . Pacheco grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Pence safe at first on error by shortstop Rutledge . Scutaro singled to left , Pence to second . Pill struck out swinging . Escalona pitching for Rockies . Rosario at third base . Arias lined into double play , second to shortstop , Pence doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Penny pitching for Giants . Belt at first base . Hernandez doubled to deep right . McBride doubled to deep right center , Hernandez scored . Herrera singled to center , McBride scored . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Herrera out at second . Young Jr. sacrificed to third , Rosario to second . Rutledge lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Escalona pitching for Rockies . Belt doubled to deep right . Pagan singled to left , Belt scored , Pagan to second on throwing error by third baseman Rosario . Pagan stole third . Theriot doubled to left , Pagan scored . Theriot to third on wild pitch by Escalona . Cabrera walked . Posey singled to shallow left , Theriot scored , Cabrera to second . Pence lined out to right . Ekstrom pitching for Rockies . Scutaro singled to left , Cabrera to third , Posey to second . Blanco hit for Penny . Blanco hit sacrifice fly to center , Cabrera scored , Posey to third . Arias popped out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Hensley pitching for Giants . Fowler walked . Gonzalez singled to right center , Fowler to third . Colvin hit for Ekstrom . Colvin popped out to third . Romo pitching for Giants . Fowler scored , Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Romo . Hernandez doubled to deep left center , Gonzalez scored . McBride struck out swinging . Herrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Hernandez to third . Rosario popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Belt flied out to left . Pagan homered to left ( 369 feet ) . Theriot walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . Posey struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Lopez pitching for Giants . Young Jr. reached on infield single to second . Rutledge popped out to shortstop . Fowler singled to left , Young Jr. to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . LeMahieu hit for Brothers . LeMahieu safe at first on error by shortstop Arias , Young Jr. scored , Fowler to third . Casilla pitching for Giants . LeMahieu to second on fielder 's indifference . Hernandez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 11 - Rockies 6 .	Pagan , Giants back Bumgarner vs. Rockies \n\n