Giants - Top 1st . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Pagan flied out to right . Scutaro fouled out to second . Sandoval grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Fowler struck out looking . Rutledge grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Posey walked . Pence struck out swinging . Belt popped out to third . Blanco lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Rosario flied out to center . Pacheco doubled to left . Nelson singled to center , Pacheco scored . McBride hit by pitch , Nelson to second . LeMahieu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McBride out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Crawford lined out to pitcher . Bumgarner singled to center . Pagan flied out to center . Scutaro singled to left , Bumgarner to second . Sandoval flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Chacin doubled to deep left center . Fowler reached on bunt single to catcher , Chacin to third . Rutledge grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Chacin scored , Fowler out at second . Gonzalez doubled to deep right . Rosario singled to center , Gonzalez scored . Pacheco singled to right , Rosario scored . Nelson singled to center , Pacheco to second . McBride grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pacheco to third , Nelson to second . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Posey reached on infield single to pitcher . Pence singled to right center , Posey to third . Belt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Posey scored , Pence out at second . Blanco singled to center , Belt to second . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Belt out at third , Blanco to second . Bumgarner homered to left center ( 427 feet ) , Blanco and Crawford scored . Pagan grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Brown hit for Chacin . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Brown grounded out to first . Fowler walked . Rutledge grounded out to third , Fowler to second . Gonzalez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Torres pitching for Rockies . Scutaro singled to right . Sandoval popped out to first . Scutaro to second on wild pitch by Torres . Posey walked . Pence fouled out to first . Belt doubled to deep left , Scutaro and Posey scored , Belt to third advancing on throw . Blanco struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Rosario reached on infield single to third . Pacheco struck out swinging . Nelson reached on infield single to third , Rosario to second . McBride singled to left center , Rosario scored , Nelson to second . Kontos pitching for Giants . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Torres struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Torres pitching for Rockies . Crawford struck out looking . Huff hit for Kontos . Huff singled to deep right . Peguero ran for Huff . Pagan tripled to deep right center , Peguero scored . Scutaro hit sacrifice fly to center , Pagan scored . Sandoval fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Mijares pitching for Giants . Arias at third base . Fowler safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Crawford . Rutledge struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Mota pitching for Giants . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 7th . Escalona pitching for Rockies . Posey flied out to center . Pence struck out swinging . Belt homered to right center ( 395 feet ) . Blanco grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Mota pitching for Giants . Pacheco singled to center . Nelson struck out swinging . McBride struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Outman pitching for Rockies . Crawford struck out swinging . Arias popped out to second . Pagan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Blackmon hit for Outman . Blackmon reached on infield single to first . Fowler singled to center , Blackmon to second . Casilla pitching for Giants . Rutledge grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fowler out at second , Blackmon to third . Gonzalez singled to left , Blackmon scored , Rutledge to second . Rosario grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Scahill pitching for Rockies . Scutaro flied out to center . Sanchez hit for Casilla . Sanchez flied out to left . Posey doubled to deep right . Pence popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Romo pitching for Giants . Pacheco grounded out to third . Nelson flied out to right . McBride singled to center . Colvin hit for LeMahieu . McBride to second on fielder 's indifference . Colvin homered to right ( 383 feet ) , McBride scored . Giambi hit for Scahill . Lopez pitching for Giants . Giambi lined out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 9 - Rockies 8 .	Giants pad NL West edge