Rockies - Top 1st . Werner pitching for Padres . Fowler grounded out to third . Rutledge grounded out to first . Gonzalez doubled to left . Pacheco lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . White pitching for Rockies . Cabrera grounded out to second . Forsythe doubled to left . Headley hit by pitch . Alonso singled to right , Forsythe scored , Headley to second . Venable flied out to center . Maybin walked , Headley to third , Alonso to second . Amarista lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Werner pitching for Padres . Nelson singled to center . Brown singled to left , Nelson to second . McBride popped out to shortstop . LeMahieu struck out swinging . White homered to left ( 363 feet ) , Nelson and Brown scored . Fowler doubled to deep right center . Rutledge walked . Fowler to third , Rutledge to second on balk by Werner . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . White pitching for Rockies . Baker grounded out to pitcher . Werner grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Werner pitching for Padres . Pacheco grounded out to first . Nelson popped out to shortstop . Brown singled to left center . McBride homered to left center ( 411 feet ) , Brown scored . LeMahieu lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . White pitching for Rockies . Forsythe singled to center . Headley singled to right , Forsythe to third . Alonso walked , Headley to second . Venable hit sacrifice fly to center , Forsythe scored , Alonso tagged out at second , Headley to third . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Werner pitching for Padres . White struck out swinging . Fowler struck out swinging . Rutledge struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . White pitching for Rockies . Amarista grounded out to first . Baker walked . Werner sacrificed to pitcher , Baker to second , Werner safe at first on throwing error by pitcher White . Baker to third on throwing error by pitcher White . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Baker scored , Werner out at second . Cabrera stole second . Forsythe struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 5th . Werner pitching for Padres . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Pacheco flied out to right . Nelson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Headley walked . Alonso singled to right , Headley to second . Venable struck out swinging . Maybin singled to left , Headley to third , Alonso to second . Amarista popped out to second . Baker singled to left , Headley and Alonso scored , Maybin to second . Parrino hit for Werner . Parrino singled to center , Maybin scored , Baker to third , Parrino to second advancing on throw . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Baker and Parrino scored . Cabrera stole third . Cabrera scored on throwing error by catcher Pacheco . Forsythe reached on infield single to second . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Headley homered to left ( 367 feet ) , Forsythe scored . Alonso doubled to deep left . Venable grounded out to pitcher . 8 Runs , 8 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Bass pitching for Padres . Brown popped out to second . McBride grounded out to third . LeMahieu walked . Blackmon hit for Reynolds . Blackmon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Scahill pitching for Rockies . Brown in left field . Blackmon in right field . Maybin flied out to right . Amarista grounded out to second . Baker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Boxberger pitching for Padres . Fowler struck out swinging . Rutledge struck out swinging . Scahill walked . Pacheco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Solis hit for Boxberger . Scahill pitching for Rockies . Solis fouled out to catcher . Cabrera fouled out to left . Forsythe reached on infield single to pitcher . Headley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Guzman in left field . Amarista in center field . Burns pitching for Padres . Nelson singled to center . Brown walked , Nelson to second . McBride grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Brown out at second , Nelson to third , Nelson scored , McBride to second on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . LeMahieu singled to right , McBride to third . Layne pitching for Padres . Blackmon hit by pitch , LeMahieu to second . Fowler walked , McBride scored , LeMahieu to third , Blackmon to second . Vincent pitching for Padres . Rutledge homered to left ( 391 feet ) , LeMahieu , Blackmon and Fowler scored . Colvin hit for Scahill . Colvin struck out swinging . Pacheco flied out to right . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 8th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Pacheco at first base . Rosario catching . Alonso grounded out to second . Venable doubled to left . Guzman intentionally walked . Denorfia hit for Amarista . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Denorfia grounded out to second , Venable to third , Guzman to second . Baker struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Denorfia in center field . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Nelson singled to right . Brown walked , Nelson to second . Rosario struck out swinging . Giambi hit for LeMahieu . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Giambi struck out swinging . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Herrera at second base . Kotsay hit for Thatcher . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Kotsay lined out to left . Cabrera reached on infield single to second . Forsythe popped out to second . Cabrera to second on balk by Belisle . Headley intentionally walked . Alonso singled to left , Cabrera scored , Headley to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 11 - Padres 12 .	Alonso pushes Padres by Rockies in 9th inning