Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Eaton lined out to pitcher . Elmore grounded out to shortstop . Upton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Rutledge lined out to right . Blackmon hit by pitch . Pacheco grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Blackmon safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Cahill . Colvin singled to right , Blackmon scored , Pacheco to third . Nelson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Colvin out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Montero singled to right . Goldschmidt grounded out to third , Montero to second . Kubel struck out swinging . Wheeler safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Chatwood , Montero to third . McDonald grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wheeler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . McBride lined out to center . Brown struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Cahill grounded out to second . Eaton grounded out to second . Elmore flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Chatwood struck out swinging . Rutledge singled to center . Blackmon reached on bunt single to third , Rutledge to second . Pacheco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blackmon out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Montero grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt walked . Kubel homered to right , Goldschmidt scored . ( 427 feet ) . Wheeler grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Colvin singled to left center . Nelson walked , Colvin to second . McBride singled to center , Colvin to third , Nelson to second . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Colvin scored , McBride out at second , Nelson to third . LeMahieu singled to right , Nelson scored , Brown to second . Chatwood sacrificed to pitcher , Brown to third , LeMahieu to second . Rutledge grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . McDonald bunt grounded out to pitcher . Cahill struck out swinging . Eaton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to center . Pacheco singled to left , Blackmon to second . Colvin struck out swinging . Nelson flied out to right . McBride struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Elmore grounded out to shortstop . Upton walked . Montero grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Upton out at second . Goldschmidt singled to center , Montero to second . Outman pitching for Rockies . Kubel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Brown doubled to left . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Brown out at third . Outman grounded out to first , LeMahieu to second . Rutledge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Outman pitching for Rockies . Wheeler grounded out to shortstop . Moscoso pitching for Rockies . McDonald popped out to shortstop . Jacobs hit for Cahill . Jacobs fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . Pacheco grounded out to second . Colvin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Moscoso pitching for Rockies . Eaton flied out to left . Elmore flied out to right . Upton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Nelson struck out swinging . McBride grounded out to shortstop . Brown homered to right . ( 390 feet ) . LeMahieu flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Colvin in right field . Fowler in center field . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Montero flied out to left . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Kubel singled to center . Wheeler reached on infield single to shortstop , Kubel to second . Graham ran for Wheeler . McDonald flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Rockies 4 .	Rockies defeat D - backs to end 9 - game skid \n\n