Angels - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Royals . Calhoun doubled to left center . Trout doubled to deep right , Calhoun scored . Bour grounded out to second , Trout to third . Simmons walked . Pujols grounded into double play , third to second to first , Simmons out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Merrifield lined out to right . Mondesi grounded out to first . Gordon walked . Dozier popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Royals . Goodwin grounded out to shortstop . Lucroy hit by pitch . La Stella singled to left , Lucroy to second . Rengifo grounded into double play , shortstop to first , La Stella out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Barría pitching for Angels . O'Hearn doubled to right . Soler grounded out to shortstop . Gutiérrez walked . Maldonado singled to left , O'Hearn scored , Maldonado to second , Gutiérrez to third . Hamilton struck out swinging . Merrifield flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Royals . Calhoun flied out to center . Trout lined out to third . Bour struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Barria pitching for Angels . Mondesi singled to right . Gordon singled to right , Mondesi to second . Dozier tripled to deep right , Mondesi scored and Gordon scored . O'Hearn singled to right , Dozier scored . Soler doubled to right , O'Hearn to third . Gutiérrez singled to left , O'Hearn scored and Soler scored . Maldonado lined out to center . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gutiérrez out at second . Merrifield singled to right center , Hamilton to third . Mondesi singled to left , Hamilton scored , Merrifield to second . Stratton pitching for Angels . Gordon flied out to center . 6 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Royals . Simmons reached on infield single to shortstop . Pujols struck out swinging . Goodwin walked , Simmons to second . Lucroy walked , Goodwin to second , Simmons to third . La Stella singled to right , Goodwin scored and Simmons scored , Lucroy to second . Rengifo flied out to center . Calhoun singled to right , La Stella to second , Lucroy to third . Barlow pitching for Royals . Trout walked , Lucroy scored , Calhoun to second , La Stella to third . Bour struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Stratton pitching for Angels . Dozier singled to deep right . O'Hearn struck out looking . Soler reached on infield single to second , Dozier to second . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . Maldonado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Owings in center field . Barlow pitching for Royals . Simmons popped out to shortstop . Pujols popped out to shortstop . Goodwin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Stratton pitching for Angels . Owings grounded out to second . Merrifield struck out swinging . Mondesi singled to left . Gordon walked , Mondesi to second . Dozier tripled to deep center , Mondesi scored and Gordon scored . O'Hearn struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Barlow pitching for Royals . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . La Stella walked . Rengifo walked , La Stella to second . Diekman pitching for Royals . Calhoun popped out to second . Trout struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Soler struck out looking . Gutiérrez grounded out to third . Maldonado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Diekman pitching for Royals . Bour grounded out to second . Simmons grounded out to first . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Owings grounded out to pitcher . Merrifield walked . Mondesi flied out to left . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Goodwin singled to right . Lucroy flied out to center . La Stella struck out swinging . Rengifo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . García pitching for Angels . Dozier singled to left center . O'Hearn lined out to center . Soler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dozier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Calhoun grounded out to first . Trout flied out to left . Bour struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 4 - Royals 9 .	Dozier drives in 4 to pace Royals in 9 - 4 win over Angels