Angels - Top 1st . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Fletcher walked . Trout walked , Fletcher to second . Pujols singled to left , Fletcher scored , Trout to second . La Stella fouled out to left . Lucroy lined out to left . Puello grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Angels . Smith grounded out to second . Seager singled to right . Encarnación grounded into double play , third to second to first , Seager out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Calhoun homered to right ( 417 feet ) . Garneau singled to center . Rengifo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Garneau out at second . Fletcher singled to center , Rengifo to third . Trout singled to right , Rengifo scored , Fletcher to third . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Trout out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Pena pitching for Angels . Vogelbach struck out swinging . Haniger singled to left . Narváez walked , Haniger to second . Bruce struck out looking . Beckham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . La Stella singled to deep right center . Lucroy grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , La Stella out at second . Puello homered to right ( 363 feet ) . Calhoun lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Pena pitching for Angels . Long struck out swinging . Smith lined out to right . Seager struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Garneau singled to right . Rengifo singled to left , Garneau to second . Fletcher fouled out to catcher . Trout doubled to deep left , Rengifo scored and Garneau scored . McKay pitching for Mariners . Pujols walked . La Stella grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Pujols out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Pena pitching for Angels . Encarnación struck out swinging . Vogelbach struck out swinging . Haniger grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . McKay pitching for Mariners . Lucroy struck out swinging . Puello singled to left center . Calhoun walked , Puello to second . Garneau grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garneau safe at first on error by shortstop Beckham , Calhoun safe at second on error by shortstop Beckham , Puello to third . Rengifo doubled to deep right center , Puello scored and Calhoun scored , Garneau to third . Brennan pitching for Mariners . Fletcher grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rengifo out at third in rundown . Trout struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Pena pitching for Angels . Narváez grounded out to shortstop . Bruce walked . Beckham homered to left center ( 390 feet ) , Bruce scored . Long grounded out to first . Smith lined out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Brennan pitching for Mariners . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . La Stella struck out swinging . Lucroy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Pena pitching for Angels . Seager safe at first on error by pitcher Peña . Encarnación struck out swinging . Vogelbach grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Seager out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 7th . Gearrin pitching for Mariners . Puello grounded out to shortstop . Calhoun struck out swinging . Garneau struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Pena pitching for Angels . Haniger walked . Narváez flied out to left . Bruce doubled to deep right , Haniger to third . Jewell pitching for Angels . Beckham grounded out to shortstop , Haniger scored . Long struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Elías pitching for Mariners . Rengifo walked . Fletcher flied out to center . Trout walked , Rengifo to second . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Trout out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Jewell pitching for Angels . Smith walked . Smith stole second . Seager struck out swinging . Encarnación struck out swinging . Vogelbach grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Sadzeck pitching for Mariners . La Stella reached on infield single to third . Lucroy lined out to center . Puello reached on infield single to third , La Stella to second . Calhoun singled to center , La Stella scored , Puello to third . Garneau popped out to third . Rengifo struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Jewell pitching for Angels . Haniger grounded out to first . Narváez grounded out to second . Bruce flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 9 - Mariners 3 .	Trout , Angels batter Kikuchi in 9 - 3 win over Mariners