Astros - Top 1st . Canning pitching for Angels . Springer flied out to right . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . Bregman walked . Alvarez walked , Bregman to second . Alvarez to second on wild pitch by Canning , Bregman to third on wild pitch by Canning . Gurriel walked . Reddick walked , Bregman scored , Gurriel to second , Alvarez to third . Chirinos struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . James pitching for Astros . Fletcher flied out to center . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . Ohtani struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Canning pitching for Angels . Kemp struck out swinging . Straw walked . Springer singled to right , Straw to third . Straw scored on Canning wild pitch , Springer to second on wild pitch by Canning . Altuve walked , Springer to third on wild pitch by Canning . Altuve to second on wild pitch by Canning . Bregman singled to center , Springer scored , Altuve to third . Cole pitching for Angels . Alvarez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Bregman out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Valdez pitching for Astros . Upton struck out looking . Pujols grounded out to third . Calhoun singled to left . Smith walked , Calhoun to second . Smith to second on wild pitch by Valdez , Calhoun to third on wild pitch by Valdez . Rengifo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Cole pitching for Angels . Gurriel struck out swinging . Reddick grounded out to shortstop . Chirinos hit by pitch . Kemp singled to center , Chirinos to second . Straw grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kemp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Valdez pitching for Astros . Hermosillo struck out looking . Fletcher grounded out to second . Simmons homered to left ( 395 feet ) . Ohtani lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Cole pitching for Angels . Springer lined out to right . Altuve struck out swinging . Bregman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Upton doubled to left . Pujols doubled to right , Upton scored . Pujols to third on passed ball by Chirinos . Calhoun grounded out to second . Smith hit sacrifice fly to right , Pujols scored . Rengifo grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Cole pitching for Angels . Alvarez singled to right . Gurriel singled to left , Alvarez to second . Reddick grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gurriel out at second , Alvarez to third . Anderson pitching for Angels . Chirinos walked . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chirinos out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Hermosillo walked . Fletcher doubled to shallow right , Hermosillo to third . Simmons grounded out to shortstop , Hermosillo scored . Ohtani walked . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Ohtani safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Valdez , Fletcher to third . Pujols singled to right , Fletcher scored and Ohtani scored , Upton to third . Calhoun walked , Pujols to second . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Upton scored , Calhoun out at second , Pujols to third . Rengifo struck out looking . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Angels . Straw walked . Springer homered to right ( 397 feet ) , Straw scored . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . Bregman lined out to shortstop . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Alvarez flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Smith pitching for Astros . Hermosillo flied out to right . Fletcher doubled to deep left . Simmons grounded out to second , Fletcher to third . Ohtani lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Gurriel flied out to right . Reddick walked . Chirinos flied out to center . Kemp singled to right center , Reddick to third . Brantley hit for Straw . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kemp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Altuve at shortstop . Kemp at second base . Brantley in left field . McHugh pitching for Astros . Upton singled to shallow right . Pujols singled to center , Upton to third . Calhoun flied out to right . Smith doubled to right , Pujols scored on error by shortstop Altuve and Upton scored on error by shortstop Altuve . Rengifo struck out looking . Hermosillo struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Buttrey pitching for Angels . Springer homered to center ( 430 feet ) . Altuve flied out to center . Bregman grounded out to shortstop . Alvarez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Fletcher fouled out to third . Simmons grounded out to second . Ohtani flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Robles pitching for Angels . Gurriel singled to left . Reddick flied out to center . Chirinos struck out swinging . Gurriel to second on fielder 's indifference . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 6 - Angels 9 .	Pujols ' 3 hits , 3 RBIs power streaking Halos past Astros 9 - 6