Pirates - Top 1st . Peters pitching for Angels . Newman walked . Reynolds hit by pitch , Newman to second . Marte hit by pitch , Reynolds to second , Newman to third . Bell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Newman scored , Marte out at second , Reynolds to third . Cabrera singled to right , Reynolds scored . Moran grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Archer pitching for Pirates . Goodwin struck out swinging . Trout struck out swinging . Ohtani singled to right . Calhoun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Peters pitching for Angels . Díaz grounded out to third . Frazier struck out swinging . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Archer pitching for Pirates . Pujols grounded out to third . Fletcher grounded out to pitcher . Rengifo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Peters pitching for Angels . Newman hit by pitch . Newman picked off and caught stealing second . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . Marte struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Archer pitching for Pirates . Bemboom struck out swinging . Tovar grounded out to first . Goodwin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Peters pitching for Angels . Bell grounded out to third . Cabrera grounded out to third . Moran singled to center . Díaz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Moran out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Archer pitching for Pirates . Trout walked . Ohtani struck out swinging . Calhoun struck out swinging . Trout stole second . Pujols singled to right , Trout scored . Pujols to second on wild pitch by Archer . Fletcher doubled to deep left center , Pujols scored . Rengifo doubled to left , Fletcher scored on error by left fielder Reynolds and Rengifo scored on error by left fielder Reynolds . Bemboom struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Peters pitching for Angels . Frazier lined out to left . González grounded out to first . Newman tripled to deep right center . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Archer pitching for Pirates . Tovar lined out to second . Goodwin singled to right . Trout struck out looking . Ohtani walked , Goodwin to second . Ohtani to second on wild pitch by Archer , Goodwin to third on wild pitch by Archer . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Peters pitching for Angels . Marte singled to center . Marte stole second . Bell struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . Moran lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Kela pitching for Pirates . Pujols flied out to center . Fletcher grounded out to second . Rengifo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Buttrey pitching for Angels . Díaz walked . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Díaz safe at third on error by second baseman Rengifo . González grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Díaz scored , Frazier out at second . Newman struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 7th . Crick pitching for Pirates . Bemboom flied out to left . Tovar singled to right . Goodwin struck out looking . Trout struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Reynolds struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to second . Bell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Hartlieb pitching for Pirates . Ohtani singled to center . Calhoun singled to left , Ohtani to second . Calhoun to second on wild pitch by Hartlieb , Ohtani to third on wild pitch by Hartlieb . Pujols singled to center , Ohtani scored and Calhoun scored , Pujols to second . Fletcher sacrificed to pitcher , Pujols to third . Rengifo singled to right , Pujols scored . Bemboom struck out looking . Rengifo caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Geoff Hartlieb pitches to Wilfredo Tovar . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Robles pitching for Angels . Cabrera reached on infield single to second . Moran grounded out to second , Cabrera to second . Díaz singled to right , Cabrera scored . Díaz to second on wild pitch by Robles . Frazier popped out to second . Reyes hit for González . Reyes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 4 - Angels 7 .	Pujols sets record for hits by foreign - born player