Angels - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Astros . Fletcher popped out to first . Trout popped out to first . Ohtani flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Suarez pitching for Angels . Springer walked . Altuve sacrificed to pitcher , Springer to second . Brantley lined out to left . Bregman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Astros . Calhoun singled to center . Upton singled to center , Calhoun to second . Pujols singled to right center , Calhoun scored , Upton to third . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Upton scored , Pujols out at second . Thaiss grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Simmons out at second . Bemboom grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Thaiss out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Suarez pitching for Angels . Gurriel lined out to center . Chirinos grounded out to shortstop . Toro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Astros . Fletcher reached on infield single to pitcher . Trout struck out swinging . Ohtani grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Fletcher out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Suarez pitching for Angels . Marisnick walked . Reddick singled to shallow center , Marisnick to second . Springer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reddick out at second , Marisnick to third . Altuve singled to center , Marisnick scored . Brantley singled to center , Altuve to third . Bregman popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Astros . Calhoun doubled to deep right . Upton popped out to second . Pujols grounded out to third . Simmons flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Suarez pitching for Angels . Gurriel lined out to left . Chirinos doubled to deep center . Toro reached on infield single to second . Marisnick singled to right center , Chirinos scored , Toro to third . Reddick struck out swinging . Springer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Marisnick out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Astros . Thaiss doubled to right . Bemboom grounded out to shortstop , Thaiss to third . Fletcher grounded out to shortstop . Trout popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Suarez pitching for Angels . Altuve flied out to center . Brantley struck out swinging . Bregman doubled to left . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Gurriel homered to right ( 355 feet ) , Bregman scored . Chirinos struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Astros . Ohtani safe at first on error by second baseman Altuve . Calhoun singled to right center , Ohtani to third . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ohtani scored , Calhoun out at second . Pujols singled to left , Upton to second . Simmons grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Pujols out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 6th . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Toro reached on infield single to first . Toro caught stealing second , catcher to second . Marisnick singled to left . Marisnick caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Reddick grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Greinke pitching for Astros . Thaiss grounded out to pitcher . Bemboom singled to shallow center . Fletcher singled to right , Bemboom to third . Trout flied out to center . Harris pitching for Astros . Ohtani struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Springer grounded out to shortstop . Altuve singled to shallow left . Brantley grounded out to second , Altuve to second . García pitching for Angels . Bregman singled to center , Altuve scored . Gurriel singled to right , Bregman to second . Chirinos struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Rondón pitching for Astros . Calhoun homered to right center ( 411 feet ) . Upton flied out to center . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Simmons grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Del Pozo pitching for Angels . Toro grounded out to third . Marisnick struck out swinging . Reddick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Osuna pitching for Astros . Thaiss grounded out to first . Goodwin hit for Bemboom . Goodwin struck out swinging . Fletcher grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 4 - Astros 5 .	Greinke wins again as Astros get 5 - 4 victory over Angels