Red Sox - Top 1st . Peters pitching for Angels . Betts singled to center . Devers grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Betts out at second . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Martinez doubled to deep right center , Devers scored . Travis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Taylor pitching for Red Sox . Fletcher singled to left center . Trout walked , Fletcher to second . Goodwin struck out swinging . Pujols walked , Trout to second , Fletcher to third . Upton struck out looking . Calhoun flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Peters pitching for Angels . Benintendi flied out to center . Vázquez flied out to center . Holt reached on infield single to pitcher . León popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Walden pitching for Red Sox . Simmons reached on infield single to shortstop . Rengifo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Simmons out at second . Rengifo to second on wild pitch by Walden . Smith walked . Fletcher flied out to center . Trout singled to right , Rengifo scored , Smith to third . Trout stole second . Goodwin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Peters pitching for Angels . Betts doubled to left . Devers grounded out to second , Betts to third . Bogaerts lined out to first . Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop , Betts scored . Travis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez safe at second on error by third baseman Fletcher . Benintendi singled to center , Martinez scored , Benintendi to second , Travis to third . Vázquez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Pujols doubled to right . Upton flied out to right , Pujols to third . Calhoun doubled to right , Pujols scored . Simmons flied out to left . Rengifo doubled to deep right center , Calhoun scored . Smith grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Peters pitching for Angels . Holt doubled to right center . León sacrificed to pitcher , Holt to third . Betts hit sacrifice fly to center , Holt scored . Devers lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Fletcher grounded out to second . Trout struck out swinging . Goodwin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Peters pitching for Angels . Bogaerts flied out to right . Martinez lined out to left . Travis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Pujols flied out to left . Upton struck out swinging . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Peters pitching for Angels . Benintendi fouled out to third . Vázquez struck out swinging . Holt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Simmons flied out to center . Rengifo grounded out to third . Smith fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Peters pitching for Angels . León struck out swinging . Buttrey pitching for Angels . Betts hit by pitch . Betts stole second . Devers flied out to left . Bogaerts fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Fletcher grounded out to shortstop . Trout struck out swinging . Goodwin doubled to deep right . Pujols grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . García pitching for Angels . Martinez walked . Hernández hit for Travis . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Martinez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher García . Benintendi sacrificed to third , Hernández to second , Martinez to third . Moreland hit for Vázquez . Moreland walked . Holt grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Moreland out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Betts in right field . Bradley Jr. in center field . Hernández as designated hitter . Moreland at first base . Brasier pitching for Red Sox . Upton singled to left . Calhoun singled to right , Upton to second . Simmons singled to left , Upton scored , Calhoun to second . Ohtani hit for Rengifo . Ohtani struck out swinging . Thaiss hit for Smith . Thaiss flied out to center . Fletcher doubled to left , Calhoun scored , Simmons to third . Trout intentionally walked . Goodwin singled to right center , Fletcher scored and Simmons scored , Trout to third . Smith pitching for Red Sox . Goodwin stole second . Pujols homered to right center ( 378 feet ) , Trout scored and Goodwin scored . Upton struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Fletcher at second base . Stassi catching . Thaiss at third base . Rodríguez pitching for Angels . León grounded out to shortstop . Betts singled to deep right . Devers grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Betts out at second . Bogaerts hit ground rule double to deep left , Devers to third . Bradley Jr. walked . Hernández grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 4 - Angels 10 .	Pujols , Trout help Angels rally for 10 - 4 win over Red Sox