Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Bloomquist flied out to center. Parra struck out swinging. Upton hit by pitch. Kubel singled to shallow left, Upton to second. Montero singled to center, Upton scored, Kubel out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Murphy grounded out to third. Ramirez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Hill singled to left. Overbay walked, Hill to second. Roberts walked, Hill to third, Overbay to second. Saunders hit sacrifice fly to right, Hill scored. Bloomquist singled to right, Overbay to third, Roberts to second. Parra struck out swinging. Upton flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Morrison flied out to center. Infante grounded out to third. Stanton fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Kubel singled to center. Montero grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kubel out at second. Hill singled to center. Overbay singled to center, Hill to second. Roberts flied out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez singled to right. Buck grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sanchez out at second. Zambrano grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Buck out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Saunders grounded out to second. Bloomquist grounded out to third. Parra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonifacio popped out to first. Murphy popped out to second. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Upton grounded out to third. Kubel singled to right. Montero grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kubel out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Morrison struck out swinging. Infante singled to center. Stanton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Infante out at second. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stanton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Hill homered to left (381 feet). Overbay singled to right. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to second, Overbay out at second. Saunders sacrificed to catcher, Roberts to second. Bloomquist grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Buck grounded out to third. Kearns hit for Zambrano. Kearns grounded out to third. Bonifacio grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Parra flied out to right. Upton singled to shallow right. Kubel singled to right, Upton to second. Montero struck out swinging. Webb pitching for Marlins. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Murphy walked. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Murphy out at second. Morrison struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Webb pitching for Marlins. Overbay singled to center. Roberts flied out to right. Saunders flied out to center. Bloomquist lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Infante grounded out to second. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Webb pitching for Marlins. Parra singled to center. Parra stole second. Upton popped out to second. Kubel intentionally walked. Gaudin pitching for Marlins. Montero doubled to deep left center, Parra and Kubel scored. Hill popped out to third. Overbay intentionally walked. Roberts flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Buck walked. Coghlan hit for Gaudin. Coghlan grounded into double play, third to second to first, Buck out at second. Bonifacio reached on infield single to third. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Marlins 0.	Diamondbacks hand Marlins fifth straight loss