Giants - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Blanco struck out swinging. Crawford popped out to third. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Reyes walked. Infante flied out to right. Ramirez popped out to shortstop. Reyes to second on wild pitch by Vogelsong. Dobbs grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Posey singled to center. Pagan grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Posey out at second. Belt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Stanton homered to left center (458 feet). Morrison grounded out to second. Hayes flied out to right. Coghlan grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Arias grounded out to shortstop. Burriss singled to left. Vogelsong struck out bunting foul. Burriss stole second. Blanco walked. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Sanchez flied out to right. Reyes lined out to left. Infante singled to center. Infante stole second. Ramirez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Cabrera singled to left. Cabrera stole second. Posey struck out swinging. Pagan singled to center, Cabrera scored. Belt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pagan out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Dobbs singled to right. Stanton struck out swinging. Morrison flied out to left. Hayes singled to left, Dobbs to second. Coghlan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Arias flied out to right. Burriss grounded out to first. Vogelsong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Sanchez struck out swinging. Reyes grounded out to first. Infante reached on infield single to third. Infante stole second, Infante safe at third on throwing error by catcher Posey. Ramirez walked. Dobbs walked, Ramirez to second. Stanton fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 6th. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Blanco tripled to center. Crawford struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Sanchez. Posey walked. Pagan doubled to right, Blanco and Cabrera scored, Posey to third. Posey scored, Pagan to third on wild pitch by Sanchez. Belt singled to left center, Pagan scored. Webb pitching for Marlins. Arias grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belt out at second. Arias stole second. Burriss grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Morrison flied out to right. Hayes struck out swinging. Coghlan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Webb pitching for Marlins. Vogelsong struck out looking. Blanco singled to center. Blanco stole second, Blanco safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hayes. Crawford walked. Cabrera doubled to left, Blanco and Crawford scored. Posey singled to right, Cabrera to third. Pagan grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera scored, Posey out at second. Belt grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Mattison hit for Webb. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Mattison struck out swinging. Reyes singled to center. Infante singled to left, Reyes to second. Hensley pitching for Giants. Ramirez struck out looking. Dobbs singled to right center, Reyes scored, Infante to second. Stanton reached on infield single to shortstop, Infante to third, Dobbs to second. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Pill at first base. Morrison walked, Infante scored, Dobbs to third, Stanton to second. Hayes struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Dobbs at third base. Mattison in left field. Arias struck out swinging. Burriss walked. Pill singled to right, Burriss to second. Blanco walked, Burriss to third, Pill to second. Crawford doubled to left, Burriss and Pill scored, Blanco to third. Cabrera doubled to left, Blanco and Crawford scored. Posey struck out swinging. Pagan struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Blanco in left field. Sanchez catching. Lopez pitching for Giants. Schierholtz in right field. Coghlan walked. Mattison fouled out to pitcher. Reyes singled to center, Coghlan to second. Infante singled to left, Coghlan to third, Reyes to second. Solano hit for Dunn. Solano singled to shallow center, Coghlan and Reyes scored, Infante to second. Murphy hit for Dobbs. Murphy popped out to shortstop. Stanton doubled to deep center, Infante and Solano scored. Morrison struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Solano at shortstop. Murphy at third base. Schierholtz singled to center. Arias singled to center, Schierholtz to second. Burriss safe at first on error by second baseman Infante, Schierholtz scored, Arias to third. Pill grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arias scored, Burriss out at second. Blanco struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Edlefsen pitching for Giants. Hayes grounded out to third. Coghlan grounded out to shortstop. Mattison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 14 - Marlins 7.	Giants pound out season-best 15 hits in rout   \n\n