Cardinals - Top 1st. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Furcal flied out to right. Jay bunt grounded out to pitcher. Holliday singled to left. Beltran singled to right, Holliday to second. Craig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Reyes grounded out to second. Ramirez flied out to left. Stanton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Freese struck out looking. Descalso walked. Westbrook struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Morrison grounded out to first. Dobbs lined out to third. Infante singled to center. Cousins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Furcal grounded out to first. Jay struck out swinging. Holliday flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Buck walked. Nolasco sacrificed to first, Buck to second. Reyes doubled to deep left, Buck scored, Reyes out stretching at third. Ramirez singled to center. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Beltran flied out to center. Craig lined out to shortstop. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Morrison grounded out to second. Dobbs flied out to center. Infante grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Freese singled to center. Descalso flied out to center. Westbrook sacrificed to catcher, Freese to second. Furcal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Cousins singled to left. Cousins caught stealing second, catcher to second. Buck singled to center. Nolasco sacrificed to pitcher, Buck to second. Reyes singled to right, Buck scored. Ramirez walked, Reyes to second. Stanton flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Jay grounded out to pitcher. Holliday flied out to center. Beltran walked. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beltran out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Morrison grounded out to second. Dobbs grounded out to first. Infante grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Molina flied out to right. Freese singled to center. Descalso flied out to right. Schumaker hit for Westbrook. Schumaker walked, Freese to second. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freese to third, Schumaker safe at second on error by second baseman Infante. Choate pitching for Marlins. Robinson hit for Jay. Freese scored, Schumaker to third, Furcal to second on passed ball by Buck. Robinson walked. Mujica pitching for Marlins. Holliday reached on infield single to first, Robinson hit by batted ball out at first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Robinson in center field. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Cousins doubled to deep right. Buck walked. Solano hit for Mujica. Solano sacrificed to pitcher, Cousins to third, Buck to second. Sanchez pitching for Cardinals. Reyes intentionally walked. Ramirez walked, Cousins scored, Buck to third, Reyes to second. Stanton walked, Buck scored, Reyes to third, Ramirez to second. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Morrison grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reyes scored, Stanton out at second, Ramirez to third. Dobbs reached on infield single to shortstop, Ramirez scored, Morrison to second. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dobbs out at second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Ruggiano in left field. Beltran walked. Craig struck out looking. Molina singled to right center, Beltran to second. Freese safe at first on error by third baseman Ramirez, Beltran advanced to third on Ramirez error, Molina advanced to second on Ramirez error, Beltran scored, Molina to third on throwing error by third baseman Ramirez. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Descalso struck out looking. Carpenter hit for Rzepczynski. Carpenter struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Cousins grounded out to second. Buck flied out to right. Ruggiano flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Bell pitching for Marlins. Furcal walked. Robinson struck out looking. Holliday doubled to deep right center, Furcal to third. Beltran singled to right, Furcal scored, Holliday to third. Craig hit sacrifice fly to right, Holliday scored. Beltran to second on fielder's indifference. Molina homered to left (365 feet), Beltran scored. Freese grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Reyes struck out swinging. Marte pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at third base. Greene at second base. Cruz at first base. Ramirez singled to center. Stanton walked, Ramirez to second. Sanchez hit for Bell. Sanchez grounded into double play, second to first, Stanton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 10th. Gaudin pitching for Marlins. Descalso popped out to shortstop. Greene singled to left. Furcal doubled to left, Greene scored. Robinson grounded out to pitcher. Holliday hit by pitch. Beltran intentionally walked, Furcal to third, Holliday to second. Kelly hit for Marte. Kelly reached on infield single to shortstop, Furcal scored, Holliday to third, Beltran to second. Molina struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 10th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Dobbs struck out swinging. Infante doubled to deep center. Cousins struck out swinging. Buck singled to left, Infante scored. Hayes ran for Buck. Ruggiano walked, Hayes to second. Reyes lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 8 - Marlins 7.	Cards overcome 5-run deficit to down Marlins