Marlins - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Reyes singled to left. Ramirez singled to left, Reyes to second. Stanton walked, Reyes to third, Ramirez to second. Morrison struck out swinging. Ruggiano singled to left, Reyes and Ramirez scored, Stanton to second. Dobbs lined out to left. Infante grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Gomez grounded out to shortstop. Morgan grounded out to second. Braun hit by pitch. Ramirez walked, Braun to second. Hart walked, Braun to third, Ramirez to second. Weeks walked, Braun scored, Ramirez to third, Hart to second. Maldonado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Weeks out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Buck flied out to center. Zambrano grounded out to second. Reyes safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Izturis. Reyes picked off first. Ramirez batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Izturis tripled to deep right center. Greinke hit sacrifice fly to center, Izturis scored. Gomez struck out swinging. Morgan fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Ramirez walked. Stanton grounded out to pitcher, Ramirez to second. Morrison doubled to deep right, Ramirez scored. Ruggiano homered to left (398 feet), Morrison scored. Dobbs grounded out to third. Infante grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Braun flied out to right. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Hart flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Buck grounded out to second. Zambrano flied out to center. Reyes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Weeks struck out swinging. Maldonado flied out to right. Izturis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Ramirez flied out to left. Stanton grounded out to third. Morrison grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Greinke grounded out to first. Gomez homered to left (398 feet). Morgan safe at second on error by third baseman Ramirez, Morgan advanced to first on Ramirez error, Morgan tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. Braun singled to right. Ramirez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Ruggiano struck out swinging. Dobbs singled to center. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dobbs out at second. Buck struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Hayes catching. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Hart safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Ramirez. Weeks walked. Maldonado reached on bunt single to third, Hart to third, Weeks to second. Izturis grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Hart out at home, Weeks to third, Maldonado to second. Ishikawa hit for Greinke. Ishikawa singled to center, Weeks and Maldonado scored. Gomez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 7th. Loe pitching for Brewers. Kearns hit for Zambrano. Kearns struck out looking. Reyes flied out to center. Ramirez lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Webb pitching for Marlins. Morgan bunt grounded out to catcher. Braun grounded out to first. Ramirez hit by pitch. Hart grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Brewers. Stanton doubled to deep left. Morrison grounded out to first, Stanton to third. Ruggiano grounded out to third. Dobbs intentionally walked. Infante walked, Dobbs to second. Hayes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Webb pitching for Marlins. Weeks doubled to deep left. Maldonado singled to right, Weeks to third. Aoki hit for Izturis. Choate pitching for Marlins. Aoki reached on bunt single to first, Weeks scored, Maldonado to second. Ransom hit for Rodriguez. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Ransom sacrificed to third, Maldonado to third, Aoki to second. Gomez struck out swinging. Morgan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Axford pitching for Brewers. Aoki in right field. Ransom at shortstop. Cousins hit for Cishek. Cousins struck out swinging. Reyes grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Brewers 6.	Brewers top Marlins on Aoki's safety squeeze