Marlins - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop. Solano grounded out to shortstop. Reyes doubled to left, Reyes out stretching at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Young flied out to center. Hill grounded out to second. Kubel homered to right (439 feet). Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Lee singled to left. Stanton struck out swinging. Ruggiano singled to left, Lee to second. Buck grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ruggiano out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Upton flied out to center. Montero fouled out to third. Johnson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Murphy grounded out to third. Buehrle struck out swinging. Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Elmore singled to left. Saunders sacrificed to third, Elmore to second. Young struck out looking. Hill grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Solano singled to center. Reyes singled to shallow right, Solano to third. Lee reached on infield single to second, Solano scored, Reyes to second. Stanton homered to left (442 feet), Reyes and Lee scored. Ruggiano homered to center (442 feet). Buck singled to left center. Murphy flied out to center. Buehrle bunt popped out to pitcher. Bonifacio reached on infield single to third, Buck to second. Solano singled to right, Buck scored, Bonifacio to third. Reyes doubled to deep left, Bonifacio and Solano scored. Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks. Lee singled to center, Reyes scored, Lee thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 9 Runs, 10 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Kubel struck out looking. Goldschmidt singled to left. Upton singled to left, Goldschmidt to second. Montero struck out swinging. Johnson singled to left, Goldschmidt scored, Upton to second. Elmore flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton struck out swinging. Ruggiano grounded out to shortstop. Buck singled to right. Murphy tripled to deep center, Buck scored. Buehrle struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Bergesen grounded out to second. Young popped out to second. Hill flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonifacio flied out to left. Solano flied out to right. Reyes doubled to deep right. Lee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Kubel struck out swinging. Goldschmidt flied out to right. Upton singled to right. Montero flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton homered to left (398 feet). Ruggiano fouled out to first. Buck homered to right (411 feet). Murphy singled to left. Buehrle grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Murphy out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Hernandez in center field. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Johnson flied out to center. Elmore grounded out to shortstop. Nieves hit for Bergesen. Nieves grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Wheeler at first base. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Nieves catching. Hernandez grounded out to second. Solano walked. Solano to second on wild pitch by Shaw. Reyes grounded out to first, Solano to third. Lee grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Hatcher pitching for Marlins. Young doubled to deep right center. Hill flied out to center, Young to third. Kubel grounded out to second, Young scored. Wheeler singled to center. Upton flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Elmore. Petersen hit for Ruggiano. Petersen struck out swinging. Buck singled to center, Stanton to second. Murphy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Buck out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Petersen in left field. Parra hit for Ziegler. Hatcher pitching for Marlins. Parra flied out to right. Johnson flied out to right. Elmore singled to center. Nieves grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 12 - Diamondbacks 3.	Stanton launches 2 as Marlins drub D-backs