Blue Jays - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Stewart singled to center. Catalanotto popped out to shallow right center. Wells grounded into double play, third to second to first, Stewart out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays. Soriano hit by pitch. Soriano stole second. Johnson grounded out to third, Soriano to third advancing on throw. Ja Giambi singled to shallow center, Soriano scored. Williams walked, Ja Giambi to second. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to third, Williams out at second, Ja Giambi to third. Posada struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Delgado singled to deep right. Phelps grounded into fielder's choice to third, Delgado out at second. Wilson singled to shallow left, Phelps to second. Hinske struck out swinging. Woodward popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays. Ventura walked. Mondesi safe at first on error by third baseman Hinske, Ventura to second. Wilson sacrificed to pitcher, Ventura to third, Mondesi to second. Soriano intentionally walked. Johnson grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Ventura out at home. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Berg flied out to deep right. Stewart struck out swinging. Catalanotto reached on infield single to shortstop. Wells doubled to deep right center, Catalanotto scored. Delgado reached on infield single to first, Wells scored, Delgado out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays. Ja Giambi flied out to center. Williams walked. Matsui walked, Williams to second. Posada homered to right, Williams and Matsui scored. Ventura flied out to center. Mondesi struck out looking. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Phelps flied out to center. Wilson struck out swinging. Hinske grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays. Wilson grounded out to second. Soriano flied out to right. Johnson walked. Ja Giambi walked, Johnson to second. Williams grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Woodward singled to left. Berg flied out to deep center. Woodward to second on wild pitch by Pettitte. Stewart singled to right center, Woodward scored. Catalanotto singled to right, Stewart to second, Stewart to third on error by right fielder Mondesi. Anderson pitching for Yankees. Wells hit sacrifice fly to deep center, Stewart scored, Catalanotto to second. Delgado intentionally walked. Phelps walked, Catalanotto to third, Delgado to second. Wilson walked, Catalanotto scored, Delgado to third, Phelps to second. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Hinske singled to left, Delgado scored, Phelps to third, Wilson to second. Woodward flied out to right. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays. Matsui singled to right. Posada struck out looking. Ventura flied out to left. Mondesi homered to left, Matsui scored. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Wilson doubled to right. Soriano reached on infield single to third, Wilson to third. Soriano stole second. Johnson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Berg singled to right. Stewart walked, Berg to second. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Wells grounded into double play, second to first, Stewart out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Ja Giambi walked. Williams walked, Ja Giambi to second. Matsui homered to right, Ja Giambi and Williams scored. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Posada walked. Ventura flied out to deep right. Tam pitching for Blue Jays. Mondesi safe at first on error by left fielder Stewart, Posada to second. Wilson grounded out to first, Posada to third, Mondesi to second. Soriano reached on infield single to shortstop, Posada scored, Mondesi to third. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Delgado walked. Phelps flied out to right. Wilson walked, Delgado to second. Hinske singled to left, Delgado scored, Wilson to second. Woodward walked, Wilson to third, Hinske to second. Myers hit for Berg. Myers struck out looking. Creek pitching for Blue Jays. Hudson at second base. Stewart struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Creek pitching for Blue Jays. Ja Giambi fouled out to third. Williams struck out swinging. Matsui walked. Posada hit by pitch, Matsui to second. Ventura flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Osuna pitching for Yankees. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Wells singled to left. Delgado doubled to deep center, Wells to third. Acevedo pitching for Yankees. Phelps hit by pitch. Wilson popped out to shallow right. Hinske grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Linton pitching for Blue Jays. Mondesi walked. Wilson flied out to left center. Soriano struck out swinging. Mondesi caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Johnson batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Acevedo pitching for Yankees. Woodward walked. Hudson doubled to left, Woodward to third. Stewart singled to right, Woodward scored, Hudson to third. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Catalanotto grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Hudson scored, Stewart out at second. Wells flied out to deep center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 9 - Yankees 10.	Matsui homer makes winner of Contreras