Angels - Top 1st. Eckstein singled to center. Kennedy flied out to left. Eckstein to second on passed ball by Posada. Salmon struck out looking. Anderson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Soriano walked. Soriano stole second. Jeter fouled out to first. Ja Giambi struck out swinging. Williams grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Glaus reached on infield single to third. Fullmer struck out swinging. Spiezio grounded into fielder's choice to second, Glaus out at second. Molina singled to shallow center, Spiezio to second. Owens popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Matsui popped out to shallow right center. Posada flied out to left. Ventura grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Eckstein reached on infield single to second. Kennedy popped out to third. Salmon popped out to shallow right. Anderson homered to right, Eckstein scored. Glaus grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Mondesi grounded out to second. Johnson struck out looking. Soriano popped out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Fullmer walked. Fullmer caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Spiezio homered to right. Molina popped out to shortstop. Owens grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Jeter popped out to shallow right center. Ja Giambi grounded out to second. Williams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Eckstein flied out to right center. Kennedy walked. Salmon grounded out to catcher, Kennedy to second. Anderson safe at first on error by second baseman Soriano, Kennedy scored. Glaus popped out to shallow left center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Matsui singled to shallow center. Posada flied out to center. Ventura homered to right, Matsui scored. Mondesi popped out to shallow center. Johnson doubled to center. Soriano grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Hitchcock pitching for Yankees. Fullmer grounded out to first. Spiezio grounded out to third. Molina singled to center. Owens grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Jeter flied out to shallow right. Ja Giambi singled to center. Williams grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ja Giambi out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Eckstein doubled to left. Kennedy sacrificed into fielder's choice to first, Eckstein to third. Salmon singled to left, Eckstein scored, Kennedy to second. Anderson flied out to shallow left center. Kennedy stole third, Salmon stole second. Glaus intentionally walked. Fullmer singled to shallow center, Kennedy scored, Salmon to third, Glaus to second. Spiezio grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Fullmer out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Schoeneweis pitching for Angels. Matsui grounded out to second. Posada grounded out to second. Ventura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Reyes pitching for Yankees. Molina grounded out to third. Owens flied out to right. Eckstein walked. Kennedy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Mondesi doubled to deep left. Johnson flied out to shallow left center. Soriano flied out to deep left. Jeter singled to right, Mondesi to third, Mondesi scored, Jeter to second on throwing error by right fielder Salmon. Ja Giambi popped out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Acevedo pitching for Yankees. Salmon walked. Davanon ran for Salmon. Anderson flied out to right. Glaus hit ground rule double to left, Davanon to third. Fullmer intentionally walked. Spiezio homered to right, Davanon, Glaus and Fullmer scored. Molina walked. Owens grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina out at second. Eckstein singled to right, Owens to second. Davanon in right field. Percival pitching for Angels. Kennedy flied out to shallow center. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Williams singled to left center. Matsui flied out to deep left center. Posada grounded into fielder's choice to first, Williams out at second. Ventura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Yankees 3.	Mussina merely mortal to Angels, loses first