Yankees - Top 1st. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Soriano singled to right. Jeter struck out swinging. Soriano stole second. Ja Giambi walked. Sierra walked, Soriano to third, Ja Giambi to second. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Soriano scored, Sierra out at second, Ja Giambi to third. Posada grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Matos tripled to right center. Mora hit sacrifice fly to right center, Matos scored. Conine struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Ventura struck out swinging. Mondesi fouled out to first. Garcia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Gibbons grounded out to second. Batista flied out to deep left. Surhoff singled to center. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. Jeter singled to left center. Ja Giambi flied out to right. Sierra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Fordyce singled to center. Fordyce caught stealing second, catcher to second. Roberts singled to center. Matos grounded into fielder's choice to second, Roberts safe at second on error by shortstop Jeter. Roberts stole third, Matos stole second. Mora grounded out to third, Roberts scored. Conine intentionally walked. Gibbons grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 4th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Matsui flied out to left. Posada struck out swinging. Ventura grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Batista singled to left. Surhoff popped out to second. Cruz homered to left, Batista scored. Fordyce grounded out to shortstop. Roberts singled to left. Roberts stole second. Matos flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Mondesi doubled to left. Garcia homered to right, Mondesi scored. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. Jeter grounded out to second. Ja Giambi singled to center. Sierra singled to center, Ja Giambi to second. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sierra out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Mora popped out to first. Conine singled to right. Gibbons singled to right, Conine to third, Gibbons to second on throwing error by right fielder Mondesi. Batista intentionally walked. Surhoff grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Conine out at home, Gibbons to third, Batista to second. Cruz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Posada singled to left. Ventura singled to left, Posada to second. Mondesi grounded out to shortstop, Posada to third, Ventura to second. Garcia struck out swinging. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Fordyce singled to right. Roberts bunt popped out foul to first. Matos popped out to second. Mora walked. Conine flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Jeter singled to left. Ja Giambi singled to deep right, Jeter to third. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Sierra homered to left, Jeter and Ja Giambi scored. Matsui struck out swinging. Posada flied out to center. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Ventura struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Gibbons singled to right. Batista struck out looking. Surhoff fouled out to right, Gibbons to second. Cruz flied out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles. Mondesi flied out to left center. Garcia singled to center. Soriano lined out to left. Garcia caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Jeter batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Fordyce singled to left, Fordyce out stretching at second. Roberts flied out to left. Matos singled to shallow center. Mora flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Julio pitching for Orioles. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Ja Giambi walked. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Sierra grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Ja Giambi out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Conine grounded out to third. Gibbons singled to left. Batista singled to left, Gibbons to third, Gibbons scored, Batista to second on error by left fielder Garcia. Morban ran for Batista. Surhoff grounded out to first, Morban to third. Cruz grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Yankees 6 - Orioles 5.	Sierra goes 'Yards', lifts Yankees to 8th straight