Mariners - Top 1st. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Suzuki grounded out to second. Sanchez singled to left. Boone struck out swinging. Martinez singled to right, Sanchez to third. Olerud singled to right, Sanchez scored, Martinez to third. Cameron struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Soriano struck out swinging. Williams walked. Jeter singled to left center, Williams to second. Giambi singled to right, Williams to third, Jeter to second. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Williams out at home, Jeter to third, Giambi to second. Posada flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Winn struck out swinging. Wilson doubled to left. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Boone grounded out to third. Johnson flied out to left. Dellucci grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Sanchez singled to center. Boone popped out to shortstop. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Soriano flied out to center. Williams flied out to right. Jeter homered to left. Giambi flied out to shallow right center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Olerud flied out to left. Cameron doubled to deep right center. Winn grounded out to third. Wilson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Matsui singled to left. Posada singled to center, Matsui to second. Boone hit into fielder's choice to right, Posada out at second, Matsui to third. Johnson grounded out to shortstop, Matsui scored, Boone to second. Dellucci homered to right, Boone scored. Soriano flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Bloomquist lined out to shortstop. Suzuki grounded out to second. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Williams singled to center. Jeter singled to center, Williams to second. Giambi popped out to catcher. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jeter out at second, Williams to third. Posada flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Boone flied out to left. Martinez struck out swinging, Martinez safe at first on wild pitch by Clemens. Olerud singled to left, Martinez to second. Cameron struck out swinging. Winn grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Boone struck out swinging. Johnson walked. Dellucci struck out looking. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Wilson doubled to left. Bloomquist walked. Orosco pitching for Yankees. Suzuki doubled to left center, Wilson scored, Bloomquist to third. Nelson pitching for Yankees. Sanchez lined out to shortstop. Boone singled to right, Bloomquist and Suzuki scored, Boone to second advancing on throw. Martinez struck out swinging. Olerud intentionally walked. Cameron walked, Boone to third, Olerud to second. Winn singled to right, Boone and Olerud scored, Cameron to third. Osuna pitching for Yankees. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Wilson flied out to deep right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Williams doubled to left center. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Giambi walked. Matsui flied out to deep center, Williams to third. Posada doubled to left center, Williams and Giambi scored, Posada to third advancing on throw. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Boone popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Osuna pitching for Yankees. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki reached on bunt single to second. Sanchez hit by pitch, Suzuki to second. Boone struck out swinging. Martinez walked, Suzuki to third, Sanchez to second. Olerud walked, Suzuki scored, Sanchez to third, Martinez to second. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Cameron popped out to shallow center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. Dellucci struck out swinging. Soriano grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Winn doubled to deep left. Wilson sacrificed to third, Winn to third. Bloomquist hit ground rule double to right, Winn scored. Suzuki flied out to center, Bloomquist to third. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Sanchez flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Williams walked. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Williams out at second. Giambi struck out looking. Matsui walked, Jeter to second. Posada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 8 - Yankees 6.	M's exploit shaky Yankee 'pen