Tigers - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Sanchez grounded out to first. Klassen struck out swinging. Higginson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Soriano singled to center. Soriano stole second. Johnson walked. Jeter struck out swinging. Giambi popped out to second. Williams walked, Soriano to third, Johnson to second. Posada singled to center, Soriano and Johnson scored, Williams to second. Matsui doubled to deep right center, Williams and Posada scored. Boone lined out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Young struck out swinging. Monroe grounded out to second. Pena singled to right center. Halter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Garcia flied out to right. Soriano fouled out to catcher. Johnson homered to right. Jeter grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Inge struck out swinging. Santiago walked. Sanchez walked, Santiago to second. Klassen grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Santiago scored on throwing error by pitcher Pettitte, Sanchez to third. Higginson singled to shallow center, Sanchez scored, Klassen to second. Young struck out swinging. Monroe walked, Klassen to third, Higginson to second. Pena safe at first on error by first baseman Johnson, Klassen and Higginson scored, Monroe to third. Halter struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Giambi struck out looking. Williams struck out swinging. Posada singled to right. Posada out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Matsui batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Inge grounded out to first. Santiago fouled out to first. Sanchez singled to center. Klassen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Matsui homered to left center. Boone singled to left. Garcia safe at second on error by first baseman Pena, Boone to third. Soriano struck out swinging. Johnson walked. Eckenstahler pitching for Tigers. Jeter singled to right, Boone scored, Garcia to third, Johnson to second. Giambi hit by pitch, Garcia scored, Johnson to third, Jeter to second. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Williams walked, Johnson scored, Jeter to third, Giambi to second. Posada grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jeter scored, Williams out at second, Giambi to third. Matsui struck out looking. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Higginson struck out swinging. Young grounded out to second. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Monroe grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Boone grounded out to third. Garcia singled to right. Soriano struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Pena grounded out to second. Halter safe at first on error by first baseman Johnson. Hinch catching. Hinch catching. Inge grounded into double play, third to second to first, Halter out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Jeter struck out looking. Giambi walked. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Williams grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Giambi out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Santiago doubled to deep left. Sanchez grounded out to pitcher. Klassen fouled out to first. Torres in right field. German pitching for Tigers. Higginson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. German pitching for Tigers. Posada walked. Matsui grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Posada out at second. Boone homered to left. Garcia struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Young flied out to center. Monroe flied out to left. Schmack pitching for Tigers. Pena grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Soriano grounded out to second. Johnson singled to center. Wilson ran for Jeter. Jeter hit by pitch, Johnson to second. Giambi flied out to center. Williams walked, Johnson to third, Wilson to second. Posada homered to right, Johnson, Wilson and Williams scored. Matsui safe at first on error by first baseman Pena. Patterson pitching for Tigers. Boone safe at first on error by left fielder Monroe, Matsui to second. Garcia safe at first on error by first baseman Pena, Matsui to third, Boone to second. Wilson at shortstop. Hernandez catching. De Paula pitching for Yankees. Soriano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Garcia out at second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 3 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. De Paula pitching for Yankees. Halter homered to left. Hinch fouled out to left. Santiago struck out looking. Sanchez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 5 - Yankees 15.	Posada leads way in rout of Tigers