Yankees - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Soriano flied out to right. Jeter grounded out to third. Giambi grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Wells pitching for Yankees. Damon grounded out to second. Walker fouled out to first. Garciaparra walked. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Garciaparra out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Williams grounded out to first. Posada walked. Matsui grounded out to third, Posada to second. Johnson intentionally walked. Boone reached on infield single to third, Posada to third, Johnson to second. Garcia singled to center, Posada and Johnson scored, Boone to second. Soriano singled to right, Boone scored, Garcia to third. Jeter grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Wells pitching for Yankees. Ortiz flied out to right. Millar grounded out to third. Mueller lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Giambi struck out swinging. Williams grounded out to second. Posada grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Wells pitching for Yankees. Nixon hit by pitch. Varitek singled to left, Nixon to second. Damon grounded out to first, Nixon to third, Varitek to second. Walker flied out to left. Garciaparra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Matsui safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Walker. Johnson grounded out to first, Matsui to second. Boone reached on infield single to third. Garcia flied out to left. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Wells pitching for Yankees. Ramirez homered to left. Ortiz singled to center. Millar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ortiz out at second. Mueller struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Jeter grounded out to first. Giambi singled to center. Williams safe at first on error by first baseman Millar, Giambi to third. Posada grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Williams out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Wells pitching for Yankees. Nixon safe at first on error by second baseman Soriano. Varitek struck out swinging. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Nixon out at second. Walker singled to right, Damon to second. Garciaparra walked, Damon to third, Walker to second. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Walker out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Matsui grounded out to second. Johnson grounded out to second. Boone walked. Boone caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Garcia batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Wells pitching for Yankees. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. Millar struck out swinging. Mueller grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Garcia struck out looking. Soriano flied out to left. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Wells pitching for Yankees. Nixon struck out swinging. Varitek grounded out to shortstop. Damon popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Dellucci ran for Giambi. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Giambi walked. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to first, Dellucci out at second. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Posada singled to right, Williams to third. Matsui grounded out to pitcher, Williams scored, Posada to second. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Johnson flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Walker tripled to deep right. Garciaparra grounded out to first, Walker scored. Ramirez struck out swinging. Ortiz singled to center. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Millar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Boone struck out swinging. Garcia walked. Soriano flied out to center. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Garcia out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Mueller grounded out to second. Nixon grounded out to third. Varitek popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 4 - Red Sox 2.	Yankees lead ALCS 3-2