Mets - Top 1st . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Reyes struck out looking . Matsui struck out swinging . Cameron hit ground rule double to deep right center . Floyd walked . Wright grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cameron out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Glavine pitching for Mets . Pierre struck out looking . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Mientkiewicz walked . Diaz grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Mientkiewicz out at second . DiFelice popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Delgado walked . Encarnacion singled to left , Delgado to second . Lowell lined into double play , to first , Encarnacion doubled off first . Gonzalez walked . Treanor reached on infield single to second , Delgado to third , Gonzalez to second . Beckett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Glavine lined out to left . Reyes flied out to center . Matsui flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Pierre grounded out to second . Castillo grounded out to second . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Delgado hit by pitch . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Cameron struck out looking . Floyd walked . Wright grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Floyd out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Lowell flied out to center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Treanor singled to right center . Beckett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Mientkiewicz homered to right . Diaz struck out swinging . DiFelice flied out to center . Glavine struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Pierre reached on bunt single to pitcher . Castillo singled to left , Pierre to second . Cabrera flied out to right , Pierre to third . Delgado singled to left , Pierre scored , Castillo to second . Encarnacion flied out to right . Lowell flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Reyes walked . Matsui singled to center , Reyes to second . Cameron lined out to right . Floyd singled to center , Reyes scored , Matsui to second . Wright grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Floyd out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Gonzalez singled to left . Treanor grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez out at second . Beckett sacrificed to pitcher , Treanor to second . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Bell pitching for Mets . DiFelice fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Bell pitching for Mets . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop . Koo pitching for Mets . Cabrera singled to left , Castillo to second . DeJean pitching for Mets . Delgado homered to right center , Castillo and Cabrera scored . Encarnacion singled to center . Encarnacion to second on wild pitch by DeJean , Encarnacion safe at third on throwing error by catcher DiFelice . Lowell struck out swinging . Gonzalez doubled to left , Encarnacion scored . Conine hit for Beckett . Treanor singled to left , Gonzalez to third . Conine grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez scored , Treanor out at second . Pierre reached on infield single to third , Conine to second . Mota pitching for Marlins . Anderson hit for DeJean . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 8th . Mota pitching for Marlins . Anderson walked . Reyes walked , Anderson to second . Matsui flied out to left . Cameron struck out swinging . Floyd singled to right , Anderson scored , Reyes to second . Heilman pitching for Mets . Wright struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Heilman pitching for Mets . Cabrera struck out swinging . Delgado grounded out to second . Jones pitching for Marlins . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Marlins . Mientkiewicz singled to right . Diaz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mientkiewicz out at second . DiFelice struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 3 - Marlins 6 .	Delgado 's homer on 3 - 0 lifts Marlins past Mets