Marlins - Top 1st . Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre popped out to third . Castillo lined out to right . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Counsell grounded out to first . Tracy popped out to shortstop . Clark walked . Glaus walked , Clark to second . Green fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera flied out to right . Lo Duca singled to left . Conine fouled out to first . Lowell singled to center , Lo Duca to second . Gonzalez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Clayton flied out to center . Terrero singled to center . Stinnett walked , Terrero to second . Gosling struck out bunting foul . Counsell tripled to deep right , Terrero and Stinnett scored . Tracy flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks . Vargas doubled to deep right . Pierre sacrificed to third , Vargas to third . Castillo doubled to deep right , Vargas scored . Delgado grounded out to second , Castillo to third . Cabrera grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Clark singled to center . Glaus grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Clark out at second . Green flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks . Lo Duca singled to left . Conine doubled to deep left , Lo Duca to third . Lowell struck out swinging . Gonzalez lined out to shortstop . Vargas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Clayton grounded out to third . Terrero struck out swinging . Stinnett fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Gosling . Pierre stole second . Castillo walked . Delgado flied out to center , Pierre to third , Castillo to second . Cabrera singled to right , Pierre and Castillo scored . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken in center field . Lo Duca walked , Cabrera to second . Conine grounded into double play , third to first , Cabrera out at third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Marlins . McCracken singled to center . Counsell struck out swinging , McCracken stole second . Tracy safe at second on error by right fielder Conine , McCracken scored . Clark flied out to center . Glaus intentionally walked . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Glaus out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 6th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Lowell grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Riedling pitching for Marlins . Vargas flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Cruz hit for Koplove . Riedling pitching for Marlins . Clayton grounded out to first . Cruz walked . Stinnett grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cruz out at second . De Los Santos pitching for Marlins . McCracken singled to center , Stinnett to second . Counsell singled to right , Stinnett scored , McCracken to third . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre grounded out to second . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . Delgado hit by pitch . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . De Los Santos pitching for Marlins . Clark homered to center . Glaus struck out swinging . Green singled to center . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Cintron hit for Aquino . Clayton hit ground rule double to deep left , Green to third . Cintron intentionally walked . Stinnett struck out swinging . McCracken singled to left , Green and Clayton scored , Cintron to second . Counsell walked , Cintron to third , McCracken to second . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Lo Duca walked . Conine singled to left , Lo Duca to second . Lowell doubled to left , Lo Duca scored , Conine to third . Encarnacion hit for Messenger . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop , Conine scored , Lowell to third . Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Pierre walked . Castillo singled to center , Lowell scored , Gonzalez to third , Pierre to second . Delgado singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Pierre to third , Castillo to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Mota pitching for Marlins . Conine in left field . Encarnacion in right field . Lo Duca grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Mota pitching for Marlins . Clark struck out swinging . Glaus walked . Green singled to right , Glaus to second . Gonzalez hit for Valverde . Clayton walked , Glaus to third , Green to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Stinnett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Conine flied out to right . Lowell reached on infield single to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Lowell stole second . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Mota pitching for Marlins . McCracken flied out to left . Counsell struck out swinging . Tracy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 10th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre popped out to shortstop . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Harris hit for Mota . Delgado walked . Harris walked , Delgado to second . Jones pitching for Marlins . Lo Duca struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Jones pitching for Marlins . Clark struck out swinging . Glaus flied out to center . Green singled to center . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Clayton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 11th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Conine singled to right . Lowell struck out bunting foul . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Conine out at second . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 11th . Jones pitching for Marlins . Medders grounded out to second . Stinnett singled to center . McCracken tripled to deep center , Stinnett scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 7 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Marlins crack after McCracken lifts D - Backs to victory in 11