Marlins - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre singled to right . Pierre caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Castillo walked . Delgado grounded into double play , first to third to pitcher , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Counsell singled to right . Tracy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Counsell out at second . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera singled to left . Lo Duca grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cabrera out at second . Encarnacion struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Glaus popped out to second . Green grounded out to shortstop . Clayton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Moehler grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Cruz bunt grounded out to third . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . Webb reached on infield single to second . Counsell singled to left , Webb to second . Tracy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre flied out to right . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Delgado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez singled to left center . Glaus singled to right , Gonzalez to second . Green singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Glaus to second . Clayton singled to right , Glaus to third , Green to second . Cruz struck out swinging . Snyder popped out to first . Webb grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera singled to left . Lo Duca walked , Cabrera to second . Encarnacion hit ground rule double to deep left , Cabrera scored , Lo Duca to third . Lowell hit sacrifice fly to right , Lo Duca scored . Gonzalez singled to left center , Encarnacion scored , Gonzalez out stretching at second . Moehler grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Counsell struck out looking . Tracy doubled to deep right center . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Tracy to third . Glaus hit ground rule double to deep left , Tracy scored . Green struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre singled to left . Pierre stole second . Pierre to third on wild pitch by Webb . Castillo singled to right , Pierre scored . Delgado homered to center , Castillo scored . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Lo Duca reached on infield single to shortstop . Lo Duca stole second . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Encarnacion homered to left , Lo Duca scored . Lowell struck out looking . Gonzalez doubled to right center . Moehler doubled to deep right center , Gonzalez scored . Pierre popped out to third . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Clayton reached on bunt single to third . Cruz flied out to left . McCracken hit for Aquino . Snyder flied out to center . Almanza pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Almanza pitching for Diamondbacks . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop . Delgado struck out swinging . Cabrera walked , Castillo to second . Lo Duca grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Counsell grounded out to first . Tracy struck out looking . Gonzalez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Almanza pitching for Diamondbacks . Encarnacion doubled to deep right . Lowell flied out to right . Easley hit for Moehler . Gonzalez popped out to second . Conine at first base . Aguila in left field . Smith pitching for Marlins . Easley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Smith pitching for Marlins . Glaus flied out to right . Green reached on infield single to shortstop . Clayton singled to center , Green to second . Cruz singled to right , Green to third , Clayton to second . Clark hit for Almanza . Snyder struck out swinging . Mecir pitching for Marlins . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre grounded out to pitcher . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . De Los Santos pitching for Marlins . Conine grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Cintron hit for Tracy . De Los Santos pitching for Marlins . Counsell grounded out to shortstop . Terrero hit for Gonzalez . Cintron safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Gonzalez . Terrero flied out to center . Cintron to third on wild pitch by De Los Santos . Glaus walked . Green lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Marlins 9 - Diamondbacks 2 .	Marlins knock around Webb , whip Diamondbacks