Cardinals - Top 1st . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Eckstein singled to center . Walker reached on infield single to pitcher , Eckstein to second . Pujols struck out looking . Edmonds grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Walker out at second . Rodriguez walked , Edmonds to second . Mabry grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Pierre grounded out to first . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Molina walked . Nunez flied out to right . Carpenter sacrificed to first , Molina to second . Eckstein singled to left , Molina scored , Eckstein out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Delgado doubled to deep right . Encarnacion bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Delgado out at third . Conine grounded into double play , third to second to first , Encarnacion out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Walker homered to center . Pujols grounded out to third . Edmonds flied out to center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Treanor singled to right . Burnett sacrificed to first , Treanor to second . Pierre walked . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pierre out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Mabry struck out looking . Molina struck out swinging . Nunez walked . Carpenter walked , Nunez to second . Eckstein tripled to deep right , Nunez and Carpenter scored . Walker safe at first on error by third baseman Cabrera , Eckstein scored . Pujols struck out looking . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera struck out swinging . Delgado singled to left center . Encarnacion doubled to left , Delgado to third . Conine hit sacrifice fly to center , Delgado scored . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Edmonds walked . Edmonds to second on wild pitch by Burnett . Rodriguez walked . Mabry sacrificed to third , Edmonds to third , Rodriguez to second . Molina singled to left , Edmonds scored , Rodriguez to third . Grudzielanek at second base . Nunez at third base . Nunez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Molina out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Harris hit for Burnett . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Treanor lined out to center . Harris struck out swinging . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Pierre grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Carpenter struck out looking . Eckstein singled to center . Walker singled to center , Eckstein to third . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Castillo reached on infield single to third . Cabrera singled to center , Castillo to second . Delgado struck out swinging . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Conine grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Edmonds walked . Taguchi ran for Rodriguez . Rodriguez singled to right , Edmonds to third . Grudzielanek walked , Taguchi to second . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Edmonds out at home , Taguchi to third , Grudzielanek to second . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Taguchi out at home , Grudzielanek to third , Molina to second . Taguchi in left field . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Lowell hit for Messenger . Treanor grounded out to second . Lowell singled to left . Villone pitching for Marlins . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lowell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Villone pitching for Marlins . Eckstein struck out swinging . Walker batting . Pujols popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Castillo grounded out to third . King pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera flied out to center . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Delgado walked . Encarnacion singled to left center , Delgado to second . Resop pitching for Marlins . Conine struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Resop pitching for Marlins . Edmonds struck out looking . Taguchi struck out swinging . Grudzielanek doubled to deep left . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Lo Duca hit for Treanor . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez popped out to second . Aguila hit for Resop . Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop . Aguila walked . Pierre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Marlins 1 .	Carpenter outduels Burnett as Cards rolls past Marlins