Nationals - Top 1st . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Wilkerson flied out to left . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Pierre singled to right . Pierre stole second . Aguila struck out swinging . Conine flied out to right . Cabrera singled to center , Pierre scored . Lowell grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Wilson struck out swinging . Zimmerman grounded out to third . Byrd walked . Byrd stole second . Byrd to third on wild pitch by Moehler . Guzman hit by pitch . Guzman stole second . Bennett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Willingham struck out looking . Hermida struck out looking . Wilson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Loaiza struck out looking . Wilkerson grounded out to first . Carroll singled to right . Johnson homered to right , Carroll scored . Wilson grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Moehler flied out to right . Pierre reached on infield single to second . Aguila singled to center , Pierre to second . Conine hit by pitch , Pierre to third , Aguila to second . Cabrera singled to left center , Pierre and Aguila scored , Conine to third , Cabrera to second on throwing error by left fielder Wilkerson . Lowell popped out to second . Willingham popped out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 4th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman singled to left . Byrd singled to deep right center , Zimmerman scored . Guzman reached on infield single to second , Byrd to third . Bennett singled to left center , Byrd scored , Guzman to second . Loaiza sacrificed to third , Guzman to third , Bennett to second . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Wilkerson intentionally walked . Carroll flied out to right . Johnson singled to center , Guzman and Bennett scored , Wilkerson to second . Wilson homered to left , Wilkerson and Johnson scored . Zimmerman doubled to deep left center . Byrd fouled out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Hermida homered to right . Wilson struck out swinging . Messenger grounded out to second . Pierre grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Guzman struck out swinging . Bennett doubled to left . Loaiza grounded out to third . Wilkerson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Aguila lined out to third . Conine grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera walked . Lowell flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Carroll reached on infield single to shortstop . Johnson hit ground rule double to deep center , Carroll to third . Wilson doubled to deep center , Carroll and Johnson scored . Resop pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman walked . Byrd flied out to left . Guzman lined out to center . Bennett hit by pitch , Wilson to third , Zimmerman to second . Loaiza lined out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Willingham singled to center . Hermida singled to right , Willingham to second . Harris hit for Resop . Wilson flied out to right . Harris singled to right , Willingham scored , Hermida to second . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Harris out at second . Aguila reached on infield single to shortstop , Hermida scored , Pierre to second . Alfonseca pitching for Marlins . Conine struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Alfonseca pitching for Marlins . Wilkerson flied out to right . Carroll singled to left center . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Johnson grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Carroll out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Cabrera homered to left . Lowell walked . Willingham grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Lowell out at second . Hermida doubled to center . Mecir pitching for Marlins . Wilson flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Mecir pitching for Marlins . Wilson reached on infield single to second . Zimmerman flied out to left . Byrd walked , Wilson to second . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Byrd out at second , Wilson to third . Guzman stole second . Dillon hit for Mecir . Bennett grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Dillon grounded out to third . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Pierre grounded out to second . Villone pitching for Marlins . Kelly hit for Eischen . Aguila struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Villone pitching for Marlins . Kelly struck out swinging . Wilkerson flied out to center . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Carroll flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Conine grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Lowell fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 11 - Marlins 7 .	Nationals pound Marlins as teams play out string