Indians - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera homered to left ( 375 feet ) . Choo fouled out to third . Santana fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Suzuki singled to center . Figgins lined into double play , third to first , Suzuki doubled off first . Bradley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Hafner grounded out to second . Cabrera singled to left center . Kearns grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Cust struck out swinging . Smoak grounded out to second . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . LaPorta struck out swinging . Hannahan doubled to deep right . Brantley grounded out to second , Hannahan to third . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Kennedy grounded out to second . Ryan flied out to center . Langerhans walked . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Choo singled to right . Santana reached on infield single to second , Choo to third . Hafner singled to center , Choo scored , Santana to second . Cabrera singled to left center , Santana scored , Hafner to second . Kearns doubled to left , Hafner scored , Cabrera to third . LaPorta hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored . Hannahan singled to left center , Kearns scored . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Brantley singled to center , Hannahan to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Choo walked , Hannahan to third , Brantley to second . Santana singled to right , Hannahan and Brantley scored , Choo to second . Hafner homered to right ( 422 feet ) , Choo and Santana scored . Cabrera singled to left . Kearns struck out looking . 10 Runs , 10 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Figgins grounded out to second . Bradley grounded out to second . Cust doubled to deep right center . Smoak walked . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . LaPorta walked . Hannahan flied out to center . Brantley singled to right , LaPorta to second . Cabrera struck out swinging , LaPorta scored , Brantley to second on wild pitch by Wilhelmsen . Brantley to second on throwing error by catcher Olivo . Choo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Kennedy popped out to shortstop . Ryan hit by pitch . Langerhans walked , Ryan to second . Suzuki singled to center , Ryan scored , Langerhans to second . Figgins flied out to right . Bradley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Laffey pitching for Mariners . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Hafner grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera walked . Kearns reached on infield single to second , Cabrera to second . LaPorta flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Cust flied out to left . Smoak singled to right . Olivo struck out swinging . Kennedy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Laffey pitching for Mariners . Hannahan struck out looking . Brantley struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Germano pitching for Indians . Ryan flied out to center . Langerhans walked . Suzuki struck out swinging . Figgins grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Lueke pitching for Mariners . Buck hit for Choo . Buck doubled to right . Santana struck out swinging . Hafner lined out to center . Everett hit for Cabrera . Everett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Buck in right field . Everett at second base . Germano pitching for Indians . Bradley walked . Cust struck out swinging . Smoak flied out to center . Olivo lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Wright pitching for Mariners . Kearns struck out swinging . LaPorta doubled to deep right . Hannahan grounded out to second , LaPorta to third . Brantley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Kennedy singled to right . Ryan singled to center , Kennedy to third . Langerhans walked , Ryan to second . Suzuki safe at first on error by first baseman LaPorta , Kennedy scored , Ryan to third , Langerhans to second . Figgins flied out to left . Bradley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ryan scored , Langerhans out at third , Suzuki to second . Cust struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Indians 12 - Mariners 3 .	Indians ride 10 - run fourth to win over Mariners