Blue Jays - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Escobar singled to center . Patterson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Escobar out at second . Patterson to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Bautista walked . Lind struck out looking . Hill struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Litsch pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki singled to center . Figgins singled to left , Suzuki to second . Bradley struck out swinging . Cust struck out swinging . Smoak walked , Suzuki to third , Figgins to second . Olivo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Arencibia struck out swinging . Snider walked . Encarnacion doubled to left , Snider to third . Nix reached on infield single to shortstop , Snider scored , Encarnacion to third . Escobar struck out swinging . Patterson flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Litsch pitching for Blue Jays . Saunders lined out to left . Ryan flied out to right . Ja Wilson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop . Lind struck out swinging . Bautista stole second . Hill doubled to left , Bautista scored . Arencibia singled to right , Hill to third . Snider grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hill scored , Arencibia out at second . Snider caught stealing second , catcher to second . Encarnacion batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Litsch pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki grounded out to third . Figgins walked . Bradley singled to center , Figgins to third . Cust walked , Bradley to second . Smoak struck out swinging . Olivo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Rodriguez at third base . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Encarnacion singled to left . Nix doubled to left , Encarnacion to third . Encarnacion scored , Nix to third on wild pitch by Hernandez . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center , Nix scored . Patterson singled to right . Bautista singled to shallow left center , Patterson to second . Lind grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bautista out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Litsch pitching for Blue Jays . Saunders flied out to left . Ryan singled to left . Ja Wilson lined out to right . Ryan stole second , Ryan safe at third on throwing error by catcher Arencibia . Suzuki walked . Rodriguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hill fouled out to first . Arencibia grounded out to shortstop . Snider grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Litsch pitching for Blue Jays . Bradley lined out to pitcher . Cust grounded out to third . Smoak doubled to deep left . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Encarnacion popped out to first . Nix singled to left . Escobar flied out to right . Patterson homered to right ( 382 feet ) , Nix scored . Bautista struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Saunders walked . Ryan struck out looking , Saunders stole second . Ja Wilson grounded out to third , Saunders to third . Suzuki fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Laffey pitching for Mariners . Lind grounded out to pitcher . Hill flied out to center . Arencibia singled to right . Snider struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Bradley homered to right ( 376 feet ) . Cust grounded out to first . Smoak walked . Olivo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Encarnacion reached on infield single to shortstop . Nix flied out to center . Escobar walked , Encarnacion to second . Patterson flied out to center . Bautista walked , Encarnacion to third , Escobar to second . Lind struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Purcey pitching for Blue Jays . Saunders singled to left . Ryan walked , Saunders to second . Ja Wilson flied out to left . Suzuki singled to center , Saunders to third , Ryan to second . Dotel pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez walked , Saunders scored , Ryan to third , Suzuki to second . Bradley walked , Ryan scored , Suzuki to third , Rodriguez to second . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Cust walked , Suzuki scored , Rodriguez to third , Bradley to second . Smoak singled to left , Rodriguez and Bradley scored , Cust to second . Langerhans ran for Cust . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Olivo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Smoak out at second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Lueke pitching for Mariners . Hill lined out to center . Arencibia flied out to right . Snider struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Saunders doubled to right . Ryan sacrificed to pitcher , Saunders to third . Kennedy hit for Ja Wilson . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki intentionally walked . Suzuki stole second . Rodriguez singled to center , Saunders and Suzuki scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 7 - Mariners 8 .	M 's erase 7 - run gap in late innings , stun Jays