Athletics - Top 1st . Pineda pitching for Mariners . Crisp flied out to left . Barton struck out looking . DeJesus singled to center . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Ross pitching for Athletics . Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher . Figgins grounded out to first , Suzuki to second . Bradley walked , Suzuki stole third . Bradley batting . Cust grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bradley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Pineda pitching for Mariners . Matsui walked . Suzuki walked , Matsui to second . Ellis struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Pennington grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Ross pitching for Athletics . Kennedy singled to center . Olivo popped out to second . Langerhans walked , Kennedy to second . Ryan fouled out to first . Ja Wilson singled to left , Kennedy scored , Langerhans to second . Suzuki grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Saunders in left field . Pineda pitching for Mariners . Crisp grounded out to second . Barton popped out to second . DeJesus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Ross pitching for Athletics . Figgins bunt grounded out to pitcher . Saunders grounded out to second . Cust grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Pineda pitching for Mariners . Willingham struck out swinging . Matsui fouled out to third . Suzuki singled to right . Ellis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Ross pitching for Athletics . Kennedy grounded out to first . Olivo flied out to center . Langerhans walked . Ryan fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Pineda pitching for Mariners . Kouzmanoff reached on infield single to third . Kouzmanoff to second on wild pitch by Pineda . Pennington grounded out to shortstop , Kouzmanoff to third . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kouzmanoff out at home . Barton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Ross pitching for Athletics . Ja Wilson singled to left . Ja Wilson to second on passed ball by Suzuki . Suzuki grounded out to second , Ja Wilson to third . Figgins walked . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Saunders walked , Figgins to second . Cust walked , Ja Wilson scored , Figgins to third , Saunders to second . Kennedy singled to center , Figgins and Saunders scored , Cust to third . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Olivo struck out swinging . Langerhans struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Pineda pitching for Mariners . DeJesus flied out to left . Willingham singled to center . Matsui singled to right center , Willingham to second . Suzuki flied out to left . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Ryan grounded out to pitcher . Ja Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki singled to left . Purcey pitching for Athletics . Figgins lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Pauley pitching for Mariners . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . Pennington walked . Laffey pitching for Mariners . Crisp grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pennington out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Purcey pitching for Athletics . Saunders struck out looking . Cust walked . Kennedy grounded out to first , Cust to second . Olivo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Laffey pitching for Mariners . Barton flied out to right . DeJesus lined out to third . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Langerhans singled to center . Langerhans caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Ryan struck out swinging . Ja Wilson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Wright pitching for Mariners . Matsui struck out looking . Suzuki singled to center . Ellis singled to center , Suzuki to second . Sweeney hit for Kouzmanoff . Sweeney walked , Suzuki to third , Ellis to second . League pitching for Mariners . Jackson hit for Pennington . Jackson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Sweeney out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 0 - Mariners 4 .	Rookie Pineda leads Mariners ' shutout of A 's