Mariners - Top 1st . Huff pitching for Indians . Suzuki singled to center . Rodriguez flied out to left . Carp grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at second . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Fukudome struck out swinging . Donald singled to left . Cabrera homered to left ( 397 feet ) , Donald scored . Santana homered to left ( 374 feet ) . Hafner flied out to right . Duncan walked . Sizemore singled to left , Duncan to second . Chisenhall reached on infield single to first , Duncan to third , Sizemore to second . Marson lined out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Huff pitching for Indians . Seager lined out to shortstop . Pena walked . Liddi homered to left ( 355 feet ) , Pena scored . Robinson bunt grounded out to third . Gimenez walked . Suzuki fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Fukudome lined out to second . Donald reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera doubled to left , Donald scored . Cabrera caught stealing third , pitcher to second to third . Santana struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Huff pitching for Indians . Rodriguez safe at first on error by third baseman Chisenhall . Carp doubled to deep left center , Rodriguez scored . Olivo flied out to left . Seager singled to center , Carp scored . Pena walked , Seager to second . Liddi singled to center , Seager to third , Pena to second . Robinson singled to center , Seager and Pena scored , Liddi to second . Gimenez flied out to right , Liddi to third . Suzuki doubled to left , Liddi scored , Robinson to third . Durbin pitching for Indians . Rodriguez walked . Durbin pitching for Indians . Rodriguez walked . Durbin pitching for Indians . Rodriguez walked . Carp homered to right ( 420 feet ) , Robinson , Suzuki and Rodriguez scored . Olivo struck out swinging . 9 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Hafner popped out to second . Duncan struck out looking . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Durbin pitching for Indians . Seager fouled out to third . Pena walked . Liddi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pena out at second . Robinson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Marson struck out looking . Fukudome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Durbin pitching for Indians . Gimenez grounded out to third . Suzuki struck out looking . Rodriguez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Donald struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center . Santana doubled to deep right , Cabrera to third . Hafner singled to right , Cabrera and Santana scored . Duncan flied out to center . Sizemore grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Carp struck out looking . Olivo singled to center . Seager singled to center , Olivo to second . Pena singled to center , Olivo scored , Seager to third . Liddi grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pena out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Lueke pitching for Mariners . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Marson struck out looking . Fukudome grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Crowe in center field . Hagadone pitching for Indians . Robinson struck out swinging . Gimenez flied out to right . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Lueke pitching for Mariners . Donald singled to left . Cabrera grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Donald out at second . Santana struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 12 - Indians 6 .	Carp keys 9 - run third as M 's rout Indians in 7