Mariners - Top 1st . Hendriks pitching for Twins . Suzuki tripled to deep left . Seager doubled to deep right center , Suzuki scored . Ackley flied out to center , Seager to third . Carp doubled to deep center , Seager scored . Pena grounded out to third . Kennedy struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Revere reached on infield single to shortstop . Revere stole second . Plouffe doubled to deep left , Revere scored . Cuddyer fouled out to right , Plouffe to third . Parmelee doubled to deep right , Plouffe scored . Valencia flied out to right . Hughes struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Hendriks pitching for Twins . Olivo grounded out to second . Liddi struck out swinging . Robinson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Dinkelman bunt grounded out to pitcher . Benson walked . Butera popped out to second . Revere flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Hendriks pitching for Twins . Suzuki grounded out to second . Seager flied out to left . Ackley singled to center . Carp singled to left , Ackley to second . Pena flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Plouffe doubled to left . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Parmelee walked . Valencia struck out looking . Hughes popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Hendriks pitching for Twins . Kennedy flied out to center . Olivo doubled to deep center . Liddi popped out to second . Robinson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Dinkelman singled to right . Benson fouled out to first . Dinkelman stole second . Butera fouled out to shortstop . Revere singled to center , Dinkelman scored . Plouffe struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Hendriks pitching for Twins . Suzuki grounded out to first . Seager grounded out to first . Ackley singled to center . Carp doubled to center , Ackley to third . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Cuddyer singled to center . Parmelee singled to left , Cuddyer to second , Cuddyer scored , Parmelee to second on error by left fielder Carp . Valencia grounded out to first , Parmelee to third . Hughes popped out to second . Dinkelman flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Hendriks pitching for Twins . Kennedy flied out to right . Olivo doubled to left . Liddi homered to left ( 377 feet ) , Olivo scored . Duensing pitching for Twins . Robinson flied out to center . Suzuki flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Benson struck out swinging . Butera fouled out to first . Revere singled to center . Plouffe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Revere out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Seager walked . Ackley struck out swinging . Carp singled to center , Seager to second . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Carp out at second , Seager to third . Kennedy reached on infield single to pitcher , Seager scored , Pena to second , Pena to third on throwing error by pitcher Duensing . Capps pitching for Twins . Olivo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 7th . Ruffin pitching for Mariners . Cuddyer reached on infield single to shortstop . Parmelee grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cuddyer out at second . Valencia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Capps pitching for Twins . Liddi flied out to right . Robinson struck out swinging . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Hughes struck out swinging . Dinkelman grounded out to second . Benson safe at second on error by third baseman Liddi , Benson advanced to first on Liddi error , Benson tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 9th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Seager grounded out to shortstop . Ackley walked . Carp singled to right , Ackley to third . Pena struck out looking . Smoak hit for Kennedy . Smoak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Carp at first base . Saunders in center field . Robinson in left field . League pitching for Mariners . Tosoni hit for Butera . Tosoni singled to center . Revere singled to center , Tosoni to second . Plouffe sacrificed to catcher , Tosoni to third , Revere to second , Plouffe safe at first on throwing error by pitcher League . Tosoni to third on throwing error by pitcher League . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Parmelee grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Tosoni out at home , Revere to third , Plouffe to second . Valencia grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Mariners 5 - Twins 4 .	Carp , Mariners send Twins to 10th straight loss