Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Padres . Parra struck out swinging . Prado struck out swinging . Goldschmidt walked . Goldschmidt stole second . Kubel walked . Ross grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kubel out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Denorfia walked . Cabrera singled to right , Denorfia to second . Headley lined out to right , Denorfia to third . Guzman struck out swinging . Blanks walked , Cabrera to second . Alonso grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Padres . Montero homered to center ( 409 feet ) . Chavez struck out looking . Pennington grounded out to pitcher . Miley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Gyorko doubled to left . Hundley struck out looking . Marquis grounded out to first , Gyorko to third . Denorfia singled to center , Gyorko scored . Cabrera tripled to deep right , Denorfia scored . Headley grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Padres . Parra grounded out to shortstop . Prado singled to center . Goldschmidt flied into double play , right to first , Prado doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Guzman struck out looking . Blanks grounded out to shortstop . Alonso singled to right . Gyorko doubled to right , Alonso thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Kubel walked . Ross grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kubel out at second . Montero walked , Ross to second . Chavez doubled to center , Ross scored , Montero to third . Pennington grounded out to second , Montero scored , Chavez to third . Miley struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley fouled out to catcher . Marquis reached on infield single to shortstop . Denorfia grounded out to first , Marquis to second . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Parra grounded out to second . Prado reached on infield single to second . Goldschmidt walked , Prado to second . Kubel grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Headley walked . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Headley out at second . Blanks struck out swinging . Guzman stole second . Alonso homered to right ( 400 feet ) , Guzman scored . Gyorko singled to left . Hundley flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Ross grounded out to shortstop . Montero grounded out to first . Chavez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Amarista hit for Marquis . Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks . Amarista flied out to center . Denorfia struck out swinging . Cabrera lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Thayer pitching for Padres . Pennington popped out to shortstop . Hinske hit for Reynolds . Hinske flied out to left . Parra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Headley struck out looking . Guzman doubled to deep center . Blanks singled to center , Guzman scored , Blanks to second on throwing error by center fielder Parra . Alonso grounded out to first , Blanks to third . Gyorko lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Denorfia in right field . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Blanks in left field . Venable in center field . Prado struck out swinging . Goldschmidt singled to center . Kubel struck out swinging . Ross fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley struck out swinging . Venable singled to center . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Venable stole second . Denorfia singled to left , Venable to third . Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher , Venable scored , Denorfia to second . Headley doubled to deep left center , Denorfia scored . Quentin hit for Gregerson . Quentin struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Brach pitching for Padres . Montero singled to left . Chavez walked , Montero to second . Street pitching for Padres . Pennington flied out to center , Montero to third , Chavez to second . Pollock hit for Ziegler . Pollock popped out to third . Parra homered to center ( 403 feet ) , Montero and Chavez scored . Prado flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Padres 7 .	Padres hold off D - backs to continue hot streak