Padres - Top 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Denorfia lined out to right . Cabrera singled to left . Headley struck out swinging . Cabrera stole second . Quentin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Cashner pitching for Padres . Parra singled to right . Gregorius lined out to left . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Chavez homered to right ( 406 feet ) , Parra scored . Ross fouled out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop . Blanks lined out to third . Alonso grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Cashner pitching for Padres . Montero struck out looking . Prado singled to center . Kubel flied out to left , Prado to second . Miley grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley walked . Cashner sacrificed to pitcher , Hundley to second . Denorfia grounded out to first , Hundley to third . Cabrera homered to left center ( 416 feet ) , Hundley scored . Headley grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Cashner pitching for Padres . Parra singled to left center . Gregorius singled to right , Parra to third . Goldschmidt singled to right , Parra scored , Gregorius to third . Chavez hit sacrifice fly to left , Gregorius scored . Ross singled to center , Goldschmidt to second . Montero popped out to third . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goldschmidt out at third , Ross to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Quentin reached on infield single to third . Gyorko grounded out to pitcher , Quentin to second . Blanks flied out to center . Alonso singled to right , Quentin scored . Hundley singled to center , Alonso to third . Cashner singled to right , Alonso scored , Hundley to second . Denorfia doubled to deep center , Hundley scored , Cashner to third . Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera doubled to deep center , Cashner and Denorfia scored . Headley flied out to left . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Cashner pitching for Padres . Kubel grounded out to first . Pennington hit for Sipp . Pennington lined out to left . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Quentin walked . Gyorko flied out to right . Blanks doubled to deep left , Quentin to third . Alonso intentionally walked . Hundley singled to center , Quentin scored , Blanks to third , Alonso to second , Blanks scored , Alonso to third on error by center fielder Parra . Cashner bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Alonso out at home , Hundley to second . Denorfia flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Cashner pitching for Padres . Gregorius flied out to left . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Chavez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera grounded out to first . Headley grounded out to shortstop . Quentin fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Cashner pitching for Padres . Ross flied out to left . Montero struck out swinging . Prado singled to center . Kubel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop . Blanks lined out to right . Alonso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Wilson hit for Harris . Cashner pitching for Padres . Wilson singled to center . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Parra grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wilson out at second . Gregorius singled to left center . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson at shortstop . Hundley lined out to center . Guzman hit for Thatcher . Guzman flied out to right . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Chavez popped out to second . Ross flied out to center . Montero walked . Prado singled to right , Montero to second . Kubel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera safe at first on error by shortstop Wilson . Headley singled to left , Cabrera to second . Quentin flied out to right . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Gyorko struck out swinging . Blanks reached on infield single to third , Cabrera to third , Headley to second . Alonso hit by pitch , Cabrera scored , Headley to third , Blanks to second . Hundley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alonso out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Denorfia in left field . Ross pitching for Padres . Venable in center field . Wilson struck out swinging . Parra singled to right . Hinske hit for Ziegler . Hinske grounded into double play , to first , Parra out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 10 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Cabrera knocks in four as Padres roll D - backs