Padres - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Cabrera flied out to right . Venable grounded out to second . Quentin doubled to deep left . Headley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Marquis pitching for Padres . Span grounded out to second . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Harper lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Guzman doubled to deep center . Denorfia grounded out to second , Guzman to third . Forsythe grounded out to pitcher . Grandal struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Marquis pitching for Padres . Zimmerman reached on infield single to second . LaRoche lined into double play , to first , Zimmerman doubled off first . Werth flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Marquis doubled to deep right . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Marquis to third . Venable struck out swinging . Quentin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Marquis pitching for Padres . Rendon singled to left . Suzuki doubled to deep left , Rendon to third . Zimmermann struck out swinging . Span walked . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rendon out at home , Suzuki to third , Span to second . Hundley catching . Harper walked , Suzuki scored , Span to third , Desmond to second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Headley grounded out to first . Guzman struck out swinging . Denorfia grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Marquis pitching for Padres . LaRoche homered to right ( 375 feet ) . Werth reached on infield single to shortstop . Rendon flied out to center . Suzuki grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Werth out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Forsythe walked . Forsythe stole second . Hundley grounded out to shortstop , Forsythe to third . Marquis grounded out to shortstop , Forsythe scored . Cabrera flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Zimmermann grounded out to second . Span reached on infield single to shortstop . Span stole second . Desmond singled to right , Span to third . Harper singled to center , Span scored , Desmond to second . Zimmerman lined into double play , third to second , Desmond doubled off second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Venable flied out to left . Quentin singled to center . Headley singled to right , Quentin to second . Ohlendorf pitching for Nationals . Guzman homered to left ( 393 feet ) , Quentin and Headley scored . Denorfia fouled out to second . Forsythe flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Marquis pitching for Padres . LaRoche flied out to right . Werth walked . Rendon struck out looking . Suzuki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Ohlendorf pitching for Nationals . Hundley singled to left . Ciriaco hit for Marquis . Ciriaco sacrificed to third , Hundley to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Venable flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Vincent pitching for Padres . Bernadina hit for Ohlendorf . Bernadina struck out looking . Span singled to left . Desmond singled to right , Span to second . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Span to third , Desmond to second on wild pitch by Thatcher . Harper hit sacrifice fly to left , Span scored . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Zimmerman singled to right , Desmond scored , Zimmerman out stretching at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Quentin popped out to third . Headley lined out to third . Guzman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . LaRoche reached on infield single to second . Werth popped out to second . LaRoche stole second . Rendon struck out looking . Suzuki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Soriano pitching for Nationals . Denorfia flied out to center . Forsythe singled to center . Hundley singled to center , Forsythe to second . Kotsay hit for Gregerson . Kotsay grounded out to pitcher , Forsythe to third , Hundley to second . Cabrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 4 - Nationals 5 .	Nats rally past Padres for third straight win