Padres - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera grounded out to second . Headley struck out swinging . Quentin singled to center . Alonso singled to right , Quentin to second . Gyorko flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Marquis pitching for Padres . Carpenter grounded out to second . Jay grounded out to first . Beltran lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Venable lined out to left . Amarista flied out to center . Hundley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Marquis pitching for Padres . Craig singled to center . Molina flied out to right . Adams flied out to right . Freese walked , Craig to second . Kozma grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Craig out at third , Freese to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Marquis grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Headley walked . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Headley out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Marquis pitching for Padres . Westbrook singled to center . Carpenter walked , Westbrook to second . Jay sacrificed to catcher , Westbrook to third , Carpenter to second . Beltran hit sacrifice fly to center , Westbrook scored . Craig popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Alonso lined out to left . Gyorko singled to right center . Venable reached on infield single to second , Gyorko to second . Amarista walked , Gyorko to third , Venable to second . Hundley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Amarista out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Molina flied out to right . Adams grounded out to third . Freese singled to left . Kozma bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Marquis grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to center . Headley singled to center . Headley picked off first . Quentin batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Westbrook doubled to deep right . Carpenter doubled to deep center , Westbrook scored . Jay sacrificed to pitcher , Carpenter to third . Beltran hit sacrifice fly to right , Carpenter scored . Craig flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Quentin grounded out to pitcher . Alonso grounded out to pitcher . Gyorko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Molina walked . Adams singled to deep right , Molina to third . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at home , Adams to second . Kozma reached on infield single to pitcher , Adams to third , Freese to second . Westbrook singled to center , Adams scored , Freese to third , Kozma to second . Hynes pitching for Padres . Carpenter singled to right , Freese and Kozma scored , Westbrook to second . Jay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carpenter out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Venable flied out to center . Amarista singled to center . Hundley singled to left , Amarista to second . Kotsay hit for Hynes . Kotsay walked , Amarista to third , Hundley to second . Cabrera singled to left center , Amarista and Hundley scored , Kotsay to second . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Headley grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . O'Sullivan pitching for Padres . Beltran singled to right . Craig singled to center , Beltran to second . Molina doubled to deep left , Beltran and Craig scored . Adams walked . Freese grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Adams out at second , Molina to third . Kozma singled to left , Molina scored . Johnson hit for Maness . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kozma out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Quentin walked . Alonso struck out swinging . Gyorko flied out to center . Venable singled to center , Quentin to second . Amarista singled to right , Quentin scored , Venable to second . Hundley flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . O'Sullivan pitching for Padres . Carpenter doubled to deep center . Jay flied out to left . Beltran struck out swinging . Craig lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Guzman hit for O'Sullivan . Guzman walked . Cabrera singled to left , Guzman to second . Headley hit ground rule double to deep center , Guzman scored , Cabrera to third . Quentin grounded out to first , Cabrera scored , Headley to third . Alonso singled to right , Headley scored . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Gyorko flied out to right . Alonso to second on fielder 's indifference . Venable struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 6 - Cardinals 9 .	Westbrook beats Pads with his arm and bat