Marlins - Top 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Yelich singled to left. Yelich stole second. Dietrich walked. Stanton singled to center, Yelich scored, Dietrich to third. Jones hit sacrifice fly to center, Dietrich scored. McGehee popped out to second. Saltalamacchia walked, Stanton to second. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stanton out at third, Saltalamacchia to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Hand pitching for Marlins. Span struck out looking. Rendon reached on infield single to third. Werth lined out to center. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Hechavarria tripled to deep center. Hand struck out swinging. Yelich singled to left, Hechavarria scored. Dietrich homered to right center (393 feet), Yelich scored. Stanton popped out to second. Jones singled to center. McGehee singled to center, Jones to second. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Hand pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman grounded out to second. Desmond flied out to right. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Ozuna grounded out to third. Hechavarria grounded out to third. Hand grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Hand pitching for Marlins. Lobaton walked. Stammen struck out swinging. Span walked, Lobaton to second. Rendon lined out to left. Werth flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Yelich doubled to left. Dietrich lined out to right, Yelich to third. Stanton struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Hand pitching for Marlins. LaRoche singled to center. Zimmerman singled to left, LaRoche to second. Desmond struck out swinging. Harper homered to right (416 feet), LaRoche and Zimmerman scored. Slowey pitching for Marlins. Lobaton grounded out to shortstop. Stammen struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. McGehee grounded out to third. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Ozuna walked. Hechavarria reached on infield single to third, Ozuna to second. Slowey grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Slowey pitching for Marlins. Span grounded out to second. Rendon tripled to deep right. Werth grounded out to third, Rendon scored. LaRoche flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Yelich walked. Dietrich lined out to left. Stanton flied out to center. Jones singled to center, Yelich to third. McGehee flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Slowey pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman doubled to deep right, Zimmerman to third on error by right fielder Stanton. Desmond reached on infield single to pitcher, Zimmerman scored. Jennings pitching for Marlins. Harper singled to left, Desmond to third. Lobaton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Desmond scored, Harper to second. Frandsen hit for Detwiler. Frandsen lined out to center. Span singled to center, Harper to third, Lobaton to second. Dietrich at third base. Caminero pitching for Marlins. Solano at second base. Rendon popped out to shortstop. Werth lined out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Saltalamacchia homered to center (409 feet). Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. Hechavarria struck out looking. Solano struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Caminero pitching for Marlins. LaRoche grounded out to first. Zimmerman walked. Desmond struck out swinging. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Yelich walked. Dietrich struck out swinging. Stanton walked, Yelich to second. Jones doubled to right, Yelich scored, Stanton thrown out at home. Dobbs hit for Caminero. Dobbs struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Marmol pitching for Marlins. Lobaton lined out to left. McLouth hit for Clippard. McLouth hit by pitch. Span reached on bunt single to third, McLouth to second, McLouth to third, Span to second on throwing error by third baseman Dietrich. Rendon intentionally walked. Werth homered to left center (393 feet), McLouth, Span and Rendon scored. LaRoche grounded out to first. Zimmerman flied out to center. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Soriano pitching for Nationals. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Ozuna doubled to left. Hechavarria struck out swinging. Solano singled to left center, Ozuna to third. Yelich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 7 - Nationals 10.	Werth's grand slam lifts Nats past Marlins 10-7