Cardinals - Top 1st. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Carpenter safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond. Wong reached on infield single to pitcher, Carpenter to second. Holliday doubled to left, Carpenter scored, Wong to third. Adams grounded out to second, Wong scored, Holliday to third. Molina singled to left, Holliday scored. Craig struck out swinging. Peralta struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Rendon lined out to left. Harper bunt grounded out to pitcher. Werth struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Jay singled to left. Wainwright sacrificed to first, Jay to second. Carpenter lined out to right. Wong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche walked. Desmond reached on infield single to pitcher, LaRoche to second. Espinosa flied out to left. McLouth grounded out to first, LaRoche to third, Desmond to second. Lobaton intentionally walked. Jordan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Holliday walked. Adams lined out to center. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Rendon grounded out to shortstop. Harper flied out to center. Werth grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Craig grounded out to third. Peralta doubled to left. Jay safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Desmond, Peralta to third. Wainwright grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peralta scored, Jay safe at second on error by second baseman Espinosa. Carpenter singled to center, Jay to third, Wainwright to second. Wong grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jay out at home, Wainwright to third, Carpenter to second. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wong out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche flied out to left. Desmond struck out swinging. Espinosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Adams grounded out to first. Molina grounded out to second. Craig lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. McLouth flied out to right. Lobaton struck out swinging. Jordan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Peralta struck out swinging. Jay hit by pitch. Wainwright reached on infield single to shortstop, Jay to second. Carpenter walked, Jay to third, Wainwright to second. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Wong struck out swinging. Holliday singled to left, Jay scored, Wainwright to third, Carpenter to second. Adams singled to center, Wainwright and Carpenter scored, Holliday to third. Molina struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Robinson in right field. Craig in left field. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Rendon fouled out to right. Harper flied out to left. Werth fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Craig grounded out to first. Peralta singled to left. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to second, Peralta out at second. Jay to second on wild pitch by Treinen. Wainwright walked. Carpenter singled to left, Jay to third, Wainwright to second. Wong singled to center, Jay scored, Wainwright to third, Carpenter to second. Robinson struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche struck out looking. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Cruz hit for Adams. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Cruz grounded out to second. Molina doubled to right. Craig reached on infield single to shortstop, Molina to third. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to first, Molina out at home, Craig to second. Jay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Cruz at first base. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. McLouth grounded out to first. Lobaton grounded out to second. Souza Jr. hit for Treinen. Souza Jr. walked. Rendon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Souza Jr. out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Blevins pitching for Nationals. Wainwright doubled to deep left. Carpenter flied out to left. Wong flied out to center. Robinson walked. Cruz walked, Wainwright to third, Robinson to second. Molina popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Harper flied out to right. Werth lined out to right. LaRoche singled to right. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 8 - Nationals 0.	Cards' Wainwright 2-hits Nats