Cardinals - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Carpenter flied out to left. Peralta walked. Holliday struck out swinging. Craig singled to left, Peralta to second. Molina flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Rendon grounded out to second. Harper struck out swinging. Werth grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Ellis flied out to right. Robinson grounded out to second. Bourjos fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche popped out to shortstop. Desmond struck out looking. Espinosa reached on bunt single to second. McLouth grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Wacha struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out swinging. Peralta fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Lobaton struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Rendon homered to left (396 feet). Harper singled to right. Werth fouled out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Craig doubled to deep right. Molina singled to right, Craig to third. Ellis singled to right, Craig scored, Molina to second. Robinson struck out swinging. Bourjos struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche safe at first on error by third baseman Carpenter. Desmond grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, LaRoche out at second. Espinosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Wacha struck out looking. Carpenter lined out to left. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. McLouth grounded out to shortstop. Lobaton struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Holliday flied out to right. Craig grounded out to third. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Rendon flied out to center. Harper grounded out to second. Werth flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Ellis flied out to center. Robinson grounded out to second. Bourjos grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche singled to left. Desmond singled to right, LaRoche to second. Espinosa grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, LaRoche safe at third on error by third baseman Carpenter, Desmond to second. McLouth struck out swinging. Lobaton grounded out to, LaRoche tagged out at home, Desmond to third, Espinosa to second. Walters hit for Gonzalez. Desmond scored, Espinosa to third, Lobaton to second on wild pitch by Wacha, Espinosa scored, Lobaton safe at third on throwing error by catcher Molina. Walters grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Jay hit for Wacha. Jay doubled to deep right center. Carpenter walked. Peralta grounded out to pitcher, Jay to third, Carpenter to second. Storen pitching for Nationals. Holliday fouled out to first. Craig grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at shortstop. Rendon flied out to center. Harper fouled out to third. Werth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Soriano pitching for Nationals. Molina grounded out to pitcher. Ellis walked. Robinson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Ellis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 1 - Nationals 3.	Nationals capitalize on errors, upend Cards