Padres - Top 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Cabrera singled to left. Denorfia grounded into double play, second to first, Cabrera out at second. Alonso lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Erlin pitching for Padres. Span grounded out to second. Rendon singled to center. Werth flied out to center. LaRoche walked, Rendon to second. Desmond doubled to deep right center, Rendon scored, LaRoche to third. Harper reached on infield single to shortstop, LaRoche scored, Desmond to third. Espinosa popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Gyorko struck out swinging. Venable struck out swinging. Hundley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Erlin pitching for Padres. Lobaton grounded out to third. Strasburg struck out looking. Span lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Nady grounded out to shortstop. Amarista struck out looking. Erlin walked. Cabrera singled to left, Erlin to second. Denorfia singled to right, Erlin to third, Cabrera to second. Alonso flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Erlin pitching for Padres. Rendon singled to center. Werth flied out to center. Rendon stole second. LaRoche walked. Desmond singled to center, Rendon to third, LaRoche to second. Harper tripled to deep right center, Rendon, LaRoche and Desmond scored. Espinosa struck out swinging. Lobaton singled to center, Harper scored. Strasburg grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Gyorko struck out swinging. Venable singled to left center. Hundley singled to shallow left center, Venable to second. Nady struck out swinging. Hundley out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Span popped out to shortstop. Rendon singled to left. Werth struck out looking. LaRoche flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. McLouth in left field. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Amarista struck out swinging. Erlin struck out looking. Cabrera singled to left. Denorfia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Desmond grounded out to third. McLouth singled to center. Espinosa flied out to center. Lobaton singled to right center, McLouth to third. Strasburg grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Alonso flied out to center. Gyorko struck out looking. Venable walked. Hundley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Span reached on infield single to third. Rendon lined out to center. Werth singled to right, Span to second. LaRoche doubled to deep right, Span scored, Werth to third. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Amarista in center field. Peterson at third base. Moore ran for LaRoche. Desmond grounded out to pitcher, Werth scored, Moore to third. McLouth lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Moore at first base. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Nady struck out looking. Amarista grounded out to shortstop. Peterson singled to shallow center. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Espinosa struck out swinging. Lobaton doubled to deep left. Walters hit for Strasburg. Walters walked. Span grounded into fielder's choice to first, Walters out at second, Lobaton to third. Rendon doubled to deep right center, Lobaton and Span scored. Werth grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Blevins pitching for Nationals. Denorfia grounded out to shortstop. Alonso struck out swinging. Gyorko singled to left. Rivera hit for Quackenbush. Rivera singled to left, Gyorko to second. Hundley singled to left, Gyorko scored, Rivera to second. Nady grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Roach pitching for Padres. Moore singled to left. Desmond singled to left, Moore to second. McLouth hit by pitch, Moore to third, Desmond to second. Espinosa grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Moore out at home, Desmond to third, McLouth to second. Lobaton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Desmond scored, Espinosa out at second, McLouth to third. Frandsen hit for Blevins. Frandsen grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Amarista fouled out to left. Peterson flied out to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 1 - Nationals 11.	Harper, Strasburg pace pounding of Padres