Nationals - Top 1st. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Span lined out to shortstop. Rendon grounded out to second. Werth lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Fister pitching for Nationals. Parra singled to center. Prado hit into fielder's choice to right, Parra out at second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa struck out looking. Moore grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Fister pitching for Nationals. Hill singled to left center. Ross struck out looking. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hill safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Desmond. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hill out at third, Pollock to second. McCarthy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Lobaton struck out swinging. McLouth grounded out to second. Fister grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Fister pitching for Nationals. Parra singled to center. Parra caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Prado struck out swinging. Goldschmidt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Span lined out to left. Rendon grounded out to second. Werth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Montero fouled out to catcher. Hill homered to left (378 feet). Ross grounded out to third. Pollock struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond reached on infield single to second. Espinosa struck out swinging. Moore popped out to shortstop. Lobaton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Owings grounded out to shortstop. McCarthy singled to center. Parra flied out to left. Prado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. McLouth safe at first on error by shortstop Owings. McLouth stole second. Fister sacrificed to third, McLouth to third. Span grounded out to second. Rendon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. Montero hit by pitch. Hill grounded into double play, third to second to first, Montero out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Werth homered to left center (414 feet). Desmond struck out swinging. Espinosa grounded out to second. Moore struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Ross grounded out to third. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Owings fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Lobaton flied out to right. McLouth grounded out to first. Frandsen hit for Fister. Frandsen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Chavez hit for McCarthy. Chavez grounded out to second. Parra struck out swinging. Prado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Span walked. Rendon doubled to deep right, Span to third. Werth intentionally walked. Desmond singled to left, Span and Rendon scored, Werth to second. Espinosa grounded out to second, Werth to third, Desmond to second. Moore singled to center, Werth and Desmond scored. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Lobaton flied out to second, Moore out at second. McLouth singled to right center, Moore to second. Hairston hit for Clippard. Hairston popped out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Soriano pitching for Nationals. Goldschmidt lined out to center. Montero singled to center. Hill grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Montero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 5 - Diamondbacks 1.	Nationals knock off D-backs 5-1