Nationals - Top 1st. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Span grounded out to second. Rendon singled to right. Werth doubled to right center, Rendon scored. LaRoche struck out looking. Werth stole third. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Carpenter grounded out to second. Ellis popped out to first. Holliday lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Desmond struck out swinging. Espinosa struck out swinging. Lobaton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Craig lined out to right. Molina grounded out to second. Adams struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Strasburg walked. Span grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Strasburg out at second. Rendon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Peralta struck out looking. Bourjos flied out to left. Miller doubled to deep right. Carpenter singled to center, Miller scored, Carpenter thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Werth popped out to second. LaRoche walked. Zimmerman struck out looking. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Holliday struck out swinging. Craig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Espinosa lined out to first. Lobaton singled to center. Strasburg bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Lobaton out at second. Span popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Molina grounded out to third. Adams grounded out to shortstop. Peralta doubled to deep right. Bourjos intentionally walked. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Rendon bunt grounded out to third. Werth grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Carpenter flied out to left. Ellis hit ground rule double to deep center. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellis out at third. Craig singled to center, Holliday to second. Holliday to third, Craig to second on passed ball by Lobaton. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman singled to center. Desmond flied out to center. Espinosa struck out swinging. Lobaton walked, Zimmerman to second. Strasburg walked, Zimmerman to third, Lobaton to second. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Span grounded into fielder's choice to second, Strasburg out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Adams homered to right (389 feet). Peralta lined out to right. Bourjos bunt grounded out to third. Jay hit for Choate. Jay reached on infield single to second. Blevins pitching for Nationals. Jay to second on passed ball by Lobaton. Carpenter walked. Storen pitching for Nationals. Ellis hit by pitch, Jay to third, Carpenter to second. Holliday walked, Jay scored, Carpenter to third, Ellis to second. Craig reached on infield single to third, Carpenter scored, Ellis to third, Holliday to second. Molina fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Neshek pitching for Cardinals. Jay in left field. Rendon flied out to left. Werth flied out to left. LaRoche flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Cedeno pitching for Nationals. Adams popped out to shortstop. Peralta grounded out to third. Bourjos grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman walked. Desmond struck out swinging. Espinosa grounded into double play, to first, Zimmerman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 1 - Cardinals 4.	Cards' Adams hits 2nd straight go-ahead HR