Nationals - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Rendon grounded out to third. McLouth bunt grounded out to pitcher. Werth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Fister pitching for Nationals. Carpenter lined out to center. Wong grounded out to shortstop. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Hairston singled to deep left center. Desmond singled to right center, Hairston to second. Espinosa hit by pitch, Hairston to third, Desmond to second. Leon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hairston out at home, Desmond to third, Espinosa to second. Fister struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Fister pitching for Nationals. Craig singled to center. Adams homered to right (385 feet), Craig scored. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Jay singled to right. Cruz singled to center, Jay to second. Garcia sacrificed to third, Jay to third, Cruz to second. Carpenter grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Rendon lined out to center. McLouth struck out looking. Werth flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Fister pitching for Nationals. Wong bunt popped out foul to first. Holliday homered to center (426 feet). Craig flied out to right. Adams struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman flied out to right. Hairston lined out to second. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop. Jay walked, Peralta to second. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peralta out at third, Jay to second. Garcia sacrificed to catcher, Jay to third, Cruz to second. Carpenter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Espinosa singled to right center. Espinosa to second on wild pitch by Garcia. Leon grounded out to pitcher. Fister struck out swinging. Rendon walked. McLouth reached on infield single to first, Espinosa to third, Rendon to second. Werth walked, Espinosa scored, Rendon to third, McLouth to second. Zimmerman grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Wong tripled to deep right. Holliday hit sacrifice fly to left, Wong scored. Craig grounded out to second. Adams grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Hairston struck out swinging. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa singled to left. Leon popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Peralta grounded out to second. Jay lined out to left. Cruz walked. Garcia grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Frandsen hit for Fister. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Frandsen flied out to left. Rendon lined out to pitcher. McLouth grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Carpenter lined out to shortstop. Wong grounded out to third. Holliday walked. Craig doubled to left, Holliday scored. Adams struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Werth struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Hairston struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Soriano pitching for Nationals. Peralta singled to center. Jay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. Cruz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Desmond flied out to center. Espinosa struck out swinging. Leon singled to center. Dobbs hit for Soriano. Dobbs singled to center, Leon to second. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Bourjos in center field. Rendon singled to right center, Leon to third, Dobbs to second. LaRoche hit for McLouth. LaRoche walked, Leon scored, Dobbs to third, Rendon to second. Werth fouled out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 2 - Cardinals 5.	Adams homers in 3rd straight as Cards win