Astros - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Fowler walked. Altuve grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Fowler out at second. Springer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Feldman pitching for Astros. Span walked. Span stole second. Rendon reached on infield single to third, Span to third. Werth struck out swinging, Rendon stole second. LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to left, Span scored. Rendon stole third. Zimmerman walked. Desmond struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Singleton walked. Dominguez struck out swinging. Singleton caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Castro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Feldman pitching for Astros. Espinosa reached on bunt single to second. Leon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Espinosa out at second. Gonzalez bunt popped out to first. Span singled to right, Leon to third. Span stole second. Rendon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Villar doubled to deep right. Grossman struck out looking. Feldman struck out swinging. Fowler popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Feldman pitching for Astros. Werth walked. LaRoche struck out looking. Werth stole second. Zimmerman lined out to second. Desmond singled to center, Werth scored. Espinosa grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Altuve walked. Springer hit by pitch, Altuve to second. Singleton singled to center, Altuve to third, Springer to second. Dominguez singled to center, Altuve and Springer scored, Singleton to second. Castro doubled to left, Singleton scored, Dominguez to third. Villar hit sacrifice fly to left, Dominguez scored. Grossman flied out to right. Feldman struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Feldman pitching for Astros. Leon fouled out to first. Gonzalez struck out looking. Span grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Fowler singled to center. Altuve popped out to second. Springer lined out to right. Singleton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Feldman pitching for Astros. Rendon struck out looking. Werth flied out to right. LaRoche singled to left. Zimmerman singled to left, LaRoche to second. Desmond flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Dominguez struck out looking. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Villar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Zeid pitching for Astros. Espinosa reached on bunt single to second. Leon struck out swinging. Detwiler sacrificed to pitcher, Espinosa to second. Span doubled to deep right center, Espinosa scored, Span out stretching at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Grossman walked. Zeid struck out swinging. Fowler lined out to center. Altuve reached on infield single to second, Grossman to third. Grossman scored, Altuve to second on wild pitch by Detwiler. Springer intentionally walked. Singleton hit by pitch, Altuve to third, Springer to second. Barrett pitching for Nationals. Dominguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Singleton out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Zeid pitching for Astros. Rendon homered to left center (413 feet). Werth walked. Downs pitching for Astros. LaRoche singled to center, Werth to third. Farnsworth pitching for Astros. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Werth scored, LaRoche out at second. Desmond doubled to left, Zimmerman to third. Espinosa intentionally walked. McLouth hit for Leon. McLouth hit sacrifice fly to left, Zimmerman scored, Desmond to third, Espinosa to second. Dobbs hit for Barrett. Dobbs grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Lobaton catching. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Castro flied out to center. Villar popped out to first. Grossman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Sipp pitching for Astros. Span flied out to left. Rendon struck out swinging. Werth flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Soriano pitching for Nationals. Carter hit for Sipp. Carter struck out swinging. Fowler grounded out to second. Altuve singled to center. Springer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 5 - Nationals 6.	Nats rally in Gonzalez return, sweep Astros