Phillies - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Revere grounded out to second. Rollins singled to right center. Utley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rollins out at second. Byrd flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Lee pitching for Phillies. Span flied out to left. Rendon lined out to center. Werth struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Ruiz flied out to center. Sizemore lined out to shortstop. Ruf struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Lee pitching for Phillies. Ramos grounded out to third. Desmond struck out looking. Harper grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Blanco singled to center. Lee struck out bunting foul. Revere singled to center, Blanco to second. Rollins flied out to center. Utley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Lee pitching for Phillies. Frandsen struck out looking. Espinosa doubled to deep center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Span lined out to center. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Byrd singled to left. Ruiz singled to left, Byrd to second. Sizemore doubled to deep right center, Byrd and Ruiz scored. Ruf walked. Blanco sacrificed to third, Sizemore to third, Ruf to second. Brown hit for Bastardo. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sizemore scored, Ruf to third. Revere singled to right, Ruf scored, Brown to second. Rollins singled to left, Brown to third, Revere to second. Utley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Brown scored, Rollins out at second, Revere to third. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Utley out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Hollands pitching for Phillies. Rendon walked. Rendon to second on wild pitch by Hollands. Werth struck out swinging. Ramos singled to center, Rendon scored. Desmond grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ramos out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Ruiz lined out to center. Sizemore reached on infield single to third, Sizemore to second on throwing error by third baseman Rendon. Sizemore caught stealing third, catcher to third. Ruf singled to center. Blanco lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Hollands pitching for Phillies. Harper reached on infield single to third. Frandsen singled to left, Harper to second. Espinosa bunt popped out foul to catcher. Hairston hit for Detwiler. Hairston hit by pitch, Harper to third, Frandsen to second. Span singled to right, Harper and Frandsen scored, Hairston to second. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Asche at third base. Rendon lined out to shortstop. Werth grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Blevins pitching for Nationals. Asche grounded out to second. Revere singled to right. Revere to second on wild pitch by Blevins. Rollins singled to left, Revere scored. Rollins stole second. Rollins stole third. Utley hit sacrifice fly to left, Rollins scored. Byrd struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Ramos grounded out to second. Desmond lined out to left. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Barrett pitching for Nationals. Ruiz safe at first on error by third baseman Rendon. Sizemore lined out to right. Ruf struck out swinging. Howard hit for De Fratus. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Frandsen doubled to left. Frandsen to third on passed ball by Ruiz. Espinosa singled to center, Frandsen scored. McLouth hit for Barrett. McLouth struck out swinging. Span singled to right, Espinosa to third. Rendon lined out to right. Giles pitching for Phillies. Werth struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Asche singled to center. Revere singled to shallow right center, Asche to third. Rollins struck out swinging, Revere stole second. Utley intentionally walked. Byrd singled to left, Asche and Revere scored, Utley to second, Utley thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Ruiz reached on infield single to third, Byrd to second. Sizemore singled to center, Byrd scored, Ruiz to second. Ruf struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Giles pitching for Phillies. Ramos struck out swinging. Desmond struck out swinging. Harper grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Brignac hit for Giles. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Brignac struck out swinging. Asche flied out to left. Revere lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Papelbon pitching for Phillies. Frandsen lined out to center. LaRoche hit for Espinosa. LaRoche flied out to left. Lobaton hit for Stammen. Lobaton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 10 - Nationals 4.	Phillies lose Lee, defeat Nationals 10-4