Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Inciarte grounded out to second. Pennington bunt grounded out to third. Peralta grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Span singled to right. Rendon flied out to center. Werth walked, Span to second. LaRoche grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Werth out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Trumbo struck out swinging. Hill singled to center. Pacheco grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramos singled to left. Harper singled to center, Ramos to second. Cabrera flied out to right. Espinosa struck out swinging. Gonzalez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Marte walked. Gosewisch singled to right, Marte to second. Miley sacrificed to first, Marte to third, Gosewisch to second. Inciarte lined out to shortstop. Pennington flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Span walked. Rendon singled to left, Span to second. Werth flied out to right, Span to third. LaRoche grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Rendon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Peralta struck out swinging. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Hill grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramos flied out to center. Harper grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Pacheco struck out swinging. Marte singled to right. Gosewisch struck out looking. Miley singled to left center, Marte to second, Marte to third, Miley to second on error by left fielder Harper. Inciarte walked. Pennington popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Espinosa singled to center. Gonzalez sacrificed to first, Espinosa to second. Span struck out swinging. Rendon intentionally walked. Werth walked, Espinosa to third, Rendon to second. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Peralta struck out swinging. Trumbo walked. Hill flied out to center. Trumbo caught stealing second, catcher to second. Pacheco batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramos singled to center. Harper singled to center, Ramos to second. Cabrera struck out looking. Espinosa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Pacheco struck out looking. Marte lined out to right. Gosewisch grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Frandsen hit for Gonzalez. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Frandsen singled to right center. Span sacrificed to catcher, Frandsen to second. Rendon flied out to right. Werth walked. LaRoche walked, Frandsen to third, Werth to second. Stites pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Thornton pitching for Nationals. Paul hit for Stites. Paul grounded out to shortstop. Inciarte grounded out to first. Pennington flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Harper struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Soriano pitching for Nationals. Peralta grounded out to second. Trumbo walked. Hill grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Trumbo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Hairston hit for Soriano. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Hairston flied out to left. Span singled to center. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Span stole second. Rendon reached on infield single to third, Span scored on throwing error by third baseman Pacheco. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Diamondbacks 0 - Nationals 1.	Nats walk off, up streak to 10