Nationals - Top 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Rendon grounded out to third. Cabrera popped out to second. Werth walked. Desmond struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Fister pitching for Nationals. Gordon struck out looking. Ramirez grounded out to first. Gonzalez walked. Kemp lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Ramos singled to right center. Harper popped out to shortstop. Hairston popped out to first. Frandsen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Fister pitching for Nationals. Crawford grounded out to second. Uribe fouled out to first. Pederson singled to center. Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop, Pederson to second. Kershaw lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Fister struck out swinging. Rendon grounded out to third. Cabrera walked. Werth lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Fister pitching for Nationals. Gordon flied out to center. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Desmond flied out to right. Ramos popped out to second. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Kemp hit ground rule double to deep center. Crawford reached on bunt single to pitcher, Kemp tagged out at home. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crawford out at second. Pederson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Hairston struck out swinging. Frandsen flied out to left. Fister struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Kershaw singled to center. Gordon singled to center, Kershaw to third, Gordon to second advancing on throw. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop, Kershaw scored, Gordon scored, Gonzalez to second on throwing error by shortstop Desmond. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Rendon grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to third. Werth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Crawford singled to right. Uribe homered to left (406 feet), Crawford scored. Pederson walked. Ellis singled to right, Pederson to second. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Kershaw sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pederson to third, Ellis to second. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pederson out at home, Ellis to third, Kershaw to second. Ramirez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gordon out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Desmond struck out swinging. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Harper homered to right center (416 feet). Hairston grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez singled to left. Kemp lined out to right. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. Barrett pitching for Nationals. Crawford stole second. Uribe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Rojas at shortstop. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Frandsen fouled out to third. Moore hit for Barrett. Moore struck out swinging. Rendon singled to left. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rendon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Cedeno pitching for Nationals. Pederson grounded out to second. Ellis flied out to center. Turner hit for Kershaw. Turner lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Werth safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Rojas. Desmond struck out swinging. Ramos struck out swinging. Werth to second on fielder's indifference. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 1 - Dodgers 4.	Kershaw earns ML-best 17th win