Marlins - Top 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Yelich grounded out to first. Solano flied out to right. McGehee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Span flied out to center. Rendon walked. Werth singled to left, Rendon to second. LaRoche grounded out to first, Rendon to third, Werth to second. Desmond grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Bour grounded out to third. Hernandez struck out swinging. Valdespin lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Harper singled to right. Ramos reached on infield single to third, Harper to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ramos out at second, Harper to third. Strasburg sacrificed to pitcher, Harper scored, Cabrera to second. Span reached on infield single to second, Cabrera out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop. Mathis doubled to deep left center. Eovaldi sacrificed to pitcher, Mathis to third. Yelich struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Rendon grounded out to second. Werth grounded out to third. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Solano grounded out to shortstop. McGehee singled to right center. Bour struck out looking. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Desmond struck out swinging. Harper lined out to third. Ramos singled to right. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Valdespin flied out to left. Hechavarria grounded out to pitcher. Mathis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Strasburg struck out looking. Span singled to center. Rendon walked, Span to second. Werth singled to center, Span to third, Rendon to second. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop, Span scored, Rendon to third, Werth to second. Desmond walked. Harper struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Zimmerman at first base. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Eovaldi grounded out to shortstop. Yelich walked. Solano struck out looking. McGehee grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera struck out swinging. Schierholtz hit for Strasburg. Schierholtz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Blevins pitching for Nationals. Bour struck out swinging. Hernandez flied out to right. Valdespin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Taylor hit for Span. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. Rendon reached on infield single to shortstop. Werth grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rendon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Taylor in center field. Souza Jr. in right field. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Hechavarria walked. Mathis flied out to right. Jones hit for Eovaldi. Jones struck out swinging. Yelich flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Capps pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman singled to right. Desmond singled to left, Zimmerman to second. Harper walked, Zimmerman to third, Desmond to second. Ramos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zimmerman out at home, Desmond to third, Harper to second. Cabrera doubled to deep right center, Desmond, Harper and Ramos scored. Frandsen hit for Clippard. Frandsen walked. DeSclafani pitching for Marlins. Cabrera to third, Frandsen to second on wild pitch by DeSclafani. Taylor struck out looking. Rendon struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Solano grounded out to second. McGehee singled to right. Bour singled to center, McGehee to second. Hernandez safe at first on error by first baseman Zimmerman, McGehee to third, Bour to second. Johnson hit for Valdespin. Johnson popped out to shortstop. Hechavarria safe at first on error by third baseman Rendon, McGehee scored, Bour to third, Hernandez to second. Saltalamacchia hit for Mathis. Saltalamacchia lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 1 - Nationals 5.	Strasburg gets Ks lead in NL, Nats top Marlins 5-1