Mariners - Top 1st. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Saunders struck out swinging. Jones singled to right. Cano singled to right, Jones to second. Hart flied out to right, Jones to third. Jones scored, Cano to second on wild pitch by Chavez. Smoak doubled to left, Cano scored. Seager walked. Ackley singled to center, Smoak scored, Seager to third. Zunino grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Elias pitching for Mariners. Crisp singled to left. Lowrie flied out to center. Donaldson lined out to right. Cespedes lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Miller grounded out to second. Saunders grounded out to second. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Elias pitching for Mariners. Norris struck out swinging. Callaspo popped out to third. Gentry walked. Moss singled to shallow right, Gentry to second. Gentry to third, Moss to second on wild pitch by Elias. Punto singled to center, Gentry and Moss scored, Punto to second advancing on throw. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Cano singled to right. Hart flied out to center, Cano to second. Smoak grounded out to first, Cano to third. Seager flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Elias pitching for Mariners. Lowrie grounded out to third. Donaldson walked. Cespedes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Donaldson out at second. Norris grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cespedes out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Ackley walked. Zunino grounded out to shortstop, Ackley to second. Miller flied out to left. Saunders lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Elias pitching for Mariners. Callaspo struck out swinging. Gentry safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Miller. Moss flied out to center. Punto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 5th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Jones singled to right. Cano grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. Hart struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Elias pitching for Mariners. Crisp grounded out to pitcher. Lowrie struck out swinging. Donaldson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Smoak struck out looking. Seager hit by pitch. Ackley singled to center, Seager to third. Zunino hit sacrifice fly to right, Seager scored, Ackley to second. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Miller struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Elias pitching for Mariners. Cespedes homered to left (356 feet). Norris singled to right. Callaspo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Norris out at second. Gentry struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Saunders struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. Cano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Elias pitching for Mariners. Moss struck out looking. Punto walked. Leone pitching for Mariners. Crisp reached on bunt single to third, Punto to second. Lowrie grounded into fielder's choice to first, Crisp out at second, Punto to third. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lowrie out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Gregerson pitching for Athletics. Hart grounded out to third. Smoak struck out swinging. Seager doubled to right. Ackley intentionally walked. Zunino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Seager out at third, Ackley to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Leone pitching for Mariners. Cespedes struck out looking. Norris flied out to center. Callaspo walked. Sogard ran for Callaspo. Gentry singled to right, Sogard to second. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Moss struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Athletics. Miller walked. Saunders reached on bunt single to pitcher, Miller to second, Miller to third, Saunders to second on throwing error by pitcher Johnson. Jones struck out swinging. Cano intentionally walked. Hart grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Miller scored, Cano out at second, Saunders to third. Gillespie ran for Hart. Gillespie stole second. Smoak singled to center, Saunders and Gillespie scored. Seager doubled to deep center, Smoak scored. Otero pitching for Athletics. Ackley grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Punto lined out to first. Crisp grounded out to second. Lowrie walked. Lowrie to second on fielder's indifference. Donaldson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 8 - Athletics 3.	Elias wins second straight as Mariners beat A's