Royals - Top 1st. Elias pitching for Mariners. Aoki reached on infield single to second. Hosmer grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Aoki out at second. Butler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Jones struck out swinging. Miller safe at first on error by second baseman Giavotella. Cano flied out to center. Miller picked off first. Hart batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 2nd. Elias pitching for Mariners. Valencia reached on infield single to shortstop. Gordon singled to left, Valencia to second. Cain grounded into fielder's choice to third, Valencia safe at third on error by third baseman Seager, Gordon to second. Giavotella struck out swinging. Escobar homered to left (373 feet), Valencia, Gordon and Cain scored. Hayes popped out to catcher. Aoki struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Hart lined out to center. Smoak lined out to center. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Elias pitching for Mariners. Hosmer hit ground rule double to deep left center. Butler popped out to shortstop. Valencia reached on infield single to pitcher, Hosmer to third. Gordon popped out to third. Cain flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Ackley homered to center (407 feet). Romero hit by pitch. Zunino singled to right, Romero to third. Jones sacrificed to pitcher, Zunino to second. Miller doubled to deep right, Romero and Zunino scored. Cano lined into double play, first to shortstop, Miller doubled off second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Elias pitching for Mariners. Giavotella walked. Escobar singled to left center, Giavotella to second. Hayes struck out swinging. Aoki safe at first on error by first baseman Smoak, Giavotella scored, Escobar to second. Hosmer struck out swinging. Butler reached on infield single to second, Escobar to third, Aoki to second. Valencia grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Hart flied out to right. Smoak singled to right. Seager homered to right (340 feet), Smoak scored. Ackley homered to right center (395 feet). Romero grounded out to first. Zunino grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Elias pitching for Mariners. Gordon singled to center. Cain grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gordon out at second. Giavotella grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Jones doubled to deep left. Miller popped out to shortstop. Cano lined out to third. Hart singled to center, Jones scored. Herrera pitching for Royals. Smoak walked, Hart to second. Seager grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Leone pitching for Mariners. Escobar lined out to center. Hayes struck out swinging. Aoki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Ackley struck out swinging. Romero singled to center. Zunino grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Romero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Hosmer hit ground rule double to left. Butler struck out swinging. Valencia walked. Gordon walked, Hosmer to third, Valencia to second. Cain hit sacrifice fly to center, Hosmer scored, Valencia to third. Giavotella homered to left (393 feet), Valencia and Gordon scored. Escobar flied out to center. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Crow pitching for Royals. Jones grounded out to second. Miller grounded out to first. Cano singled to center. Hart grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cano out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Beimel pitching for Mariners. Hayes flied out to left. Aoki lined out to left. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Davis pitching for Royals. Smoak grounded out to second. Seager struck out swinging. Ackley singled to right. Saunders hit for Romero. Saunders struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Gillespie in right field. Medina pitching for Mariners. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Valencia struck out looking. Gordon singled to center, Gordon to second on error by right fielder Gillespie.A Gordon to third on throwing error by right fielder Gillespie. Cain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Holland pitching for Royals. Zunino struck out looking. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Miller grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 9 - Mariners 7.	Mariners make five errors in loss to Royals