Mariners - Top 1st. Cosart pitching for Astros. Chavez walked. Jones singled to left, Chavez to second. Cano singled to center, Chavez scored, Jones to third. Seager grounded out to shortstop, Jones scored, Cano to second. Morrison flied out to right, Cano to third. Zunino struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Altuve singled to center. Presley reached on infield single to shortstop, Altuve to second. Springer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Presley out at second, Altuve to third. Singleton struck out swinging. Dominguez singled to deep left center, Altuve scored, Springer to third. Castro struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Cosart pitching for Astros. Saunders struck out swinging. Ackley singled to right. Miller walked, Ackley to second. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Miller out at second, Ackley to third. Jones singled to left, Ackley scored, Chavez to second. Cano grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Carter struck out swinging. Santana struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center. Altuve grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Cosart pitching for Astros. Seager flied out to center. Morrison singled to center. Zunino struck out swinging. Saunders walked, Morrison to second. Ackley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Presley singled to center. Springer flied out to center. Singleton flied out to left. Dominguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Cosart pitching for Astros. Miller grounded out to second. Chavez doubled to deep left. Jones flied out to center. Cano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Castro flied out to left. Carter grounded out to second. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Cosart pitching for Astros. Seager singled to center. Morrison grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Seager out at second, Morrison to second on throwing error by second baseman Altuve. Zunino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morrison out at third. Saunders grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 5th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Altuve singled to center. Presley lined out to right. Springer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Cosart pitching for Astros. Ackley walked. Miller reached on infield single to third, Ackley to second. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Miller out at second, Ackley to third. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ackley out at home, Chavez to second. Cano doubled to left, Chavez and Jones scored. Downs pitching for Astros. Seager doubled to deep right, Cano scored. Morrison doubled to deep right, Seager scored. Zunino doubled to deep left, Morrison scored. Saunders singled to right center, Zunino scored. Ackley doubled to deep left, Saunders scored. Miller flied out to right. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Singleton grounded out to first. Dominguez flied out to left. Castro singled to center. Carter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Chapman pitching for Astros. Hernandez at second base. Chavez walked. Jones tripled to deep center, Chavez scored. Bloomquist hit for Cano. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop, Jones scored. Seager walked. Morrison flied out to right. Zunino flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Bloomquist at second base. Leone pitching for Mariners. Santana safe at first on error by shortstop Miller. Gonzalez singled to shallow right, Santana to third. Hernandez hit ground rule double to deep center, Santana scored, Gonzalez to third. Presley struck out looking. Springer struck out swinging. Singleton walked. Guzman hit for Dominguez. Guzman grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 8th. Guzman at third base. Allen Chapman pitching for Astros. Saunders singled to center. Ackley reached on infield single to first, Saunders to second. Miller struck out swinging. Gillespie hit for Chavez. Gillespie grounded out to pitcher, Saunders to third, Ackley to second. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Maurer pitching for Mariners. Castro grounded out to first. Carter flied out to right. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Corporan catching. Zeid pitching for Astros. Bloomquist lined out to center. Seager homered to right (401 feet). Morrison grounded out to shortstop. Zunino struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Maurer pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez lined out to left. Hernandez singled to center. Presley flied out to center. Springer reached on infield single to third, Hernandez to second. Singleton walked, Hernandez to third, Springer to second. Guzman popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 13 - Astros 2.	Cano and Seager lead Mariners over Astros 13-2