Mariners - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Jackson grounded out to second. Ackley reached on infield single to second. Ackley stole second. Cano struck out swinging. Morales lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Martinez safe at first on error by shortstop Taylor, Cabrera to third. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Seager singled to center. Zunino hit by pitch, Seager to second. Morrison singled to center, Seager scored, Zunino to third. Chavez singled to center, Zunino scored, Morrison to second. Taylor reached on bunt single to third, Morrison to third, Chavez to second. Jackson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Morrison scored, Taylor out at second, Chavez to third. Ackley grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Martinez singled to center. Castellanos flied out to right. Holaday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Cano homered to right (374 feet). Morales grounded out to third. Seager grounded out to first. Zunino struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Suarez grounded out to shortstop. Davis tripled to deep right. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop, Davis scored. Cabrera doubled to deep center. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Morrison doubled to deep right. Chavez grounded out to first, Morrison to third. Taylor singled to center, Morrison scored. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Taylor out at second. Jackson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Ackley batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Martinez flied out to right. Castellanos lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Ackley flied out to center. Cano singled to center. Morales grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cano safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Suarez. Seager singled to right, Cano scored, Morales to second. Zunino grounded into double play, third to first, Morales out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Holaday flied out to right. Suarez singled to left. Davis struck out swinging. Kinsler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Morrison flied out to right. Chavez grounded out to second. Taylor struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Cabrera struck out swinging. Martinez lined out to shortstop. Hunter walked. Martinez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 7th. Mercedes pitching for Tigers. Jackson grounded out to third. Ackley flied out to center. Cano grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Castellanos struck out looking. Holaday fouled out to first. Suarez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Mercedes pitching for Tigers. Morales grounded out to shortstop. Seager struck out looking. Zunino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Miller at second base. Jones in right field. Leone pitching for Mariners. Davis grounded out to third. Kinsler flied out to right. Cabrera walked. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Leone. Martinez singled to left center, Cabrera scored. Hunter struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Krol pitching for Tigers. Morrison grounded out to shortstop. Miller tripled to deep right. Taylor walked. Miller scored, Taylor caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Jackson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Martinez flied out to left. Castellanos grounded out to third. Holaday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - Tigers 2.	Surging Mariners ride Paxton gem by Tigers