Mariners - Top 1st. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Jackson reached on infield single to pitcher. Ackley doubled to deep left center, Jackson to third. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jackson out at home, Ackley to third. Morales singled to right center, Ackley scored, Cano to third. Seager reached on infield single to third, Cano scored, Morales out at third, Seager to second advancing on throw. Morrison singled to right, Seager scored. Denorfia struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Holt singled to left. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop, Holt to second. Ortiz struck out swinging. Cespedes singled to left, Holt scored. Napoli hit by pitch, Cespedes to second. Craig hit by pitch, Cespedes to third, Napoli to second. Middlebrooks singled to right, Cespedes and Napoli scored, Craig to third. Betts lined out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Zunino struck out swinging. Taylor flied out to left. Jackson grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Vazquez grounded out to shortstop. Holt grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Ackley grounded out to first. Cano flied out to center. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Ortiz walked. Miller at second base. Cespedes doubled to deep left center, Ortiz to third. Napoli grounded out to second, Ortiz scored, Cespedes to third. Craig reached on infield single to shortstop. Middlebrooks doubled to left, Cespedes scored, Craig to third. Leone pitching for Mariners. Betts walked. Vazquez fouled out to first. Holt struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Seager walked. Morrison hit ground rule double to deep right, Seager to third. Denorfia hit sacrifice fly to right, Seager scored, Morrison to third. Zunino struck out swinging. Taylor struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Leone pitching for Mariners. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz struck out swinging. Cespedes walked. Napoli flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Jackson singled to right. Ackley tripled to deep center, Jackson scored. Miller hit sacrifice fly to right, Ackley scored. Morales walked. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Seager flied out to left. Morrison flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Leone pitching for Mariners. Craig grounded out to shortstop. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. Betts walked. Vazquez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Denorfia grounded out to first. Zunino walked. Zunino caught stealing second, catcher to first to second. Taylor singled to left. Taylor stole second. Taylor caught stealing third, catcher to third. Jackson batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Holt grounded out to second. Beimel pitching for Mariners. Holt grounded out to second. Beimel pitching for Mariners. Holt grounded out to second. Beimel pitching for Mariners. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz singled to deep right. Johnson ran for Ortiz. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Cespedes singled to right, Johnson to third. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Jackson walked. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Ackley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jackson out at second. Miller flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Craig doubled to deep left center. Middlebrooks lined out to left. Betts singled to right, Craig to third. Vazquez lined into double play, pitcher to first, Betts out at first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Morales singled to left center. Morales to second on passed ball by Vazquez. Chavez ran for Morales. Chavez to third on passed ball by Vazquez. Seager singled to center, Chavez scored. Morrison grounded out to shortstop, Seager to second. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Denorfia grounded out to third. Zunino grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Holt reached on infield single to shortstop. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Holt reached on infield single to shortstop. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Holt reached on infield single to shortstop. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Holt reached on infield single to shortstop. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Holt reached on infield single to shortstop. Holt to second on passed ball by Zunino. Pedroia struck out swinging. Johnson doubled to left center, Holt scored. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Cespedes flied out to left. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Cespedes flied out to left. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Cespedes flied out to left. Johnson to third on wild pitch by Wilhelmsen. Napoli walked. Craig struck out looking. 1 Run, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Mujica pitching for Red Sox. Taylor flied out to center. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Ackley singled to right. Miller doubled to left, Ackley scored. Chavez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Rodney pitching for Mariners. Middlebrooks struck out looking. Betts singled to right. Nava hit for Vazquez. Betts to second on fielder's indifference. Nava struck out swinging. Holt walked. Betts stole third, Holt stole second. Pedroia walked. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 8 - Red Sox 6.	M's deal Red Sox 8th straight loss