White Sox - Top 1st. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Eaton grounded out to second. Semien flied out to left. Abreu doubled to deep right. Viciedo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for White Sox. Blackmon tripled to deep right center. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop, Blackmon scored. Gonzalez singled to center. Rosario grounded out to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Morneau walked. Arenado lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Gillaspie grounded out to shortstop. Garcia walked. Ramirez singled to center, Garcia to third, Ramirez to second advancing on throw. Flowers singled to center, Garcia scored, Ramirez to third. Johnson bunt popped out to catcher. Eaton reached on infield single to third, Ramirez scored, Flowers to second. Semien struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for White Sox. Culberson grounded out to second. LeMahieu singled to center. LeMahieu stole second. Nicasio grounded out to shortstop, LeMahieu to third. Blackmon singled to center, LeMahieu scored. Blackmon caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cuddyer batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Abreu singled to center. Viciedo struck out swinging. Gillaspie grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for White Sox. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center. Rosario lined out to right. Morneau hit by pitch, Gonzalez to second. Arenado singled to left center, Gonzalez scored, Morneau to second. Culberson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Garcia walked. Ramirez fouled out to right. Flowers struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for White Sox. LeMahieu lined out to right. Nicasio struck out looking. Blackmon fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Eaton reached on infield single to third. Semien singled to center, Eaton to third. Abreu flied out to right. Semien stole second. Viciedo struck out swinging. Gillaspie singled to center, Eaton and Semien scored. Garcia struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for White Sox. Cuddyer struck out looking. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Rosario singled to center. Rosario out at second, catcher to shortstop. Morneau batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Ramirez grounded out to first. Flowers grounded out to shortstop. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for White Sox. Morneau doubled to deep left, Morneau to third on error by left fielder Viciedo. Arenado grounded out to third. Culberson grounded out to pitcher. LeMahieu doubled to right, Morneau scored. Viciedo in right field. De Aza in left field. Cleto pitching for White Sox. Barnes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. Semien struck out looking. Abreu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Cleto pitching for White Sox. Blackmon flied out to right. Cuddyer walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Rosario struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Viciedo lined out to left. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Gillaspie fouled out to third. De Aza grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Downs pitching for White Sox. Morneau singled to center. Stubbs ran for Morneau. Belisario pitching for White Sox. Arenado singled to left, Stubbs to second. Culberson sacrificed to pitcher, Stubbs to third, Arenado to second. LeMahieu singled to center, Stubbs and Arenado scored, LeMahieu to second advancing on throw. Rutledge singled to center, LeMahieu scored. Blackmon singled to right, Rutledge to third. Cuddyer singled to center, Rutledge scored, Blackmon to second. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Gonzalez doubled to left, Blackmon and Cuddyer scored. Rosario grounded out to shortstop, Gonzalez to third. Stubbs grounded out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Ramirez grounded out to third. Flowers grounded out to first. Logan pitching for Rockies. Konerko grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 4 - Rockies 10.	LeMahieu sparks 6-run 8th, powers Rockies