White Sox - Top 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Eaton flied out to left. Semien grounded out to third. Gillaspie popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Choo singled to right. Andrus singled to center, Andrus out at second attempting to advance on play, Choo to third. Rios doubled to right, Choo scored. Fielder grounded out to pitcher, Rios to third. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Abreu singled to center. Dunn singled to center, Abreu to second. Viciedo singled to center, Abreu to third, Dunn to second. Ramirez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Abreu scored, Viciedo out at second, Dunn to third. Flowers struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Choice lined out to right. Chirinos grounded out to shortstop. Martin walked. Martin caught stealing second, catcher to second. Wilson batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Jor Danks struck out swinging. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. Semien flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Wilson flied out to right. Choo doubled to left center. Andrus grounded out to second, Choo to third. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Gillaspie grounded out to first. Abreu popped out to first. Dunn singled to center. Dunn stole second, Dunn safe at third on throwing error by catcher Chirinos. Viciedo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Fielder homered to right (393 feet). Kouzmanoff flied out to center. Choice walked. Chirinos singled to left center, Choice to second. Martin grounded out to second, Choice to third, Chirinos to second. Wilson singled to left, Choice and Chirinos scored, Wilson to second advancing on throw. Choo doubled to right, Wilson scored. Andrus lined out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Ramirez flied out to right. Flowers singled to right. Jor Danks struck out swinging. Eaton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. De Aza in left field. Jor Danks in center field. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Rios singled to center. Fielder grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Rios out at second. Kouzmanoff flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Semien struck out swinging. Gillaspie doubled to deep right center. Abreu walked. Poreda pitching for Rangers. Dunn flied out to center, Gillaspie to third. Viciedo walked, Abreu to second. Frasor pitching for Rangers. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Viciedo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Choice grounded out to shortstop. Chirinos grounded out to shortstop. Martin reached on infield single to second. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Flowers grounded out to shortstop. Jor Danks flied out to center. De Aza grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Choo struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to second. Rios singled to shallow right center. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Semien popped out to second. Gillaspie walked. Abreu singled to center, Gillaspie to second. Dunn singled to center, Gillaspie to third, Abreu to second. Viciedo singled to left, Gillaspie and Abreu scored, Dunn to second. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Viciedo out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Kouzmanoff homered to left (396 feet). Choice singled to right. Chirinos grounded into fielder's choice to third, Choice out at second. Martin grounded out to third, Chirinos to second. Wilson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Rangers. Flowers flied out to center. Jor Danks flied out to right. De Aza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 3 - Rangers 6.	Lewis gets 1st win in 2 years, Texas 6-3 over WSox