White Sox - Top 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Jor Danks flied out to center. Semien struck out looking. Abreu homered to center (435 feet). Dunn flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Leesman pitching for White Sox. Davis grounded out to second. Kinsler doubled to deep left. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Kinsler scored. Martinez flied out to center. Hunter flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Viciedo doubled to deep right. Ramirez fouled out to catcher. De Aza walked. Flowers grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, De Aza out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Leesman pitching for White Sox. Martinez grounded out to third. Castellanos flied out to right. Avila singled to center. Avila caught stealing second, catcher to second. Romine batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Garcia grounded out to shortstop. Jor Danks flied out to left. Semien reached on infield single to third. Semien to second on balk by Verlander. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Leesman pitching for White Sox. Romine reached on infield single to second. Davis singled to center, Romine to third. Kinsler doubled to left, Romine and Davis scored. Cabrera homered to right (369 feet), Kinsler scored. Martinez doubled to deep left. Hunter flied out to center, Martinez to third. Martinez walked. Castellanos hit sacrifice fly to right, Martinez scored. Avila singled to center, Martinez to third. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Romine struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Dunn flied out to center. Viciedo reached on infield single to third. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Viciedo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Davis struck out swinging. Kinsler walked. Kinsler to second on wild pitch by Putnam. Cabrera struck out swinging, Kinsler to third on wild pitch by Putnam. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. De Aza popped out to second. Flowers struck out looking. Garcia walked. Jor Danks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop. Castellanos struck out swinging, Martinez stole second, Martinez to third on throwing error by catcher Flowers. Downs pitching for White Sox. Avila doubled to right, Martinez scored. Romine walked. Davis doubled to center, Avila scored, Romine to third. Kinsler lined out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Semien struck out swinging. Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop. Dunn struck out looking. Viciedo singled to center, Abreu to third. Ramirez singled to center, Abreu scored, Viciedo to second. De Aza grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Konerko at first base. Downs pitching for White Sox. Cabrera flied out to right. Martinez flied out to right. Hunter singled to left center. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hunter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Flowers grounded out to third. Garcia struck out swinging. Jor Danks singled to right. Semien fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Nieto catching. Webb pitching for White Sox. Castellanos doubled to right. Avila flied out to right. Romine grounded out to shortstop, Castellanos to third. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Konerko grounded out to second. Dunn walked. Viciedo singled to right, Dunn to second. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop, Dunn to third, Viciedo to second. De Aza hit sacrifice fly to center, Dunn scored, Viciedo to third. Nieto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Cleto pitching for White Sox. Kinsler safe at first on error by third baseman Semien. Cabrera singled to center, Kinsler to second. Martinez flied out to right, Kinsler to third. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kinsler out at home, Cabrera to second. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 9th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Garcia struck out swinging. Jor Danks struck out swinging. Semien doubled to left. Konerko singled to right center, Semien scored. Dunn homered to right (417 feet), Konerko scored. Chamberlain pitching for Tigers. Viciedo walked. Ramirez lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 6 - Tigers 8.	Cabrera homers as Tigers hold off White Sox