Cubs - Top 1st. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Kalish singled to center. Valbuena grounded out to first, Kalish to second. Rizzo singled to center, Kalish to third. Castro grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rizzo out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. Gillaspie singled to left center. Abreu singled to right, Gillaspie to second. Dunn flied out to center. Viciedo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Schierholtz grounded out to second. Castillo safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez. Coghlan fouled out to catcher. Olt hit by pitch, Castillo to second. Lake struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Ramirez reached on infield single to second. De Aza singled to center, Ramirez to second. Sierra singled to left, Ramirez scored, De Aza to second, De Aza to third on throwing error by left fielder Lake. Flowers grounded out to third, De Aza scored, Sierra to second. Beckham lined into double play, first to shortstop, Sierra doubled off second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 3rd. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Kalish tripled to deep right. Valbuena singled to center, Kalish scored. Rizzo homered to center, Valbuena scored. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Schierholtz singled to center. Castillo hit by pitch, Schierholtz to second. Coghlan singled to right, Schierholtz to third, Castillo to second. Olt popped out to shortstop. Lake walked, Schierholtz scored, Castillo to third, Coghlan to second. Kalish grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Gillaspie walked. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gillaspie out at second. Dunn lined out to left. Viciedo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Valbuena flied out to left. Rizzo walked. Castro homered to left center, Rizzo scored. Schierholtz tripled to right. Castillo popped out to second. Coghlan struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Ramirez singled to right. De Aza flied out to right. Ramirez to second on passed ball by Castillo. Sierra grounded out to pitcher. Flowers singled to center, Ramirez scored. Beckham singled to center, Flowers to second. Gillaspie singled to center, Flowers scored, Beckham to second. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Olt singled to center. Lake singled to center, Olt to second. Downs pitching for White Sox. Kalish lined out to left. Valbuena grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lake out at second, Olt to third. Rizzo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Schlitter pitching for Cubs. Dunn flied out to left. Viciedo grounded out to second. Ramirez singled to center. De Aza grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Downs pitching for White Sox. Castro struck out swinging. Schierholtz flied out to center. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Schlitter pitching for Cubs. Sierra grounded out to shortstop. Flowers grounded out to second. Beckham hit by pitch. Rosscup pitching for Cubs. Gillaspie struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Cleto pitching for White Sox. Coghlan walked. Coghlan to second on wild pitch by Cleto. Olt struck out looking. Lake struck out swinging. Kalish grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Rosscup pitching for Cubs. Abreu struck out swinging. Dunn walked. Ramirez pitching for Cubs. Viciedo struck out swinging. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Cleto pitching for White Sox. Valbuena walked. Rizzo doubled to deep right, Valbuena to third. Castro grounded out to third. Schierholtz walked. Castillo hit by pitch, Valbuena scored, Rizzo to third, Schierholtz to second. Coghlan struck out looking. Olt homered to left, Rizzo, Schierholtz and Castillo scored. Lake singled to center. Kalish flied out to center. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Grimm pitching for Cubs. De Aza struck out swinging. Sierra struck out swinging. Flowers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Nieto catching. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Valbuena lined out to first. Rizzo grounded out to second. Castro hit by pitch. Castro to second on passed ball by Nieto. Schierholtz walked. Castillo singled to center, Castro scored, Schierholtz to third. Coghlan flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Garcia hit for Beckham. Grimm pitching for Cubs. Garcia grounded out to first. Gillaspie popped out to shortstop. Semien hit for Abreu. Semien walked. Dunn singled to center, Semien to second. Viciedo singled to left, Semien scored, Dunn to second. Ramirez singled to center, Dunn to third, Viciedo to second. Wright pitching for Cubs. De Aza struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 12 - White Sox 5.	Cubs belt White Sox, avoid sweep