Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Pollock flied out to center. Prado singled to left. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. Semien flied out to right. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Hill flied out to center. Ross singled to left. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ross out at second. Al Marte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Viciedo struck out swinging. Ramirez flied out to right. Konerko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Owings grounded out to pitcher. Pollock lined out to shortstop. Prado lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Sierra struck out swinging. Flowers flied out to right. De Aza grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Montero flied out to center. Hill struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Beckham singled to left. Semien grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beckham out at second. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Ross singled to center. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ross out at second. Al Marte doubled to left, Parra scored. Owings doubled to left center, Al Marte to third. Pollock singled to center, Al Marte scored, Owings to third. Prado hit sacrifice fly to center, Owings scored. Pollock stole second. Goldschmidt intentionally walked. Montero struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Viciedo singled to left. Ramirez fouled out to first. Konerko homered to left (394 feet), Viciedo scored. Sierra grounded out to shortstop. Flowers struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Hill flied out to center. Ross singled to left. Parra popped out to second. Al Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. De Aza bunt popped out to pitcher. Beckham lined out to center. Semien singled to left. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Semien out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Owings doubled to deep center, Owings out stretching at third. Pollock walked. Prado singled to right center, Pollock to second. Goldschmidt walked, Pollock to third, Prado to second. Montero singled to right center, Pollock scored, Prado to third, Goldschmidt to second. Hill grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Montero out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Viciedo lined out to shortstop. Ramirez struck out looking. Konerko popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Webb pitching for White Sox. Ross flied out to center. Parra singled to center. Chavez hit for Al Marte. Chavez grounded into double play, second to third to first, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Inciarte in left field. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Dunn hit for Sierra. Dunn struck out looking. Flowers hit ground rule double to right. De Aza grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Flowers out at third. Beckham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, De Aza out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Viciedo in right field. Dunn in left field. Webb pitching for White Sox. Owings flied out to center. Pollock tripled to deep right. Prado grounded out to pitcher. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Gillaspie hit for Semien. Gillaspie singled to center. Abreu struck out looking. Gillaspie to second on wild pitch by Reed. Viciedo struck out swinging. Ramirez singled to center, Gillaspie scored. Ramirez stole second. Konerko grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - White Sox 3.	Miley shuts down White Sox in D'backs 4-3 win