White Sox - Top 1st. Vargas pitching for Royals. Eaton grounded out to second. Beckham flied out to right. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Aoki singled to center. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to center, Aoki safe at third on error by second baseman Beckham. Hosmer doubled to deep right, Aoki and Escobar scored. Butler singled to center, Hosmer scored. Gordon walked, Butler to second. Perez flied out to center, Butler to third, Gordon to second. Cain singled to center, Butler and Gordon scored, Cain to second advancing on throw. Moustakas grounded out to second, Cain to third. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Royals. Dunn singled to shallow right. Konerko struck out looking. Viciedo singled to left center, Dunn to second. Flowers grounded into fielder's choice to third, Viciedo out at second, Dunn to third. Sierra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Aoki grounded out to shortstop. Escobar struck out swinging. Hosmer walked. Butler singled to left, Hosmer to second. Gordon walked, Hosmer to third, Butler to second. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Royals. Semien singled to center. Eaton bunted into fielder's choice to first, Semien out at second. Beckham walked, Eaton to second. Ramirez homered to left (394 feet), Eaton and Beckham scored. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Cain struck out looking. Moustakas popped out to shortstop. Giavotella hit by pitch. Giavotella caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Aoki batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Vargas pitching for Royals. Viciedo homered to left (412 feet). Flowers struck out swinging. Sierra struck out looking. Semien struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Aoki grounded out to shortstop. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop. Escobar stole second. Hosmer singled to right, Escobar scored. Butler singled to center, Hosmer to second. Gordon flied out to center, Hosmer to third. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Butler out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Vargas pitching for Royals. Eaton singled to left. Beckham singled to deep center, Eaton to third, Beckham out stretching at second. Ramirez grounded out to first, Eaton scored. Dunn walked. Konerko homered to center (422 feet), Dunn scored. Coleman pitching for Royals. Viciedo grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Cain grounded out to shortstop. Moustakas walked. Giavotella grounded into double play, third to second to first, Moustakas out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Flowers grounded out to second. Sierra reached on infield single to shortstop, Sierra to second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Semien lined out to center. Eaton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 6th. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Aoki grounded out to shortstop. Escobar struck out looking. Hosmer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Beckham lined out to shortstop. Ramirez singled to right. Dunn walked, Ramirez to second. Konerko lined into double play, to first, Dunn doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Belisario pitching for White Sox. Butler grounded out to third. Gordon flied out to left. Perez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Davis pitching for Royals. Viciedo grounded out to second. Flowers singled to center. Sierra struck out swinging. Flowers to second on wild pitch by Davis. Semien struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. De Aza in left field. Belisario pitching for White Sox. Cain grounded out to second. Moustakas struck out swinging. Giavotella struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Hayes catching. Collins pitching for Royals. Eaton struck out swinging. Beckham grounded out to pitcher. Ramirez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Lindstrom pitching for White Sox. Aoki singled to left center. Dyson ran for Aoki. Escobar sacrificed to catcher, Dyson to second, Escobar safe at first on error by pitcher Lindstrom. Downs pitching for White Sox. Hosmer struck out swinging. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Dyson caught stealing third, pitcher to second to third, Escobar to second on runner's fielder's choice. Butler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: White Sox 7 - Royals 6.	Konerko caps White Sox's rally from 5 down