White Sox - Top 1st. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Eaton struck out looking. Beckham flied out to right. Gillaspie singled to right. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Sale pitching for White Sox. Kendrick struck out swinging. Trout walked. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Trout safe at second on error by third baseman Gillaspie. Freese grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 2nd. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Dunn struck out swinging. Ramirez struck out swinging. Viciedo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Hamilton struck out swinging. Cron struck out swinging. Aybar fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. De Aza doubled to deep left center. Flowers sacrificed to pitcher, De Aza to third. Eaton singled to right, De Aza scored. Beckham singled to center, Eaton scored. Gillaspie grounded out to second, Beckham to second. Abreu struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Iannetta popped out to second. Cowgill struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Dunn flied out to left. Ramirez singled to left. Viciedo flied out to left. De Aza doubled to deep right center, Ramirez scored. Flowers grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Trout lined out to center. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Freese grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Eaton reached on bunt single to pitcher. Beckham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Eaton out at second. Gillaspie doubled to right. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Hamilton singled to right. Cron flied out to left. Aybar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hamilton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Dunn homered to center (409 feet). Morin pitching for Angels. Ramirez walked. Viciedo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Aybar. De Aza hit sacrifice fly to left, Ramirez scored. Flowers struck out swinging. Eaton lined out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 6th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Iannetta struck out looking. Cowgill grounded out to pitcher. Kendrick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Rasmus pitching for Angels. Beckham walked. Gillaspie grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Beckham out at second. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Trout flied out to center. Pujols flied out to left. Freese singled to left center. Hamilton singled to center, Freese to third. Hamilton stole second. Cron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Rasmus pitching for Angels. Dunn struck out swinging. Ramirez struck out swinging. Viciedo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Sierra in right field. Sale pitching for White Sox. Aybar doubled to left. Iannetta singled to center, Aybar scored. Cowgill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Iannetta safe at second on error by shortstop Ramirez. Kendrick singled to right, Iannetta to third, Cowgill to second. Trout homered to center (410 feet), Iannetta, Cowgill and Kendrick scored. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Pujols struck out swinging. Freese grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton singled to left. Cron singled to right, Hamilton to third. Aybar singled to center, Hamilton scored, Cron to third. Iannetta flied out to center. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 9th. Frieri pitching for Angels. McDonald at third base. De Aza struck out looking. Flowers struck out swinging. Eaton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 5 - Angels 6.	Trout hits GS as Angels rally past White Sox