White Sox - Top 1st. Hughes pitching for Twins. Eaton singled to center. Beckham grounded into double play, third to second to first, Eaton out at second. Abreu grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Danks pitching for White Sox. Santana walked. Dozier walked, Santana to second. Mauer flied out to left, Santana to third. Dozier to second on wild pitch by Danks. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Santana scored, Dozier out at third. Morales singled to right, Willingham to second. Arcia struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Hughes pitching for Twins. Dunn grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to third. Gillaspie struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Suzuki doubled to left. Escobar singled to center, Suzuki thrown out at home, Escobar to second advancing on throw. Fuld doubled to deep right, Escobar scored. Santana grounded out to third. Fuld stole third. Dozier walked. Mauer singled to center, Fuld scored, Dozier to second. Willingham flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Hughes pitching for Twins. Sierra singled to center. De Aza singled to center, Sierra to second. Flowers walked, Sierra to third, De Aza to second. Eaton struck out swinging. Beckham doubled to deep left center, Sierra and De Aza scored, Flowers to third. Abreu singled to center, Flowers and Beckham scored, Abreu to second advancing on throw. Dunn struck out swinging. Ramirez reached on infield single to third, Abreu to third. Gillaspie singled to left center, Abreu scored, Ramirez to third. Sierra grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Morales grounded out to shortstop. Arcia popped out to second. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Hughes pitching for Twins. De Aza singled to center. Flowers grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, De Aza out at second. Eaton fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Escobar flied out to center. Fuld walked. Santana reached on infield single to shortstop, Fuld to second. Dozier singled to center, Fuld scored, Santana to third. Mauer singled to center, Santana scored, Dozier to third, Mauer to second advancing on throw. Willingham hit sacrifice fly to left, Dozier scored. Morales grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Hughes pitching for Twins. Beckham safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Santana. Abreu lined out to third. Dunn struck out swinging. Ramirez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 5th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Arcia fouled out to first. Suzuki singled to center. Escobar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Gillaspie popped out to second. Sierra grounded out to shortstop. De Aza grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Fuld doubled to deep right. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Santana bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Fuld out at third. Santana caught stealing second, catcher to second. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Flowers lined out to shortstop. Eaton flied out to center. Beckham grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. Willingham struck out looking. Morales grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Fien pitching for Twins. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. Dunn lined out to center. Ramirez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Downs pitching for White Sox. Arcia struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to center. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Escobar struck out swinging. Fuld grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Parmelee in left field. Burton pitching for Twins. Gillaspie struck out swinging. Viciedo hit for Sierra. Viciedo struck out swinging. De Aza bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 5 - Twins 6.	Mauer, Twins beat White Sox 6-5 for 4-game sweep