White Sox - Top 1st. Kluber pitching for Indians. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez singled to shallow center. Abreu lined out to right. Dunn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Kipnis flied out to center. Cabrera singled to center. Brantley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Viciedo struck out swinging. Gillaspie hit ground rule double to right. De Aza singled to right, Gillaspie to third. Nieto doubled to deep left, Gillaspie scored, De Aza to third. Garcia grounded out to first, De Aza scored, Nieto to third. Eaton hit by pitch. Ramirez lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Santana struck out swinging. Chisenhall lined out to left. Swisher singled to deep right. Murphy homered to right center (394 feet), Swisher scored. Gomes struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Abreu singled to right. Dunn struck out swinging. Viciedo struck out looking. Gillaspie walked, Abreu to second. De Aza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Dickerson flied out to left. Kipnis grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera walked. Brantley lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Nieto singled to left center. Garcia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nieto out at second. Eaton doubled to deep left, Garcia scored. Ramirez struck out swinging. Abreu grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Santana walked. Chisenhall singled to right, Santana to second. Swisher struck out swinging. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Chisenhall out at second, Santana to third. Gomes walked, Murphy to second. Dickerson walked, Santana scored, Murphy to third, Gomes to second. Kipnis grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Dunn homered to center (391 feet). Viciedo popped out to second. Gillaspie grounded out to second. De Aza grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Cabrera reached on bunt single to pitcher. Brantley lined out to second. Santana struck out swinging. Cabrera stole second. Chisenhall singled to center, Cabrera scored, Chisenhall to second on throwing error by center fielder Eaton. Swisher homered to center (415 feet), Chisenhall scored. Rienzo pitching for White Sox. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Nieto flied out to left. Garcia walked. Eaton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Garcia out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Rienzo pitching for White Sox. Gomes walked. Dickerson sacrificed to third, Gomes to second. Kipnis walked, Gomes to third on passed ball. Kipnis batting. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kipnis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Axford pitching for Indians. Ramirez grounded out to second. Abreu struck out swinging. Dunn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Rienzo pitching for White Sox. Brantley singled to shallow center. Santana doubled to deep right, Brantley scored. Chisenhall sacrificed to third, Santana to third. Surkamp pitching for White Sox. Swisher safe at first on error by second baseman Garcia. Raburn hit for Murphy. Webb pitching for White Sox. Raburn struck out swinging. Gomes grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 8th. Raburn in right field. Shaw pitching for Indians. Viciedo struck out swinging. Gillaspie grounded out to second. De Aza struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Webb pitching for White Sox. Dickerson singled to center. Kipnis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Dickerson out at second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Allen pitching for Indians. Nieto struck out swinging. Garcia struck out swinging. Eaton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 4 - Indians 7.	Kluber, Swisher lead Indians past White Sox 7-4