Twins - Top 1st. Sale pitching for White Sox. Santana popped out to third. Dozier walked. Plouffe singled to left, Dozier to second. Willingham flied out to right. Suzuki hit by pitch, Dozier to third, Plouffe to second. Vargas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Darnell pitching for Twins. Eaton walked. Beckham popped out to second. Abreu walked. Konerko struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 2nd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Colabello struck out swinging. Parmelee struck out swinging. Escobar popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Darnell pitching for Twins. Gillaspie struck out swinging. Flowers walked. De Aza grounded into fielder's choice to first, Flowers out at second. Sierra tripled to deep right, De Aza scored. Eaton reached on bunt single to second, Sierra scored, Eaton to second on missed catch error by first baseman Vargas. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 3rd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Dozier singled to left. Plouffe singled to left center, Dozier to second. Willingham singled to center, Dozier scored, Plouffe to second. Suzuki doubled to left, Plouffe scored, Willingham to third. Vargas hit ground rule double to deep right, Willingham and Suzuki scored. Vargas to third on passed ball by Flowers. Colabello grounded out to second, Vargas scored. Parmelee struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Darnell pitching for Twins. Abreu hit by pitch. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to second, Abreu out at second. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Konerko out at second. Gillaspie doubled to right, Ramirez scored. Flowers struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Escobar doubled to left. Santana popped out to second. Dozier struck out swinging. Plouffe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Darnell pitching for Twins. De Aza grounded out to second. Sierra walked. Eaton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sierra out at second. Beckham singled to right, Eaton to second. Abreu singled to left, Eaton scored, Beckham to second. Konerko struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Willingham lined out to left. Suzuki lined out to center. Vargas flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Ramirez popped out to second. Gillaspie struck out looking. Flowers homered to right (347 feet). De Aza singled to right. Sierra grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Colabello struck out looking. Parmelee grounded out to third. Escobar singled to left. Santana lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Eaton lined out to left. Beckham struck out swinging. Abreu singled to center. Konerko singled to left, Abreu to second. Ramirez doubled to deep left, Abreu scored, Konerko to third. Duensing pitching for Twins. Gillaspie fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Webb pitching for White Sox. Dozier reached on infield single to third. Plouffe grounded out to shortstop, Dozier to second. Willingham grounded out to shortstop, Dozier to third. Suzuki singled to center, Dozier scored. Vargas grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Flowers flied out to center. De Aza grounded out to third. Sierra reached on infield single to third. Sierra caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Eaton batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Arcia hit for Colabello. Surkamp pitching for White Sox. Arcia struck out looking. Parmelee homered to right center (408 feet). Guerra pitching for White Sox. Escobar grounded out to second. Santana struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Fien pitching for Twins. Eaton singled to left. Beckham struck out swinging. Abreu singled to center, Eaton to third. Konerko singled to left, Eaton scored, Abreu to third. Ramirez singled to right, Abreu scored, Konerko to second. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Viciedo ran for Konerko. Gillaspie lined out to left. Burton pitching for Twins. Flowers singled to right, Viciedo scored, Ramirez to third. De Aza singled to center, Ramirez scored, Flowers to second. Sierra flied out to left. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Dozier reached on infield single to pitcher. Plouffe reached on infield single to third, Dozier to second. Willingham singled to center, Dozier to third, Plouffe to second. Nunez ran for Willingham. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dozier scored, Nunez out at second, Plouffe to third. Vargas struck out looking. Arcia struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 8 - White Sox 10.	Abreu extends streak, White Sox beat Twins 10-8