Twins - Top 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Santana singled to center. Dozier popped out to shortstop. Santana stole second. Plouffe walked. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Santana safe at third on error by third baseman Gillaspie, Plouffe to second. Vargas hit by pitch, Santana scored, Plouffe to third, Willingham to second. Colabello grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Plouffe out at home. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Gibson pitching for Twins. Eaton struck out swinging. Beckham grounded out to third. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Arcia struck out swinging. Fryer safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Gillaspie. Nunez flied out to center. Fryer stole second. Fryer safe at third on throwing error by catcher Flowers. Santana walked. Santana stole second. Dozier flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Gillaspie popped out to third. Ramirez grounded out to third. Konerko lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Plouffe grounded out to third. Willingham struck out swinging. Vargas singled to right. Colabello flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Viciedo lined out to center. De Aza singled to center. Flowers flied out to center. Eaton singled to right, De Aza to second. Beckham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eaton out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Arcia singled to center. Fryer singled to right, Arcia to third. Nunez struck out swinging. Santana popped out to second. Dozier flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Abreu popped out to first. Gillaspie doubled to shallow left. Ramirez doubled to left, Gillaspie scored. Konerko grounded out to third, Ramirez to third. Viciedo homered to left (395 feet), Ramirez scored. De Aza struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Plouffe singled to center. Willingham struck out looking. Vargas struck out swinging. Plouffe caught stealing second, catcher to second. Colabello batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Flowers struck out swinging. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. Beckham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Guerra pitching for White Sox. Colabello singled to left center. Arcia struck out swinging. Fryer singled to center, Colabello to second. Nunez singled to left, Colabello scored, Nunez to second, Fryer to second, Fryer to third advancing on throw. Santana doubled to deep right, Fryer and Nunez scored. Dozier grounded out to third. Plouffe walked. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Santana out at third, Plouffe to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Abreu grounded out to second. Gillaspie lined out to right. Ramirez singled to left. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Thompson pitching for White Sox. Vargas struck out swinging. Colabello walked. Arcia flied out to center. Fryer grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Viciedo grounded out to shortstop. De Aza safe at first on error by first baseman Colabello. Flowers lined out to right. De Aza stole second. Eaton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 8th. Thompson pitching for White Sox. Nunez walked. Nunez stole second. Santana tripled to deep right, Nunez scored. Dozier walked. Belisario pitching for White Sox. Plouffe singled to center, Santana scored, Dozier to second. Willingham singled to left, Dozier to third, Plouffe to second. Vargas singled to left, Dozier scored, Plouffe to third, Willingham to second. Parmelee hit for Colabello. Parmelee singled to center, Plouffe scored, Willingham to third, Vargas to second. Surkamp pitching for White Sox. Arcia doubled to deep right, Willingham and Vargas scored, Parmelee to third. Fryer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Parmelee scored, Arcia out at third. Nunez doubled to right, Fryer to third. Santana reached on infield single to shortstop, Fryer scored, Nunez to third. Dozier singled to right center, Nunez scored, Santana to second. Plouffe flied out to center. Willingham popped out to second. 9 Runs, 9 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Parmelee at first base. Deduno pitching for Twins. Beckham hit by pitch. Abreu grounded out to second, Beckham to second. Gillaspie flied out to center. Garcia hit for Ramirez. Garcia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Garcia at shortstop. Rienzo pitching for White Sox. Sierra in right field. Viciedo in left field. De Aza in center field. Nieto catching. Vargas struck out swinging. Parmelee homered to right (369 feet). Arcia homered to right (468 feet). Fryer homered to left (366 feet). Nunez struck out swinging. Santana singled to left. Dozier singled to center, Santana to second. Santana to third, Dozier to second on wild pitch by Rienzo. Plouffe walked. Willingham struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Deduno pitching for Twins. Konerko lined out to third. Viciedo grounded out to shortstop. De Aza singled to center. Nieto singled to center, De Aza to second. Sierra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 16 - White Sox 3.	Santana-led Twins rout White Sox