Tigers - Top 1st. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Kinsler grounded out to third. Hunter grounded out to third. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Eaton singled to center. Ramirez flied out to left. Abreu walked. Dunn hit sacrifice fly to left, Eaton scored. Garcia doubled to deep right, Abreu to third. Gillaspie walked. Flowers struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Martinez grounded out to first. Martinez singled to right. Castellanos grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martinez out at second. Avila grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. De Aza doubled to deep right, De Aza out stretching at third. Sanchez lined out to center. Eaton doubled to left center. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Suarez struck out looking. Carrera singled to left. Kinsler doubled to deep left, Carrera scored, Kinsler to third advancing on throw. Hunter hit sacrifice fly to right, Kinsler scored. Cabrera flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Abreu singled to right. Dunn lined out to right. Garcia flied out to left. Gillaspie fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Martinez safe at first on error by first baseman Abreu. Martinez doubled to left, Martinez to third. Castellanos grounded out to second, Martinez scored, Martinez to third. Avila doubled to deep right, Martinez scored. Suarez singled to left, Avila to third. Carrera safe at first on error by first baseman Abreu, Avila scored, Suarez to second. Suarez stole third, Carrera stole second. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suarez scored, Carrera out at third. Hunter hit ground rule double to left, Kinsler scored. Cabrera fouled out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Flowers struck out swinging. De Aza struck out swinging. Sanchez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Martinez singled to center. Martinez singled to left, Martinez to second. Castellanos flied out to right. Avila struck out swinging. Suarez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Eaton singled to right. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eaton out at second. Abreu singled to center, Ramirez to second. Dunn grounded into fielder's choice to second, Abreu out at second, Ramirez to third. Garcia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Carrera singled to left. Belisario pitching for White Sox. Kinsler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carrera out at second. Hunter fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Gillaspie struck out swinging. Flowers doubled to deep left. De Aza struck out looking. Sanchez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Belisario pitching for White Sox. Cabrera popped out to second. Martinez grounded out to second. Martinez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Eaton struck out swinging. Ramirez flied out to center. Abreu doubled to deep center. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Lindstrom pitching for White Sox. Nieto catching. Castellanos doubled to deep right. Avila grounded out to second, Castellanos to third. Suarez flied out to center. Carrera fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Garcia hit by pitch. Gillaspie flied out to center. Nieto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Garcia out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Viciedo at first base. Lindstrom pitching for White Sox. Kinsler lined out to left. Hunter singled to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. Cleto pitching for White Sox. Martinez singled to right center, Hunter to third. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. McCoy pitching for Tigers. De Aza grounded out to third. Sanchez reached on infield single to third. Eaton walked, Sanchez to second. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Eaton out at second, Sanchez to third. Viciedo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 7 - White Sox 1.	Verlander in control, Tigers beat White Sox