Rays - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Upton struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to first. Longoria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Price pitching for Rays. Carroll walked. Sizemore doubled to left, Carroll to third. Martinez struck out swinging. Peralta struck out looking. Choo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Pena walked. Aybar walked, Pena to second. Zobrist walked, Pena to third, Aybar to second. Gross walked, Pena scored, Aybar to third, Zobrist to second. Navarro struck out swinging. Brignac singled to right, Aybar and Zobrist scored, Gross to third. Upton reached on bunt single to pitcher, Gross scored, Brignac to second. Crawford singled to right, Brignac scored, Upton to third. Crawford stole second. Longoria walked. Lewis pitching for Indians. Pena struck out swinging. Aybar popped out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Price pitching for Rays. DeRosa walked. Garko fouled out to first. LaPorta struck out swinging. Francisco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Lewis pitching for Indians. Zobrist singled to center. Gross homered to center, Zobrist scored. Navarro grounded out to first. Brignac grounded out to second. Upton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Price pitching for Rays. Carroll struck out swinging. Sizemore singled to left. Martinez lined out to left. Peralta walked, Sizemore to second. Choo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Lewis pitching for Indians. Crawford walked. Longoria walked, Crawford to second. Pena singled to center, Crawford scored, Longoria to third. Rundles pitching for Indians. Aybar lined out to shortstop. Zobrist doubled to deep right, Longoria scored, Pena to third. Gross walked. Navarro hit by pitch, Pena scored, Zobrist to third, Gross to second. Brignac struck out swinging. Upton flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Price pitching for Rays. DeRosa singled to right. Garko homered to left center, DeRosa scored. LaPorta struck out swinging. Francisco walked. Carroll walked, Francisco to second. Cormier pitching for Rays. Sizemore flied out to center. Martinez grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Crawford grounded out to third. Longoria walked. Pena singled to right, Longoria to second. Aybar lined into double play, shortstop to second, Longoria doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Cormier pitching for Rays. Peralta safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria. Choo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. DeRosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Top 6th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Zobrist lined out to center. Gross lined out to shortstop. Navarro singled to center. Brignac flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Cormier pitching for Rays. Garko grounded out to second. LaPorta grounded out to shortstop. Francisco doubled to deep left center. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Upton grounded out to pitcher. Crawford grounded out to third. Longoria flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Nelson pitching for Rays. Sizemore flied out to right. Martinez grounded out to third. Peralta lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Pena flied out to left. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. Zobrist grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Thayer pitching for Rays. Choo singled to deep right. DeRosa singled to right, Choo to second. Garko reached on infield single to shortstop, Choo to third, DeRosa to second. LaPorta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Choo scored, Garko out at second, DeRosa to third. Francisco reached on infield single to third, DeRosa scored. Carroll flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Gross flied out to left. Navarro doubled to deep left. Brignac grounded out to second, Navarro to third. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Thayer pitching for Rays. Sizemore walked. Martinez popped out to third. Peralta singled to left, Sizemore to second. Choate pitching for Rays. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sizemore scored on throwing error by shortstop Brignac, Peralta safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Brignac. Balfour pitching for Rays. DeRosa lined out to third. Garko homered to left, Peralta and Choo scored. Cabrera hit for LaPorta. Cabrera walked. Isringhausen pitching for Rays. Francisco walked, Cabrera to second. Carroll walked, Cabrera to third, Francisco to second. Sizemore walked, Cabrera scored, Francisco to third, Carroll to second. Martinez singled to center, Francisco and Carroll scored, Sizemore to second. 7 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Rays 10 - Indians 11.	Rays' 'pen collapses in ninth