Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Segura singled to left . Owings grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Segura out at second . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Owings out at second . Castillo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Utley grounded out to pitcher . Seager grounded out to shortstop . Turner grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Drury lined out to left . Lamb walked . Tomás walked , Lamb to second . De La Rosa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tomás out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Puig struck out swinging . Grandal walked . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grandal out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Ahmed homered to center ( 414 feet ) . Segura singled to right . Owings flied out to center . Segura picked off first . Goldschmidt walked . Castillo flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson flied out to right . Wood struck out looking . Utley singled to left . Seager grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Drury singled to center . Lamb struck out swinging . Tomás grounded out to first , Drury to second . Drury caught stealing third , catcher to third . De La Rosa batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner grounded out to third . Gonzalez homered to right center ( 412 feet ) . Puig singled to left center . Grandal lined into double play , shortstop to first , Puig doubled off first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Wood pitching for Dodgers . De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop . Ahmed grounded out to third . Segura grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Kendrick singled to center . Pederson singled to center , Kendrick to third . Wood struck out bunting foul . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendrick scored , Pederson safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed . Seager grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pederson scored , Utley out at second , Seager safe at first on missed catch error by first baseman Goldschmidt . Turner hit by pitch , Seager to second . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Owings bunt grounded out to catcher . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig singled to center . Grandal grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Puig out at second . Kendrick struck out swinging . Pederson hit by pitch , Grandal to second . Wood struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Drury grounded out to first . Lamb struck out swinging . Tomás grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Utley doubled to right . Seager struck out swinging . Turner hit by pitch . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Utley to third , Turner to second . Puig flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Gosselin hit for Barrett . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Gosselin reached on infield single to first . Báez pitching for Dodgers . Ahmed lined out to center . Segura walked , Gosselin to second . Peralta hit for Owings . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Thompson in right field . Peralta struck out swinging . Goldschmidt flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Peralta in center field . Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks . Grandal safe at first on error by catcher Castillo . Kendrick popped out to shortstop . Pederson struck out swinging . Grandal caught stealing second , catcher to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Castillo flied out to center . Drury flied out to center . Lamb struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Dodgers 3 .	Gonzalez hits 1st HR , Dodgers beat Diamondbacks 3 - 1