Dodgers - Top 1st . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Kendrick grounded out to second . Seager grounded out to shortstop . Turner grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Bourn singled to center . Goldschmidt singled to right , Bourn to third . Lamb singled to center , Bourn scored , Goldschmidt to second . Drury doubled to right center , Goldschmidt and Lamb scored . Freeman struck out swinging . Gosewisch struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Van Slyke doubled to deep left . Puig hit by pitch . Taylor walked , Van Slyke to third , Puig to second . Ellis struck out swinging . Walters struck out looking . Maeda flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Ahmed out on batter 's interference to catcher . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Ahmed batting . Ray grounded out to first . Segura flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Kendrick walked . Seager grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kendrick out at second . Turner struck out swinging , Turner safe at first on wild pitch by Ray . Van Slyke hit by pitch , Turner to second . Puig grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Van Slyke out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Bourn grounded out to second . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Lamb homered to right center ( 430 feet ) . Drury grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor singled to right . Ellis struck out swinging . Walters grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Taylor out at second . Maeda grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Freeman struck out swinging . Gosewisch struck out swinging . Ahmed struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Kendrick grounded out to first . Seager doubled to left center . Turner flied out to right . Van Slyke grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Ray doubled to deep right center . Segura lined out to center . Bourn doubled to left , Ray scored . Goldschmidt walked . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Lamb grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Goldschmidt out at second , Bourn to third . Drury grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lamb out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig singled to right . Taylor grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Puig out at second . Ellis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Freeman walked . Gosewisch lined out to center . Ahmed grounded into double play , second to first , Freeman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Walters lined out to center . Grandal hit for Howell . Grandal struck out swinging . Kendrick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Hatcher pitching for Dodgers . Weeks Jr. hit for Ray . Weeks Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Segura singled to center . Bourn singled to left , Segura to second . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bourn out at second , Segura to third . Goldschmidt stole second , Segura scored on Hatcher 's wild pitch . Lamb intentionally walked . Drury lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager doubled to left . Turner homered to right ( 370 feet ) , Seager scored . Toles hit for Van Slyke . Toles lined out to third . Puig struck out swinging . Taylor singled to right . Ellis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Kendrick at first base . Toles in center field . Puig in right field . Walters in left field . Coleman pitching for Dodgers . Freeman struck out swinging . Gosewisch lined out to second . Ahmed lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks . Utley hit for Walters . Utley walked . González hit for Coleman . González struck out swinging . Kendrick reached on infield single to third , Utley to second . Seager doubled to right , Utley scored , Kendrick to third . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner singled to center , Kendrick and Seager scored . Toles singled to center , Turner to third . Puig struck out swinging . Taylor struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 5 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Ray blanks Dodgers through 7 , D - Backs win 6 - 5