Dodgers - Top 1st . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Utley homered to center ( 431 feet ) . Seager grounded out to shortstop . Turner lined out to right . González flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Norris pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu walked . Arenado walked , LeMahieu to second . Dahl singled to left , LeMahieu scored , Arenado to second . Parra walked , Arenado to third , Dahl to second . Cardullo homered to left center ( 414 feet ) , Arenado , Dahl and Parra scored . Hundley grounded out to shortstop . Adames tripled to deep center . Hoffman grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Grandal walked . Reddick fouled out to third . Pederson grounded out to catcher , Grandal to second . Toles doubled to deep right center , Grandal scored . Norris grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Norris pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon singled to center . LeMahieu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blackmon out at second . Arenado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Utley lined out to second . Seager flied out to left . Turner walked . González grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Norris pitching for Dodgers . Dahl grounded out to shortstop . Parra singled to right , Parra to second on error by right fielder Reddick . Cardullo grounded out to shortstop . Hundley safe at first on error by shortstop Seager , Parra scored . Adames singled to left , Hundley to second . Hoffman struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Grandal flied out to center . Reddick singled to left center . Pederson flied out to center . Reddick to second on wild pitch by Hoffman . Toles walked . Segedin hit for Norris . Segedin grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Toles out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Dayton pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon flied out to right . LeMahieu walked . Arenado struck out swinging . LeMahieu caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Dahl batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Utley grounded out to pitcher . Seager grounded out to second . Turner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Dayton pitching for Dodgers . Dahl grounded out to second . Parra grounded out to third . Cardullo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . González flied out to center . Grandal walked . Reddick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grandal out at second . Pederson walked , Reddick to second . Toles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pederson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Chavez pitching for Dodgers . Hundley grounded out to third . Adames reached on infield single to shortstop . Raburn hit for Lyles . Raburn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Adames out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Hernández hit for Chavez . Hernández flied out to left . Utley lined out to third . Seager struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Blanton pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu tripled to deep right center . Arenado homered to left ( 402 feet ) , LeMahieu scored . Dahl singled to center . Parra struck out swinging . Cardullo batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Carasiti pitching for Rockies . Reynolds at first base . Turner grounded out to shortstop . González doubled to deep right . Grandal doubled to deep center , González scored . Reddick walked . Estevez pitching for Rockies . Pederson singled to right center , Grandal scored , Reddick to second . Toles singled to center , Reddick to third , Pederson to second . Kendrick hit for Blanton . Kendrick hit sacrifice fly to right , Reddick scored . Utley grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Avilán pitching for Dodgers . Kendrick at second base . Hundley struck out swinging . Adames flied out to center . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Seager walked . Turner struck out swinging . González lined out to shortstop . Seager to second on fielder 's indifference . Grandal singled to left , Seager to third . Reddick singled to center , Seager scored , Grandal to third . Pederson walked , Reddick to second . Toles homered to left ( 388 feet ) , Grandal , Reddick and Pederson scored . Kendrick grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out looking . Arenado singled to left . Dahl struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 10 - Rockies 8 .	Toles hits grand slam , Dodgers rally for DH split with Rox