Braves - Top 1st . Redman pitching for Rockies . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Escobar out on batter 's interference to catcher . Escobar batting . Jones singled to center . Teixeira flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . James pitching for Braves . Taveras flied out to left . Tulowitzki hit by pitch . Helton singled to right , Tulowitzki to third . Holliday struck out swinging . Spilborghs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Redman pitching for Rockies . Francoeur tripled to deep left center . McCann doubled to deep right , Francoeur scored . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Kotsay reached on infield single to pitcher , McCann to third . James bunt popped into double play , pitcher to third , McCann out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . James pitching for Braves . Atkins singled to left center . Baker struck out swinging . Torrealba flied out to left . Redman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Redman pitching for Rockies . Johnson grounded out to second . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Jones lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . James pitching for Braves . Taveras hit by pitch . Tulowitzki walked , Taveras to second . Helton struck out looking . Holliday tripled to left , Taveras and Tulowitzki scored . Spilborghs singled to left , Holliday scored . Atkins hit by pitch , Spilborghs to second . Baker flied out to center . Torrealba homered to left , Spilborghs and Atkins scored . Redman struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Redman pitching for Rockies . Teixeira safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Atkins . Francoeur struck out swinging . McCann singled to deep right center , Teixeira to third , McCann to second on error by right fielder Spilborghs . Diaz grounded out to second , Teixeira scored , McCann to third . Kotsay flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Bennett pitching for Braves . Taveras singled to center . Taveras stole second . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Helton doubled to deep left center , Taveras scored . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Helton to third on wild pitch by Bennett . Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Redman pitching for Rockies . Bennett grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out swinging . Escobar doubled to deep right center . Jones singled to right center , Escobar scored . Teixeira struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Bennett pitching for Braves . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . Baker grounded out to shortstop . Torrealba singled to left . Redman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Torrealba out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Speier pitching for Rockies . Francoeur lined out to left . McCann popped out to second . Diaz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Bennett pitching for Braves . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki flied out to left . Helton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Speier pitching for Rockies . Kotsay struck out swinging . Gotay hit for Bennett . Gotay doubled to deep left . Bowie pitching for Rockies . Johnson reached on infield single to second , Gotay to third . Escobar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Resop pitching for Braves . Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop . Spilborghs doubled to deep right center , Holliday scored . Atkins flied out to center , Spilborghs to third . Baker struck out swinging . Torrealba singled to left , Spilborghs scored . Podsednik hit for Bowie . Podsednik lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Wells pitching for Rockies . Jones lined out to left . Teixeira safe at first on error by first baseman Helton . Francoeur lined out to second . McCann homered to right center , Teixeira scored . Diaz grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Resop pitching for Braves . Taveras reached on infield single to pitcher . Taveras stole second . Tulowitzki flied out to center , Taveras to third . Helton intentionally walked . Holliday struck out swinging . Spilborghs homered to center , Taveras and Helton scored . Atkins flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Herges pitching for Rockies . Barmes at third base . Blanco hit for Kotsay . Blanco doubled to deep left . Pena hit for Resop . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out swinging . Escobar singled to right , Blanco scored . Escobar to second on fielder 's indifference . Jones struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 6 - Rockies 12 .	Rockies ' struggling offense erupts , blasts Braves