Marlins - Top 1st . Bennett pitching for Braves . Ramirez homered to center . Uggla struck out looking . Hermida fouled out to third . Willingham singled to right . Jacobs homered to right center , Willingham scored . Cantu grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Miller pitching for Marlins . Johnson flied out to left . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop . Jones singled to center , Escobar to second . Teixeira singled to left , Escobar scored , Jones to second . Francoeur popped out to second . McCann grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Bennett pitching for Braves . Rabelo fouled out to third . Amezaga popped out to third . Miller grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Miller pitching for Marlins . Diaz homered to right . Kotsay singled to center . Bennett sacrificed to catcher , Kotsay to second . Johnson walked . Escobar grounded out to shortstop , Kotsay to third , Johnson to second . Jones intentionally walked . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jones out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Bennett pitching for Braves . Ramirez struck out looking . Uggla singled to left . Hermida lined into double play , second to first , Uggla doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Miller pitching for Marlins . Francoeur flied out to center . McCann singled to right . Diaz singled to right , McCann to second . Kotsay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Diaz out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Bennett pitching for Braves . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . Jacobs grounded out to second . Cantu walked . Rabelo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Miller pitching for Marlins . Bennett flied out to center . Johnson singled to right . Escobar singled to left , Johnson to second . Jones flied out to center . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Bennett pitching for Braves . Amezaga flied out to left . Miller reached on infield single to shortstop . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Miller out at second . Ramirez stole second . Uggla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Miller pitching for Marlins . Francoeur grounded out to third . McCann singled to deep right center . Diaz flied out to right . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McCann out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Bennett pitching for Braves . Hermida grounded out to second . Willingham struck out looking . Jacobs grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Waechter pitching for Marlins . Gotay hit for Bennett . Gotay flied out to center . Johnson singled to left . Escobar struck out swinging . Johnson stole second . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Cantu struck out swinging . Rabelo flied out to left . Amezaga singled to center . Gonzalez hit for Waechter . Ohman pitching for Braves . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Teixeira singled to deep center , Teixeira to second on error by center fielder Amezaga . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . McCann grounded out to first , Teixeira to third . Diaz grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 8th . Boyer pitching for Braves . Ramirez struck out swinging . Uggla singled to right . Hermida doubled to right , Uggla to third . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Uggla scored , Hermida safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Jacobs hit sacrifice fly to left , Hermida scored . Cantu flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 8th . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Helms at first base . Kotsay flied out to center . Prado hit for Boyer . Prado walked . Johnson sacrificed to pitcher , Prado to second . Escobar fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Resop pitching for Braves . Rabelo singled to center . Amezaga singled to center , Rabelo to second . Helms struck out looking . Ramirez struck out looking . Uggla tripled to deep left , Rabelo and Amezaga scored . Hermida flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Miller pitching for Marlins . Jones grounded out to second . Teixeira struck out swinging . Francoeur reached on infield single to third , Francoeur to second on throwing error by third baseman Cantu . McCann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Marlins 7 - Braves 2 .	Marlins batter Braves ' Bennett with early homers