Padres - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Giles struck out looking . Iguchi struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Wolf pitching for Padres . Johnson flied out to center . Escobar grounded out to first . Jones grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Kouzmanoff doubled to deep left . McAnulty singled to center , Kouzmanoff to third . Kouzmanoff scored , McAnulty to second on balk by Hudson . Edmonds walked . Greene grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McAnulty out at third , Edmonds to second , Edmonds to third , Greene to second on throwing error by third baseman Jones . Bard intentionally walked . Wolf grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bard out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Wolf pitching for Padres . Teixeira walked . Francoeur walked , Teixeira to second . McCann singled to left , Teixeira to third , Francoeur to second . Diaz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Teixeira scored , McCann out at second , Francoeur to third . Kotsay singled to center , Francoeur scored . Hudson grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Giles grounded out to pitcher . Iguchi flied out to center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Wolf pitching for Padres . Johnson flied out to left . Escobar singled to center . Jones doubled to deep left , Escobar to third . Teixeira walked . Francoeur grounded into double play , third to second to first , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Kouzmanoff singled to right . McAnulty grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kouzmanoff out at second . Edmonds flied out to center . Greene lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Wolf pitching for Padres . McCann flied out to center . Diaz flied out to center . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Bard flied out to left . Wolf grounded out to first . Giles flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Wolf pitching for Padres . Hudson struck out swinging . Johnson singled to right . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Iguchi singled to right . Iguchi stole second . Gonzalez reached on infield single to second , Iguchi to third . Kouzmanoff grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Iguchi scored , Gonzalez out at second . McAnulty walked . Edmonds singled to left , McAnulty to second . Greene grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Wolf pitching for Padres . Jones singled to left . Teixeira flied out to right . Francoeur grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Bard grounded out to shortstop . Wolf grounded out to second . Giles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Wolf pitching for Padres . McCann doubled to deep left . Diaz singled to left , McCann to third . Kotsay walked , Diaz to second . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Norton hit for Hudson . Norton singled to center , McCann scored , Diaz to third , Kotsay to second . Johnson hit sacrifice fly to center , Diaz scored . Escobar singled to left , Kotsay scored , Norton to second . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at second , Norton to third . Teixeira grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Boyer pitching for Braves . Iguchi flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Meredith pitching for Padres . Francoeur struck out swinging . McCann singled to center . Diaz struck out swinging . Kotsay grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Ohman pitching for Braves . Hairston hit for McAnulty . Hairston struck out swinging . Crabbe hit for Edmonds . Acosta pitching for Braves . Crabbe grounded out to first . Greene struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 2 - Braves 5 .	Braves win fifth straight