Braves - Top 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Escobar singled to center . Escobar to second on passed ball by Ruiz . Kotsay walked . Jones singled to center , Escobar scored , Kotsay to second . McCann grounded out to first , Kotsay to third , Jones to second . Norton popped out to shortstop . Francoeur singled to right , Kotsay and Jones scored . Johnson lined out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Reyes pitching for Braves . Rollins grounded out to pitcher . Victorino doubled to deep right . Utley grounded out to second , Victorino to third . Howard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Blanco walked . Reyes struck out bunting foul . Escobar safe at first on error by shortstop Rollins , Blanco to second . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at second , Blanco to third . Jones walked , Kotsay to second . McCann popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Reyes pitching for Braves . Burrell grounded out to third . Werth flied out to left . Feliz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Norton grounded out to shortstop . Francoeur singled to shallow left . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Francoeur out at second . Blanco grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Reyes pitching for Braves . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick grounded out to third . Rollins safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar . Victorino flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 4th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Reyes flied out to left . Escobar grounded out to third . Kotsay flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Reyes pitching for Braves . Utley singled to right . Howard doubled to deep center , Utley to third . Burrell struck out looking . Werth singled to center , Utley and Howard scored . Feliz reached on infield single to second , Werth to second . Ruiz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Feliz out at second , Werth to third . Kendrick struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Jones singled to shallow right . McCann grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . Norton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Reyes pitching for Braves . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Victorino singled to shallow left . Victorino stole second . Utley grounded out to second , Victorino to third . Howard singled to right center , Victorino scored . Burrell singled to center , Howard to second . Werth singled to left , Howard scored , Burrell to second . Feliz fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Francoeur struck out looking . Johnson singled to center . Blanco walked , Johnson to second . Johnson caught stealing third , catcher to shortstop to third to shortstop . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Reyes pitching for Braves . Ruiz reached on infield single to third . Taguchi hit for Kendrick . Taguchi sacrificed to pitcher , Ruiz to second . Rollins grounded out to shortstop , Ruiz to third . Victorino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Romero pitching for Phillies . Escobar grounded out to second . Kotsay grounded out to first . Jones singled to shallow left . McCann walked , Jones to second . Norton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Reyes pitching for Braves . Utley flied out to left . Howard struck out looking . Burrell doubled to deep right . Campillo pitching for Braves . Bruntlett ran for Burrell . Werth singled to left , Bruntlett scored . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Werth out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Bruntlett in left field . Gordon pitching for Phillies . Francoeur popped out to second . Johnson singled to right . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at second . Gotay hit for Campillo . Gotay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Acosta pitching for Braves . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop . Dobbs hit for Gordon . Dobbs grounded out to shortstop . Rollins doubled to deep right . Victorino grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Lidge pitching for Phillies . Escobar struck out swinging . Kotsay walked . Kotsay to second on fielder 's indifference . Jones flied out to left . McCann doubled to deep center , Kotsay scored . Diaz ran for McCann . Norton walked . Francoeur flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 4 - Phillies 5 .	Werth 's four - RBI night powers Phils past Braves