Braves - Top 1st . Myers pitching for Phillies . Escobar homered to left . Kotsay popped out to shortstop . Jones homered to left . Teixeira walked . McCann grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Teixeira out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Glavine pitching for Braves . Rollins grounded out to third . Victorino popped out to second . Utley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Francoeur struck out looking . Johnson homered to left center . Blanco struck out looking . Glavine struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Glavine pitching for Braves . Howard grounded out to second . Burrell grounded out to third . Werth grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Escobar walked . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at second . Kotsay safe at first on Howard error . Jones hit ground rule double to deep left , Kotsay to third . Teixeira struck out looking . McCann doubled to right , Kotsay and Jones scored . Francoeur struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Glavine pitching for Braves . Feliz grounded out to third . Coste singled to left . Myers sacrificed to pitcher , Coste to second . Rollins lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Johnson doubled to deep right . Blanco struck out swinging . Glavine reached on infield single to catcher , Johnson to third . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Glavine out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Glavine pitching for Braves . Victorino struck out looking . Utley lined out to right . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Kotsay singled to right . Jones walked , Kotsay to second . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jones out at second , Kotsay to third . McCann singled to right center , Kotsay scored , Teixeira to second . Madson pitching for Phillies . Francoeur grounded out to catcher , Teixeira to third , McCann to second . Johnson intentionally walked . Blanco singled to center , Teixeira and McCann scored , Johnson to third . Glavine grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blanco out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Glavine pitching for Braves . Burrell struck out swinging . Werth struck out looking . Feliz popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Escobar flied out to left . Kotsay singled to left . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kotsay out at second . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Glavine pitching for Braves . Coste singled to left . Bruntlett hit for Madson . Bruntlett walked , Coste to second . Rollins doubled to deep right center , Coste scored , Bruntlett to third . Victorino grounded out to shortstop , Bruntlett scored , Rollins to third . Utley homered to right , Rollins scored . Howard grounded out to first . Burrell walked . Bennett pitching for Braves . Werth walked , Burrell to second . Feliz lined out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . McCann grounded out to first . Francoeur singled to left . Johnson flied out to center . Blanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Bennett pitching for Braves . Coste singled to center . Jenkins hit for Condrey . Ohman pitching for Braves . Taguchi hit for Jenkins . Taguchi grounded into double play , third to second to first , Coste out at second . Jenkins hit for Condrey . Ohman pitching for Braves . Taguchi hit for Jenkins . Taguchi grounded into double play , third to second to first , Coste out at second . Jenkins hit for Condrey . Ohman pitching for Braves . Taguchi hit for Jenkins . Taguchi grounded into double play , third to second to first , Coste out at second . Rollins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Seanez pitching for Phillies . Gotay hit for Ohman . Gotay grounded out to second . Escobar grounded out to second . Kotsay grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Ring pitching for Braves . Victorino grounded out to second . Utley flied out to left . Howard homered to left . Boyer pitching for Braves . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Seanez pitching for Phillies . Jones grounded out to second . Teixeira struck out swinging . McCann walked . Francoeur lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Boyer pitching for Braves . Werth struck out swinging . Feliz popped out to first . Coste singled to right center . Dobbs hit for Seanez . Dobbs singled to left , Coste to second . Rollins singled to right , Coste scored , Dobbs to third . Rollins stole second . Victorino flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 8 - Phillies 6 .	Glavine solid , gets first win with Braves since 2002