Mets - Top 1st . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Reyes singled to left . Chavez flied out to left . Reyes stole second . Wright lined out to second . Beltran grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Infante flied out to center . Kotsay popped out to shortstop . Jones walked . Teixeira flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Alou grounded out to third . Delgado walked . Schneider safe at second on error by second baseman Johnson , Delgado to third . Castillo struck out swinging . Pelfrey grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . McCann flied out to center . Francoeur hit by pitch . Johnson singled to right , Francoeur to second . Blanco struck out looking . Jurrjens grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Reyes singled to right . Reyes stole second . Chavez grounded out to first , Reyes to third . Wright singled to center , Reyes scored . Beltran grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wright out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Infante struck out swinging . Anderson in left field . Kotsay flied out to left . Jones walked . Teixeira reached on infield single to second , Jones to third . McCann doubled to deep right , Jones and Teixeira scored . Francoeur tripled to deep left center , McCann scored . Johnson popped out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Anderson popped out to third . Delgado grounded out to second . Schneider grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Blanco bunt grounded out to pitcher . Jurrjens grounded out to shortstop . Infante singled to shallow right center . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Infante out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . Pelfrey grounded out to first . Reyes walked . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reyes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Jones homered to center . Teixeira doubled to deep right , Teixeira to third on error by right fielder Chavez . McCann walked . Francoeur singled to left , Teixeira scored , McCann to second . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Johnson walked , McCann to third , Francoeur to second . Blanco hit sacrifice fly to right , McCann scored , Francoeur to third . Jurrjens grounded out to pitcher , Johnson to second . Infante intentionally walked . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 6th . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Wright grounded out to second . Beltran singled to center . Anderson popped out to shortstop . Delgado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Jones flied out to center . Teixeira grounded out to first . McCann singled to left . Francoeur homered to left , McCann scored . Johnson grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Schneider grounded out to third . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop . Tatis hit for Feliciano . Tatis safe at first on error by third baseman Jones , Castillo to second . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tatis out at second , Castillo to third , Castillo scored , Reyes to second on throwing error by shortstop Infante . Chavez flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Smith pitching for Mets . Blanco flied out to center . Norton hit for Jurrjens . Norton walked . Infante walked , Norton to second . Schoeneweis pitching for Mets . Kotsay flied out to center . Jones hit by pitch , Norton to third , Infante to second . Gotay ran for Jones . Teixeira doubled to left , Norton , Infante and Gotay scored . McCann reached on infield single to second , Teixeira to third . Francoeur lined out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Gotay at third base . Bennett pitching for Braves . Wright reached on infield single to shortstop . Beltran doubled to left , Wright scored . Anderson grounded out to first , Beltran to third . Delgado grounded out to first , Beltran scored . Schneider grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Wagner pitching for Mets . Johnson singled to center . Blanco walked , Johnson to second . Diaz hit for Bennett . Diaz singled to left , Johnson to third , Blanco to second . Diaz hit for Bennett . Diaz singled to left , Johnson to third , Blanco to second . Infante fouled out to catcher . Kotsay struck out swinging . Gotay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Resop pitching for Braves . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Easley hit for Wagner . Easley flied out to right . Reyes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 4 - Braves 11 .	Francoeur returns , flirts with cycle as Braves coast