Braves - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Escobar struck out looking . Kotsay grounded out to first . Kotchman lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Hampton pitching for Braves . Winn flied out to right . Ochoa singled to left . Rowand grounded out to third , Ochoa to second . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Infante struck out swinging . McCann struck out swinging . Francoeur grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Lewis grounded out to shortstop . Aurilia grounded out to third . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Prado singled to right center . Johnson singled to left , Prado to second . Hampton struck out bunting foul . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Burriss safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar . Sanchez bunt popped out to pitcher . Burriss picked off first . Winn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Kotsay grounded out to third . Kotchman struck out swinging . Infante popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Ochoa grounded out to third . Rowand struck out looking . Molina lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . McCann reached on infield single to second . Francoeur singled to right center , McCann to third . Prado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McCann scored , Francoeur out at second . Johnson doubled to deep right center . Hampton doubled to deep center , Johnson scored . Escobar doubled to left , Hampton scored . Kotsay grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Lewis singled to left . Aurilia singled to shallow center , Lewis to third . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lewis scored , Aurilia out at second . Burriss grounded out to first , Castillo to second . Vizquel hit for Sanchez . Vizquel walked . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vizquel out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Hinshaw pitching for Giants . Kotchman flied out to center . Infante struck out swinging . McCann popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Ochoa grounded out to shortstop . Rowand flied out to center . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Matos pitching for Giants . Francoeur reached on infield single to third . Prado singled to right , Francoeur to second . Johnson singled to center , Francoeur scored , Prado to second . Hampton sacrificed to pitcher , Prado to third , Johnson to second . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center , Prado scored , Johnson to third . Kotsay walked . Espineli pitching for Giants . Burriss at shortstop . Velez at second base . Johnson scored , Kotsay to second on wild pitch by Espineli . Kotchman grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Lewis homered to right . Aurilia grounded out to pitcher . Castillo grounded out to second . Burriss popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Infante walked . McCann grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Infante out at second . Francoeur grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Bennett pitching for Braves . Velez grounded out to second . Winn singled to center . Bowker hit for Espineli . Winn to second on wild pitch by Bennett . Bowker walked . Rowand singled to center , Winn scored , Bowker to third . Molina singled to center , Bowker scored , Rowand to second . Ohman pitching for Braves . Roberts ran for Molina . Lewis struck out swinging . Boyer pitching for Braves . Aurilia struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Holm catching . Roberts in left field . Romo pitching for Giants . Prado hit by pitch . Blanco ran for Prado . Johnson sacrificed to catcher , Blanco to second , Johnson safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Aurilia . Blanco to third on throwing error by first baseman Aurilia . Norton hit for Boyer . Norton singled to right , Blanco scored , Johnson to third . Escobar fouled out to second . Kotsay singled to right , Johnson scored , Norton to second . Kotchman hit ground rule double to deep left center , Norton scored , Kotsay to third . Infante doubled to left , Kotsay and Kotchman scored . McCann flied out to left . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 9th . Infante at third base . Blanco in left field . Gonzalez pitching for Braves . Castillo singled to center . Burriss grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Castillo out at second . Velez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 11 - Giants 4 .	Hampton returns , gets RBI as Braves drill Giants