Giants - Top 1st . Hampton pitching for Braves . Winn reached on infield single to third . Ochoa sacrificed to pitcher , Winn to second . Rowand walked . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rowand out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Palmer pitching for Giants . Blanco grounded out to third . Escobar hit by pitch . Jones walked , Escobar to second . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jones out at second , Escobar to third . Infante popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Lewis grounded out to first . Aurilia flied out to center . Sandoval singled to shallow right . Burriss walked , Sandoval to second . Palmer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Palmer pitching for Giants . Norton walked . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Norton out at second . Francoeur doubled to deep left center , Johnson scored . Hampton grounded out to pitcher , Francoeur to third . Blanco singled to center , Francoeur scored . Escobar flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Winn grounded out to third . Ochoa grounded out to shortstop . Rowand grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Palmer pitching for Giants . Jones walked . McCann singled to right , Jones to second . Infante doubled to deep right center , Jones scored , McCann out at home , Infante to third advancing on throw . Norton walked . Johnson singled to left center , Infante scored , Norton to second . Francoeur singled to right center , Norton scored , Johnson to third . Hampton singled to center , Johnson scored , Francoeur to second . Hinshaw pitching for Giants . Blanco hit by pitch , Francoeur to third , Hampton to second . Escobar flied out to right . Jones popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Molina flied out to right . Lewis singled to right . Aurilia popped out to first . Sandoval grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Hinshaw pitching for Giants . McCann flied out to right . Infante singled to center . Norton homered to left , Infante scored . Johnson grounded out to third . Francoeur singled to left . Hampton walked , Francoeur to second . Blanco walked , Francoeur to third , Hampton to second . Sadler pitching for Giants . Aurilia at first base . Sandoval catching . Rohlinger at third base . Escobar struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Burriss singled to left . Rohlinger singled to right , Burriss to second . Winn flied out to left . Ochoa doubled to deep right center , Burriss scored , Rohlinger to third . Rowand grounded out to second , Rohlinger scored , Ochoa to third . Sadler struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Sadler pitching for Giants . Jones singled to center . Jones to second on wild pitch by Sadler . McCann singled to center , Jones to third . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones scored , McCann out at second . Norton grounded out to third , Infante to second . Johnson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Lewis struck out looking . Aurilia grounded out to third . Sandoval singled to right . Burriss struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Sadler pitching for Giants . Francoeur singled to left . Gotay hit for Hampton . Gotay doubled to deep right , Francoeur scored . Blanco flied out to right . Escobar singled to center , Gotay to third . Escobar to second on wild pitch by Sadler . Jones grounded out to second , Gotay scored , Escobar to third . McCann flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Prado at third base . Rohlinger flied out to center . Winn singled to center . Ochoa grounded into double play , third to second to first , Winn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Velez in right field . Roberts in left field . Lewis in center field . Sadler pitching for Giants . Infante walked . Norton struck out looking . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Infante out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . DeSalvo pitching for Braves . Roberts walked . Ishikawa hit for Sadler . Ishikawa struck out looking . Lewis singled to left , Roberts to second . Aurilia fouled out to third . Sandoval singled to center , Roberts to third , Lewis to second . Burriss singled to left , Roberts scored , Lewis to third , Sandoval to second . Rohlinger flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Ishikawa at first base . Walker pitching for Giants . Prado lined out to third . Blanco struck out looking . Escobar singled to right . Kotchman hit for DeSalvo . Kotchman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Nunez pitching for Braves . Velez reached on infield single to first . Ochoa doubled to deep left , Velez to third . Roberts hit sacrifice fly to right , Velez scored . Ishikawa walked . Lewis walked , Ochoa to third , Ishikawa to second . Vizquel hit for Walker . Vizquel singled to center , Ochoa scored , Ishikawa to third , Lewis to second . Bennett pitching for Braves . Sandoval grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vizquel out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 5 - Braves 11 .	Hampton gets 2nd win as Braves end losing streak