Braves - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Blanco grounded out to third . Escobar walked . Jones singled to center , Escobar to second . McCann flied out to right . Infante fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Morton pitching for Braves . Schumaker grounded out to second . Ludwick walked . Pujols singled to center , Ludwick to second . Ankiel flied out to center , Ludwick to third . Glaus walked , Pujols to second . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Kotsay struck out swinging . Prado singled to right . Johnson flied out to left . Morton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Morton pitching for Braves . Molina singled to center . Wainwright singled to right , Molina to second . Izturis sacrificed to third , Molina to third , Wainwright to second . Schumaker reached on infield single to second , Molina scored , Wainwright to third . Ludwick walked , Schumaker to second . Pujols doubled to right , Wainwright and Schumaker scored , Ludwick to third . Ankiel intentionally walked . Glaus walked , Ludwick scored , Pujols to third , Ankiel to second . Nunez pitching for Braves . Lopez lined into double play , pitcher to first , Glaus out at first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Blanco singled to center . Escobar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Blanco out at second . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Nunez pitching for Braves . Molina popped out to shortstop . Wainwright singled to center . Wainwright caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Izturis singled to center . Izturis caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Schumaker batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . McCann grounded out to first . Infante singled to left . Kotsay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Infante out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Nunez pitching for Braves . Schumaker walked . Ludwick singled to center , Schumaker to third . Pujols singled to center , Schumaker scored , Ludwick to third . Ankiel hit sacrifice fly to center , Ludwick scored . Glaus doubled to deep right center , Pujols to third . Lopez popped out to third . Molina intentionally walked . Wainwright struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out looking . Norton hit for Nunez . Norton homered to right . Blanco grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . DeSalvo pitching for Braves . Izturis singled to left . Schumaker singled to left , Izturis to second . Ludwick singled to left , Izturis scored , Schumaker to second . Pujols walked , Schumaker to third , Ludwick to second . Ankiel singled to left , Schumaker and Ludwick scored , Pujols to third . Glaus singled to center , Pujols scored , Ankiel to second . Lopez struck out swinging . Molina singled to left , Ankiel scored , Glaus to second . Wainwright singled to center , Glaus scored , Molina to second . Izturis singled to left , Molina to third , Wainwright to second . Schumaker grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Izturis out at second . 6 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Jones struck out looking . Sammons hit for McCann . Sammons flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Sammons catching . Boyer pitching for Braves . Miles hit for Ludwick . Miles doubled to left . Mather hit for Pujols . Mather flied out to center . Ankiel struck out looking . Barton hit for Glaus . Barton walked . Lopez doubled to deep right , Miles scored , Barton to third . Molina singled to center , Barton and Lopez scored . Wainwright struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Miles at second base . Mather in right field . LaRue catching . Barton in left field . Lopez at third base . Molina at first base . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Infante flied out to center . Kotsay grounded out to first . Prado singled to right . Johnson singled to center , Prado to second . Jones hit for Boyer . Jones grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Bennett pitching for Braves . Izturis grounded out to second . Schumaker grounded out to first . Miles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Blanco grounded out to third . Escobar walked . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Escobar out at second . Sammons grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Tavarez pitching for Braves . Mather struck out swinging . LaRue singled to center . Barton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , LaRue out at second . Lopez singled to center , Barton to third . Molina singled to right , Barton scored , Lopez to second . Pineiro hit ground rule double to right , Lopez scored , Molina to third . Izturis singled to center , Molina scored , Pineiro to third . Schumaker grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Infante doubled to left . Francoeur hit for Tavarez . Francoeur grounded out to pitcher . Prado popped out to second . Johnson singled to right , Infante scored . Jones doubled to deep right center , Johnson scored . Blanco struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 3 - Cardinals 18 .	Wainwright solid in return as Cards pound Braves