Braves - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Nationals . Anderson lined out to pitcher . Prado safe at first on error by first baseman Belliard . Jones singled to right , Prado to second . McCann walked , Prado to third , Jones to second . Escobar grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , McCann out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Campillo pitching for Braves . Harris grounded out to pitcher . Guzman doubled to deep right . Zimmerman singled to right , Guzman scored . Milledge struck out swinging . Zimmerman to second on wild pitch by Campillo . Belliard flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Nationals . Infante flied out to center . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Johnson fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Campillo pitching for Braves . Dukes doubled to left . Flores flied out to center . Bonifacio tripled to deep right , Dukes scored . Perez grounded out to second . Harris walked . Guzman singled to right , Bonifacio scored , Harris to second . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guzman out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Nationals . Campillo struck out swinging . Anderson struck out looking . Prado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Campillo pitching for Braves . Milledge struck out swinging . Belliard reached on infield single to third . Dukes popped out to second . Flores popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Nationals . Jones struck out swinging . McCann singled to right . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to first , McCann out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Campillo pitching for Braves . Bonifacio singled to right . Perez struck out bunting foul . Bonifacio stole second . Harris walked . Guzman grounded out to first , Bonifacio to third , Harris to second . Zimmerman walked . Milledge singled to right , Bonifacio and Harris scored , Zimmerman to third . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Belliard grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Nationals . Infante doubled to left . Francoeur flied out to center . Johnson grounded out to first , Infante to third . Norton hit for Carlyle . Norton homered to center , Infante scored . Anderson reached on infield single to second , Anderson to second on error by first baseman Belliard . Prado doubled to deep right center , Anderson scored . Jones grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Dessens pitching for Braves . Dukes lined out to right . Flores grounded out to shortstop . Bonifacio walked . Perez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Nationals . McCann flied out to left . Escobar flied out to center . Infante flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Dessens pitching for Braves . Harris walked . Harris stole second . Guzman grounded out to second , Harris to third . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to right , Harris scored . Milledge doubled to left . Boyer pitching for Braves . Belliard singled to left , Milledge scored . Dukes struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Nationals . Francoeur grounded out to first . Johnson reached on infield single to first . Jones hit for Boyer . Johnson to second on wild pitch by Perez . Jones walked . Manning pitching for Nationals . Anderson popped out to second . Estrada pitching for Nationals . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Nunez pitching for Braves . Flores lined out to shortstop . Bonifacio grounded out to second . Orr hit for Estrada . Orr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Jones walked . McCann singled to right , Jones to second . Escobar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , McCann out at second , Jones to third . Infante struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Nunez pitching for Braves . Harris grounded out to third . Guzman safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar . Zimmerman grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Guzman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 9th . Shell pitching for Nationals . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Johnson hit by pitch . Blanco hit for Nunez . Blanco walked , Johnson to second . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blanco out at second , Johnson to third . Anderson to second on fielder 's indifference . Prado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 3 - Nationals 7 .	Milledge , Zimmerman drive Nats to 4th straight win