Rockies - Top 1st . Parr pitching for Braves . Fowler struck out swinging . Baker struck out swinging . Holliday singled to center . Hawpe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Rockies . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Johnson homered to right . Jones walked . McCann grounded out to first , Jones to second . Escobar flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Parr pitching for Braves . Atkins struck out swinging . Stewart struck out swinging . Iannetta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Rockies . Kotchman walked . Francoeur fouled out to first . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kotchman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Parr pitching for Braves . Tulowitzki doubled to deep left . Hernandez sacrificed to first , Tulowitzki to third . Fowler struck out swinging . Baker flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Rockies . Parr doubled to deep left . Anderson flied out to center . Johnson flied out to center , Parr thrown out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Parr pitching for Braves . Holliday lined out to first . Hawpe popped out to second . Atkins doubled to left . Stewart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Rockies . Jones singled to right . McCann singled to right , Jones to second . Escobar doubled to deep left , Jones scored , McCann to third . Kotchman intentionally walked . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McCann out at home , Escobar to third , Kotchman to second . Jones struck out swinging . Parr grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Parr pitching for Braves . Iannetta flied out to right . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Hernandez singled to right . Fowler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Rockies . Anderson singled to right . Johnson popped out to second . Jones singled to right , Anderson to third . McCann hit ground rule double to deep right , Anderson scored , Jones to third . Herges pitching for Rockies . Escobar walked . Kotchman grounded out to first , Jones scored , McCann to third , Escobar to second . Francoeur flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Parr pitching for Braves . Baker doubled to deep left . Holliday grounded out to third , Baker to third . Hawpe flied out to left . Atkins popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Jones flied out to left . Gotay hit for Parr . Gotay struck out looking . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Boyer pitching for Braves . Stewart homered to right center . Iannetta walked . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to pitcher , Iannetta to second . Smith hit for Reynolds . Ohman pitching for Braves . Spilborghs hit for Smith . Spilborghs flied out to right . Fowler reached on infield single to shortstop , Iannetta to third , Tulowitzki to second . Bennett pitching for Braves . Baker singled to center , Iannetta and Tulowitzki scored , Fowler to third , Baker to second advancing on throw . Holliday intentionally walked . Hawpe hit sacrifice fly to left , Fowler scored . Atkins grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Vizcaino pitching for Rockies . Johnson homered to right . Jones homered to center . McCann doubled to right . Register pitching for Rockies . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Kotchman struck out swinging . Francoeur singled to left , McCann to third . Jones doubled to deep right , McCann scored , Francoeur to third . Norton hit for Bennett . Norton walked . Anderson singled to center , Francoeur and Jones scored , Norton to third . Johnson grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Blanco in left field . Tavarez pitching for Braves . Stewart struck out swinging . Iannetta doubled to deep left . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop , Iannetta to third . Koshansky hit for Register . Koshansky grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iannetta scored , Tulowitzki safe at second on error by shortstop Escobar . Fowler grounded out to pitcher , Tulowitzki to third , Koshansky to second . Baker flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 8th . Speier pitching for Rockies . Jones flied out to center . McCann grounded out to second . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Julio pitching for Braves . Holliday grounded out to second . Hawpe struck out swinging . Atkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Braves 9 .	Braves ' big 7th damages Rockies ' playoff hopes