Athletics - Top 1st. Peacock pitching for Astros. Crisp struck out swinging. Jaso flied out to right. Lowrie walked. Donaldson walked, Lowrie to second. Moss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Altuve singled to left. Fowler struck out swinging. Castro singled to center, Altuve to third. Springer struck out looking. Krauss grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Callaspo walked. Reddick tripled to deep center, Callaspo scored. Barton safe at first on error by shortstop Villar, Reddick scored. Sogard singled to right, Barton to second. Crisp flied out to center. Jaso walked, Barton to third, Sogard to second. Lowrie singled to right, Barton and Sogard scored, Jaso to third. Donaldson grounded into double play, second to first, Lowrie out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Presley grounded out to second. Carter lined out to center. Dominguez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Moss popped out to third. Callaspo flied out to center. Reddick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Villar doubled to deep right center. Villar to third on wild pitch by Chavez. Altuve doubled to left, Villar scored. Fowler walked. Castro struck out swinging. Springer walked, Altuve to third, Fowler to second. Krauss grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Springer out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Barton singled to shallow left. Sogard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Barton out at second. Crisp walked, Sogard to second. Jaso hit sacrifice fly to left, Sogard scored, Crisp to third. Lowrie flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 4th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Presley singled to center. Carter singled to left, Presley to second. Dominguez singled to center, Presley scored, Carter to second. Villar sacrificed to third, Carter to third, Dominguez to second. Altuve safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Donaldson, Carter and Dominguez scored. Fowler doubled to shallow center, Altuve to third. Castro grounded out to second, Altuve scored, Fowler to third. Springer struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Donaldson walked. Moss singled to shallow center, Donaldson to second. Callaspo popped out to shortstop. Reddick flied out to right. Barton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Krauss flied out to center. Presley grounded out to second. Carter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Cisnero pitching for Astros. Sogard walked. Crisp flied out to right. Sogard stole second. Jaso flied out to center. Lowrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Dominguez grounded out to shortstop. Villar struck out swinging. Altuve singled to center. Fowler grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Cisnero pitching for Astros. Donaldson struck out looking. Moss singled to right. Callaspo walked, Moss to second. Valdes pitching for Astros. Gentry hit for Reddick. Gentry popped out to first. Barton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Gentry in right field. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Castro struck out swinging. Springer singled to center. Guzman hit for Krauss. Guzman flied out to center. Hoes hit for Presley. Hoes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Guzman at first base. Hoes in left field. Punto hit for Sogard. Valdes pitching for Astros. Punto struck out swinging. Crisp popped out to second. Norris hit for Jaso. Qualls pitching for Astros. Norris singled to left. Lowrie singled to right, Norris to third. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lowrie out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Norris catching. Punto at second base. Gregerson pitching for Athletics. Carter doubled to left. Gonzalez ran for Carter. Dominguez struck out swinging. Villar grounded out to second, Gonzalez to third. Altuve grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Fields pitching for Astros. Moss hit by pitch. Callaspo singled to center, Moss to second. Gentry reached on bunt single to pitcher, Moss to third, Callaspo to second. Barton singled to right, Moss and Callaspo scored, Gentry to second, Gentry scored on error by right fielder Springer. Punto doubled to deep right, Barton to third. Bass pitching for Astros. Crisp grounded out to second, Barton scored. Norris doubled to deep left, Punto scored. Lowrie grounded out to third, Norris to third. Donaldson homered to left (395 feet), Norris scored. Moss hit by pitch. Callaspo walked, Moss to second. Gentry flied out to right. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 9th. Abad pitching for Athletics. Fowler flied out to right. Castro hit by pitch. Springer struck out swinging. Guzman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 12 - Astros 5.	A's down Astros again 12-5