Astros - Top 1st. Richards pitching for Angels. Altuve fouled out to first. Castro struck out swinging. Springer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. McHugh pitching for Astros. Calhoun singled to right. Trout struck out swinging. Calhoun caught stealing second, catcher to second. Pujols walked. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Richards pitching for Angels. Singleton struck out looking. Dominguez singled to right. Presley grounded out to first, Dominguez to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Aybar struck out looking. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Cron grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Richards pitching for Angels. Corporan singled to left. Hernandez walked, Corporan to second. Altuve grounded into double play, third to second, Corporan out at third, Hernandez out at second, Altuve to first. Castro lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Conger singled to center. McDonald sacrificed to first, Conger to second. Calhoun singled to center, Conger to third. Trout hit by pitch, Calhoun to second. Pujols singled to left, Conger and Calhoun scored, Trout to second. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second, Trout to third, Trout scored on throwing error by second baseman Altuve. Aybar grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 4th. Richards pitching for Angels. Springer struck out swinging. Singleton struck out looking. Dominguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Kendrick walked. Cron struck out swinging. Conger grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kendrick out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Richards pitching for Angels. Presley grounded out to second. Gonzalez singled to center. Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Richards. Corporan grounded out to shortstop, Gonzalez to third. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Astros. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. Calhoun walked. Trout singled to right, Calhoun to third. Pujols struck out swinging. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Richards pitching for Angels. Altuve singled to center. Castro struck out swinging. Altuve stole second. Springer struck out looking. Singleton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Astros. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick struck out swinging. Cron grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Richards pitching for Angels. Dominguez grounded out to shortstop. Presley doubled to right. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Corporan singled to right, Presley scored. Hernandez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Martinez pitching for Astros. Conger popped out to first. McDonald flied out to center. Calhoun homered to right (409 feet). Trout struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Richards pitching for Angels. Altuve flied out to center. Thatcher pitching for Angels. Castro singled to center. Morin pitching for Angels. Springer struck out looking. Singleton popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Qualls pitching for Astros. Pujols singled to center. Pujols caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Hamilton walked. Aybar singled to left, Hamilton to third. Aybar stole second, Hamilton scored, Aybar safe at third on throwing error by catcher Corporan. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aybar scored. Bass pitching for Astros. Cron grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kendrick out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 9th. Salas pitching for Angels. Dominguez lined out to second. Presley grounded out to second. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 1 - Angels 6.	Richards K's 11; Angels' home streak at 10