Astros - Top 1st. Mikolas pitching for Rangers. Altuve popped out to second. Presley fouled out to third. Springer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Cosart pitching for Astros. Choo struck out looking. Andrus grounded out to second. Rios flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Mikolas pitching for Rangers. Singleton singled to right. Dominguez singled to left, Singleton to second. Carter singled to center, Singleton to third, Dominguez to second. Corporan singled to left, Singleton scored, Dominguez to third, Carter to second. Hernandez singled to right, Dominguez scored, Carter to third, Corporan to second. Gonzalez tripled to deep center, Carter, Corporan and Hernandez scored. Altuve popped out to second. Presley singled to center, Gonzalez scored. Springer struck out swinging, Presley stole second. Singleton struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Cosart pitching for Astros. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Martin walked. Chirinos fouled out to first. Pena singled to left, Martin to second. Odor safe at first on error by first baseman Singleton, Martin scored, Pena to second. Robertson popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Top 3rd. Mikolas pitching for Rangers. Dominguez singled to center. Carter struck out swinging. Corporan flied out to left. Hernandez reached on infield single to second, Dominguez to second. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Cosart pitching for Astros. Choo singled to right. Andrus grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Choo out at second. Rios doubled to deep center. Beltre doubled to deep right, Rios scored. Martin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Mikolas pitching for Rangers. Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop. Presley struck out looking. Springer reached on infield single to second, Altuve to second. Altuve to third, Springer to second on passed ball by Chirinos. Singleton homered to right center (436 feet), Altuve and Springer scored. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Dominguez grounded out to third. Carter lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Cosart pitching for Astros. Chirinos singled to left. Pena popped out to second. Odor singled to right, Chirinos to second. Robertson flied out to center. Choo walked, Chirinos to third, Odor to second. Andrus doubled to deep left, Chirinos, Odor and Choo scored. Rios grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Corporan singled to center. Hernandez popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Corporan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Cosart pitching for Astros. Beltre homered to center (411 feet). Martin bunt grounded out to third. Chirinos grounded out to third. Pena singled to left center. Odor grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Baker pitching for Rangers. Altuve flied out to center. Presley homered to right (392 feet). Springer grounded out to shortstop. Singleton walked. Dominguez flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Downs pitching for Astros. Robertson grounded out to third. Choo walked. Fields pitching for Astros. Andrus struck out looking. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Baker pitching for Rangers. Carter lined out to left. Corporan grounded out to first. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Fields pitching for Astros. Beltre struck out swinging. Sipp pitching for Astros. Smolinski hit for Martin. Smolinski struck out swinging. Chirinos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Smolinski in left field. Robertson in center field. Baker pitching for Rangers. Gonzalez walked. Altuve singled to center, Gonzalez to third. Altuve stole second. Hoes hit for Presley. Hoes hit sacrifice fly to right, Gonzalez scored, Altuve to third. Springer struck out looking. Singleton doubled to deep right, Altuve scored. Dominguez fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Hoes in right field. Springer in center field. Gimenez hit for Pena. Sipp pitching for Astros. Gimenez struck out swinging. Odor struck out swinging. Robertson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Gimenez at first base. Baker pitching for Rangers. Carter grounded out to shortstop. Soria pitching for Rangers. Corporan hit ground rule double to left. Hernandez flied out to right, Corporan to third. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Veras pitching for Astros. Choo grounded out to first. Andrus reached on infield single to second. Andrus to second on fielder's indifference. Rios singled to right, Andrus scored. Beltre struck out swinging. Rios to second on wild pitch by Veras. Smolinski grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 12 - Rangers 7.	Astros rock Rangers, stop skid at 7