Astros - Top 1st. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Altuve grounded out to first. Castro grounded out to second. Springer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Eaton singled to center. Ramirez singled to right, Eaton to second. Abreu struck out swinging. Viciedo flied out to left. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Carter grounded out to shortstop. Singleton flied out to right. Dominguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Gillaspie grounded out to second. Beckham grounded out to third. De Aza singled to left. Flowers singled to left, De Aza to second. Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop, De Aza scored, Flowers to third, Eaton to second on error by shortstop Gonzalez. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 3rd. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Grossman struck out looking. Hernandez singled to center. Gonzalez flied out to left. Altuve singled to left, Hernandez to second. Castro fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Abreu struck out swinging. Viciedo singled to center. Konerko walked, Viciedo to second. Gillaspie singled to center, Viciedo scored, Konerko to second. Beckham struck out swinging. De Aza walked, Konerko to third, Gillaspie to second. Flowers hit by pitch, Konerko scored, Gillaspie to third, De Aza to second. Eaton struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Springer homered to right (429 feet). Carter struck out swinging. Singleton grounded out to first. Dominguez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Ramirez reached on infield single to third. Abreu singled to left, Ramirez to second. Viciedo struck out looking. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to first, Abreu out at second, Ramirez to third. Gillaspie flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Grossman grounded out to second. Hernandez singled to deep right. Gonzalez singled to left, Hernandez to second. Hernandez to third, Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Noesi. Altuve doubled to left, Hernandez and Gonzalez scored. Castro fouled out to left. Springer grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Beckham flied out to center. De Aza tripled to deep right. Flowers doubled to deep left center, De Aza scored. Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop, Flowers to third. Ramirez grounded into double play, second to first, Eaton out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Carter walked. Singleton flied out to left. Dominguez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Carter out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Bass pitching for Astros. Abreu flied out to right. Viciedo flied out to right. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Guerra pitching for White Sox. Grossman singled to right. Hernandez singled to center, Grossman to second. Belisario pitching for White Sox. Gonzalez sacrificed to third, Grossman to third, Hernandez to second. Altuve struck out swinging. Castro intentionally walked. Springer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Sipp pitching for Astros. Gillaspie struck out swinging. Beckham struck out swinging. De Aza grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Belisario pitching for White Sox. Carter lined out to left. Singleton struck out swinging. Dominguez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Qualls pitching for Astros. Flowers singled to right center. Eaton sacrificed to third, Flowers to second. Ramirez struck out swinging. Abreu lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Sierra in right field. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Grossman walked. Hernandez popped out to second. Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop, Grossman to second. Altuve struck out looking. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 3 - White Sox 4.	Flowers' 3 hits, go-ahead RBI lead White Sox