Astros - Top 1st. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Altuve singled to shallow left. Grossman lined out to right. Altuve stole second. Carter singled to shallow left, Altuve to third. Singleton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Altuve scored, Carter out at second. Dominguez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Peacock pitching for Astros. Revere singled to shallow left. Rollins doubled to right, Revere to third. Utley flied out to left. Howard doubled to deep left center, Revere and Rollins scored. Byrd walked. Sizemore walked, Howard to third, Byrd to second. Howard scored, Byrd to third, Sizemore to second on wild pitch by Peacock. Nieves hit sacrifice fly to left, Byrd scored. Asche intentionally walked. Buchanan singled to right, Sizemore scored, Asche to third, Buchanan thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Corporan flied out to center. Marisnick singled to center. Petit singled to shallow left, Marisnick to second. Peacock struck out swinging. Altuve grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Revere reached on infield single to pitcher. Rollins popped out to third. Utley lined out to center. Revere stole second. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Grossman struck out looking. Carter fouled out to third. Singleton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Byrd lined out to second. Sizemore grounded out to first. Nieves struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Dominguez doubled to deep center. Corporan grounded out to second, Dominguez to third. Marisnick hit sacrifice fly to center, Dominguez scored. Petit struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Asche struck out swinging. Buchanan walked. Revere flied out to center. Rollins singled to shallow right, Buchanan to second. Utley homered to right (376 feet), Buchanan and Rollins scored. Howard struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Peacock struck out swinging. Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop. Grossman grounded into fielder's choice to first, Altuve out at second. Carter singled to right, Grossman to third. Singleton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Sizemore grounded out to third. Nieves grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Dominguez struck out looking. Corporan flied out to center. Marisnick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Downs pitching for Astros. Asche struck out swinging. Buchanan flied out to center. Revere singled to center. Rollins grounded into fielder's choice to third, Revere out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Petit singled to center. Krauss hit for Downs. Krauss singled to right, Petit to second, Petit to third, Krauss to second on error by right fielder Byrd. Altuve grounded out to shortstop, Petit scored. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Krauss to third on wild pitch by Diekman. Grossman struck out swinging. Carter flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Foltynewicz pitching for Astros. Krauss in right field. Utley singled to center. Howard singled to center, Utley to second. Byrd singled to left, Utley scored, Howard to second. Sizemore grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Byrd out at second, Howard to third. Nieves struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Sizemore in right field. Brown in left field. Singleton flied out to center. Dominguez struck out looking. Corporan lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Foltynewicz pitching for Astros. Asche fouled out to third. Brown flied out to left. Revere tripled to deep center. Revere scored on Foltynewicz' wild pitch. Rollins struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Jimenez pitching for Phillies. Marisnick popped out to first. Petit flied out to left. Hoes hit for Krauss. Hoes singled to shallow center. Altuve popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 3 - Phillies 10.	Utley's 3-run shot lifts Phillies over Astros 10-3