Astros - Top 1st. Samardzija pitching for Athletics. Grossman grounded out to second. Altuve lined out to right. Fowler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Crisp flied out to right. Gentry lined out to right. Donaldson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Samardzija pitching for Athletics. Carter grounded out to third. Castro grounded out to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Norris popped out to second. Gomes grounded out to first. Dunn hit by pitch. Lowrie singled to center, Dunn to second. Freiman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Samardzija pitching for Athletics. Dominguez struck out swinging. Singleton homered to right (374 feet). Marisnick struck out swinging. Grossman grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Callaspo reached on infield single to pitcher. Crisp struck out swinging. Gentry walked, Callaspo to second. Donaldson walked, Callaspo to third, Gentry to second. Norris singled to right, Callaspo scored, Gentry to third, Donaldson to second, Gentry scored, Donaldson to third on error by right fielder Marisnick. Gomes fouled out to catcher. Dunn singled to shallow right, Donaldson scored, Norris to second. Lowrie grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dunn out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 4th. Samardzija pitching for Athletics. Altuve singled to right. Fowler struck out swinging, Altuve stole second. Carter singled to center, Altuve scored. Castro grounded out to shortstop, Carter to second. Gonzalez fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Freiman reached on infield single to second. Callaspo singled to center, Freiman to second. Crisp safe at first on error by center fielder Fowler, Freiman to third, Callaspo to second. Gentry grounded into fielder's choice to third, Freiman out at home, Callaspo to third, Crisp to second. Donaldson grounded into double play, third to catcher to first, Callaspo out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 5th. Samardzija pitching for Athletics. Dominguez fouled out to first. Singleton struck out swinging. Marisnick fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Norris grounded out to second. Gomes lined out to second. Dunn flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Samardzija pitching for Athletics. Grossman struck out looking. Altuve singled to center. Fowler flied out to left. Carter homered to left center (439 feet), Altuve scored. Castro singled to right. Gonzalez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Presley in left field. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Lowrie flied out to right. Freiman popped out to first. Callaspo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Samardzija pitching for Athletics. Dominguez struck out swinging. Singleton struck out swinging. Marisnick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Crisp singled to left. Gentry lined out to center. Veras pitching for Astros. Donaldson struck out swinging, Crisp stole second. Norris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Cook pitching for Athletics. Presley grounded out to second. Altuve struck out swinging. Fowler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Fuld hit for Gomes. Sipp pitching for Astros. Fuld lined out to first. Dunn struck out swinging. Lowrie struck out swinging, Lowrie safe at first on wild pitch by Sipp. Burns ran for Lowrie. Freiman fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Fuld in left field. Parrino at shortstop. Cook pitching for Athletics. Carter struck out swinging. Abad pitching for Athletics. Castro flied out to left. Gonzalez singled to right. Dominguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Sipp pitching for Astros. Callaspo struck out swinging. Crisp struck out swinging. Gentry popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 4 - Athletics 3.	Carter hits 36th HR, Astros beat slumping A's 4-3