Royals - Top 1st. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Berroa reached on infield single to second. Beltran doubled to deep left, Berroa to third. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop, Berroa scored, Beltran to third. Stairs flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Villacis pitching for Royals. Jeter singled to center. Williams flied out to left. Rodriguez singled to left, Jeter to second. Giambi walked, Rodriguez to second. Sheffield reached on infield single to shortstop, Jeter scored, Rodriguez to third, Giambi to second. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez scored, Sheffield out at second, Giambi to third. Sierra walked, Matsui to second. Flaherty flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 2nd. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Harvey grounded out to third. Relaford grounded out to shortstop. Santiago struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Villacis pitching for Royals. Wilson lined out to first. Jeter singled to left. Jeter stole second. Williams grounded out to second, Jeter to third. Rodriguez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Lopez struck out swinging. Berroa struck out swinging. Beltran grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Villacis pitching for Royals. Giambi walked. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Giambi out at second. Sheffield to second on wild pitch by Villacis. Matsui walked. Sierra homered to right, Sheffield and Matsui scored. Flaherty flied out to center. Wilson grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Sweeney flied out to right. Gonzalez flied out to left. Stairs singled to right. Harvey grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stairs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Villacis pitching for Royals. Jeter flied out to right. Williams singled to center. Camp pitching for Royals. Rodriguez grounded out to third, Williams to second. Giambi hit by pitch. Sheffield grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Relaford grounded out to first. Santiago grounded out to second. Lopez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Camp pitching for Royals. Matsui homered to left. Sierra walked. Flaherty doubled to left, Sierra to third. Wilson hit sacrifice fly, left to third to second, Flaherty doubled off second. Jeter singled to right. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jeter out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Berroa safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Wilson. Beltran grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Berroa out at second. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Camp pitching for Royals. Rodriguez singled to left. Giambi reached on infield single to second, Rodriguez to third. Sheffield struck out swinging. Matsui struck out swinging. Sierra lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez flied out to center. Stairs homered to right. Harvey grounded out to third. Field pitching for Royals. Relaford grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Field pitching for Royals. Flaherty struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to second. Jeter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Santiago singled to left. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Lopez singled to left, Santiago to second. Berroa struck out looking. Beltran flied out to left. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Sweeney doubled to deep right center, Santiago and Lopez scored. Leskanic pitching for Royals. Gonzalez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Leskanic pitching for Royals. Williams flied out to right. Rodriguez walked. Giambi hit ground rule double to deep center, Rodriguez to third. Sheffield walked. Matsui safe at first on error by third baseman Lopez, Rodriguez scored, Giambi to third, Sheffield to second. Sierra homered to right, Giambi, Sheffield and Matsui scored. Flaherty grounded out to second. Sullivan pitching for Royals. Wilson singled to right. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Jeter grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 9th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Stairs safe at first on error by first baseman Giambi. Harvey grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Stairs out at second. Relaford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - Yankees 12.	Sierra's 7 RBI make Lieber's Yanks debut easy