Orioles - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Royals. Roberts safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Berroa. Newhan struck out swinging. Roberts stole second. Mora singled to center, Roberts scored. Tejada homered to left, Mora scored. Lopez singled to center. Matos walked, Lopez to second. Mottola popped out to third. Bigbie safe at second on error by center fielder DeJesus, Lopez and Matos scored. Hairston Jr flied out to center. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. DeJesus flied out to left. Graffanino flied out to left. Sweeney walked. Stairs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Royals. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Newhan flied out to center. Mora walked. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mora out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Harvey struck out looking. Brown lined out to center. Berroa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Royals. Lopez walked. Matos doubled to deep left, Lopez to third. Huisman pitching for Royals. Mottola homered to left, Lopez and Matos scored. Bigbie singled to left. Hairston Jr singled to left, Bigbie to second. Roberts flied out to center. Newhan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hairston Jr out at second, Bigbie to third, Newhan to first, Bigbie scored on throwing error by second baseman Graffanino. Mora struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Relaford popped out to shortstop. Buck grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Huisman pitching for Royals. Tejada grounded out to third. Lopez singled to center. Matos hit by pitch, Lopez to second. Mottola grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Matos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Graffanino struck out looking. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. Stairs grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Huisman pitching for Royals. Bigbie struck out swinging. Hairston Jr singled to shallow right center. Roberts struck out swinging. Newhan homered to right, Hairston Jr scored. Mora struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Harvey singled to center. Brown struck out swinging. Berroa lined out to left. Relaford hit by pitch, Harvey to second. Buck singled to shallow center, Harvey to third, Relaford to second. DeJesus walked, Harvey scored, Relaford to third, Buck to second. Graffanino walked, Relaford scored, Buck to third, DeJesus to second. Sullivan pitching for Royals. Sweeney flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Sullivan pitching for Royals. Tejada struck out swinging. Lopez singled to left center. Matos flied out to right. Mottola lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Stairs grounded out to first. Harvey grounded out to shortstop. Brown grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Sullivan pitching for Royals. Bigbie struck out looking. Hairston Jr singled to left. Roberts fouled out to third. Newhan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Berroa walked. Relaford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Berroa safe at second on error by shortstop Tejada. Buck grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Relaford out at second, Berroa to third. DeJesus singled to right, Berroa scored. DeJesus to second on wild pitch by Cabrera. Graffanino walked. Field pitching for Royals. Sweeney flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 8th. Field pitching for Royals. Mora doubled to deep right center. Tejada popped out to second. Lopez ran for Mora. Lopez doubled to right, Lopez scored. Matos doubled to deep right center, Lopez scored. Mottola flied out to left. Lopez at third base. Machado catching. Raines Jr in center field. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Bigbie lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Gettis ran for Stairs. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Stairs walked. Harvey struck out looking. Brown singled to left, Gettis to second. Berroa grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Brown out at second, Gettis to third. Relaford singled to right, Gettis scored, Berroa to second. Bautista at third base. Gettis in right field. Relaford at second base. Cerda pitching for Royals. Buck fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Cerda pitching for Royals. Hairston Jr popped out to second. Roberts flied out to center. Newhan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. DeJesus struck out looking. Bautista walked. Sweeney grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bautista out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 13 - Royals 4.	Every Orioles starter scores against Royals