Royals - Top 1st. Mulder pitching for Athletics. DeJesus grounded out to first. Randa grounded out to third. Sweeney singled to left. Harvey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Royals. Kotsay singled to center. McLemore grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kotsay out at second. Chavez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, McLemore out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Nunez struck out swinging. Mateo grounded out to shortstop. Relaford walked. Buck struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Royals. Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop. Miller grounded out to shortstop. Durazo doubled to deep right. McMillon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Blanco lined out to third. DeJesus grounded out to second. Randa grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Royals. Byrnes flied out to left. Crosby grounded out to third. Kotsay fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. Harvey singled to center. Nunez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Harvey out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Royals. McLemore grounded out to second. Chavez grounded out to first. Hatteberg singled to right. Miller grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Mateo flied out to left. Relaford grounded out to third. Buck grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Royals. Durazo popped out to second. McMillon grounded out to second. Byrnes fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Blanco grounded out to second. DeJesus singled to left. Randa struck out swinging. Sweeney singled to right, DeJesus to third. Harvey walked, Sweeney to second. Nunez homered to center, DeJesus, Sweeney and Harvey scored. Mateo struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Royals. Crosby hit by pitch. Kotsay singled to right, Crosby to third. McLemore walked, Kotsay to second. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Crosby out at home, Kotsay to third, McLemore to second. Hatteberg singled to center, Kotsay scored, McLemore thrown out at home, Chavez to second. Miller struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Relaford flied out to left. Buck grounded out to third. Camp pitching for Royals. Blanco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Camp pitching for Royals. Durazo singled to right. McMillon flied out to right. Byrnes singled to left, Durazo to second. Crosby singled to left, Durazo to third, Byrnes to second. Kotsay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Crosby out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. DeJesus reached on bunt single to shortstop. Randa homered to center, DeJesus scored. Garcia pitching for Athletics. Sweeney doubled to deep left. Harvey walked. Nunez struck out swinging. Mateo walked, Sweeney to third, Harvey to second. Relaford lined out to right. Buck homered to center, Sweeney, Harvey and Mateo scored. Blanco struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Camp pitching for Royals. McLemore grounded out to shortstop. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Chavez reached on infield single to third, Chavez to second on throwing error by third baseman Randa. Hatteberg walked. Miller walked, Chavez to third, Hatteberg to second. Durazo singled to left, Chavez scored, Hatteberg to third, Miller to second. McMillon hit sacrifice fly to right, Hatteberg scored, McMillon safe at first on error by center fielder DeJesus. Miller to third, Durazo to second, McMillon to first on error by center. Byrnes struck out swinging. Hammond pitching for Athletics. Crosby struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Hammond pitching for Athletics. DeJesus struck out swinging. Randa struck out looking. Sweeney hit by pitch. Vasquez pitching for Royals. Harvey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Vasquez pitching for Royals. Kotsay grounded out to shortstop. McLemore lined out to second. Chavez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 10 - Athletics 3.	Royals twice slam door Mulder, Athletics