Yankees - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Royals. Jeter singled to center. Rodriguez doubled to deep center, Jeter to third. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jeter out at home. Posada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sheffield out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Halsey pitching for Yankees. DeJesus flied out to right. Berroa hit by pitch. Nunez flied out to center, Berroa to second. Harvey singled to center, Berroa scored. Randa flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Royals. Matsui doubled to deep left. Williams grounded out to shortstop. Olerud grounded out to pitcher, Matsui to third. Sierra flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Halsey pitching for Yankees. Stairs grounded out to shortstop. Buck doubled to deep left center. Brown safe at first on error by pitcher Halsey, Buck to third. Gotay grounded into double play, third to second to first, Brown out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Royals. Cairo singled to left center. Jeter singled to left, Cairo to second. Rodriguez singled to left, Cairo scored, Jeter to third. Sheffield fouled out to catcher. Posada grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jeter scored, Rodriguez out at second. Matsui flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Halsey pitching for Yankees. DeJesus flied out to right. Berroa singled to center. Nunez struck out swinging, Berroa stole second. Harvey singled to left, Berroa scored. Randa flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Royals. Williams singled to center. Olerud flied out to left. Sierra popped out to second. Cairo singled to center, Williams to second. Jeter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Halsey pitching for Yankees. Stairs struck out swinging. Buck singled to left. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Buck out at second. Gotay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Royals. Rodriguez walked. Sheffield doubled to left, Rodriguez to third. Posada fouled out to first. Matsui hit sacrifice fly to center, Rodriguez scored. Williams grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Halsey pitching for Yankees. DeJesus walked. Berroa reached on bunt single to pitcher, DeJesus to second. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Nunez reached on bunt single to first, DeJesus to third, Berroa to second. Harvey walked, DeJesus scored, Berroa to third, Nunez to second. Berroa scored, Nunez to third, Harvey to second on wild pitch by Sturtze. Nunez scored, Harvey to third on balk by Sturtze. Randa grounded out to shortstop. Stairs intentionally walked. Buck homered to left, Harvey and Stairs scored. Brown grounded out to second. Gotay singled to left. DeJesus singled to center, Gotay to third. Prinz pitching for Yankees. Berroa singled to right, Gotay scored, DeJesus to third. Nunez walked, Berroa to second. DeJesus scored, Berroa to third, Nunez to second on wild pitch by Prinz. Harvey walked. Nitkowski pitching for Yankees. Randa singled to left, Berroa and Nunez scored, Harvey to second. Stairs grounded out to pitcher. 10 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Royals. Olerud grounded out to shortstop. Sierra lined out to shortstop. Cairo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Nitkowski pitching for Yankees. Buck grounded out to shortstop. Brown grounded out to third. Gotay singled to right. Camp pitching for Royals. DeJesus grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez walked. Sheffield grounded out to pitcher, Rodriguez to second. Posada hit by pitch. Wilson at shortstop. Crosby in right field. Flaherty catching. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Matsui struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Berroa reached on infield single to second. Nunez walked, Berroa to second. Harvey flied out to right, Berroa to third. Randa singled to right, Berroa scored, Nunez to third. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Stairs walked, Randa to second. Buck doubled to center, Nunez and Randa scored, Stairs to third. Brown grounded out to first, Stairs scored, Buck to third. Gotay singled to center, Buck scored. Gomez in right field. Guerrero at third base. Phillips catching. George pitching for Royals. DeJesus grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Clark hit for Olerud. George pitching for Royals. Williams doubled to deep right center. Clark safe at first on error by third baseman Guerrero, Williams to third. Sierra popped out to shortstop. Cairo walked, Clark to second. Karsay pitching for Yankees. Clark at first base. Sierra in left field. Wilson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cairo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Karsay pitching for Yankees. Berroa singled to center. Gomez walked, Berroa to second. Harvey flied out to left. Guerrero grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gomez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. George pitching for Royals. Rodriguez singled to left. Crosby flied out to left. Flaherty reached on infield single to shortstop, Rodriguez to second. Navarro singled to left, Rodriguez scored, Flaherty to second. Williams walked, Flaherty to third, Navarro to second. Clark struck out swinging. Sierra tripled to deep left center, Flaherty, Navarro and Williams scored. Cairo singled to right, Sierra scored. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cairo out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 8 - Royals 17.	Yanks: Uncle, Buck! Royals roll with 10-run fifth