Reds - Top 1st. Conley pitching for Marlins. Phillips grounded out to second. Votto flied out to left. Frazier doubled to left. Bruce singled to left, Frazier thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Iglesias pitching for Reds. Gordon struck out swinging. Yelich bunt grounded out to catcher. Hechavarría struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Conley pitching for Marlins. Byrd flied out to center. Peña lined out to shortstop. Suárez homered to left (376 feet). Iglesias grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Iglesias pitching for Reds. Bour flied out to right. McGehee grounded out to second. Gillespie grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Conley pitching for Marlins. Hamilton singled to center. Phillips fouled out to first. Hamilton stole second. Hamilton stole third. Votto walked. Frazier hit sacrifice fly to left, Hamilton scored. Bruce flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Iglesias pitching for Reds. Realmuto popped out to second. Suzuki singled to left. Conley sacrificed to pitcher, Suzuki to second. Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki to third. Yelich lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Byrd grounded out to third. Peña struck out looking. Suárez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Iglesias pitching for Reds. Hechavarría flied out to right. Bour singled to left. McGehee grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bour out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Iglesias flied out to center. Hamilton struck out swinging. Phillips singled to center. Votto walked, Phillips to second. Frazier fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Iglesias pitching for Reds. Gillespie homered to left center (418 feet). Realmuto singled to left. Suzuki lined out to center. Dietrich hit for Conley. Dietrich singled to right, Realmuto to third. Gordon reached on bunt single to catcher, Realmuto scored, Dietrich to second. Yelich singled to center, Dietrich scored, Gordon to second. Badenhop pitching for Reds. Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop, Gordon to third, Yelich to second. Bour intentionally walked. McGehee singled to right, Gordon and Yelich scored, Bour to third. Gillespie grounded into fielder's choice to second, McGehee out at second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Bruce singled to shallow left. Byrd grounded out to third, Bruce to second. Peña walked. Suárez grounded into fielder's choice to left, Peña out at second, Bruce to third. Schumaker hit for Badenhop. Schumaker singled to right, Bruce scored, Suárez to second. Hamilton grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Adcock pitching for Reds. Realmuto grounded out to third. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Morse hit for Dyson. Morse struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Phillips lined out to center. Votto struck out looking. Frazier popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Parra pitching for Reds. Gordon reached on infield single to first. Rojas ran for Gordon. Yelich singled to left center, Rojas to third, Yelich to second advancing on throw. Hechavarría singled to center, Rojas scored, Yelich to third. Bour doubled to right, Yelich and Hechavarría scored. McGehee singled to center, Bour to third. Villarreal pitching for Reds. Gillespie singled to right, Bour scored, McGehee to second. Realmuto homered to left (377 feet), McGehee and Gillespie scored. Suzuki singled to left. Dunn singled to center, Suzuki to second. Rojas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dunn out at second, Suzuki to third. Yelich singled to left, Suzuki scored, Rojas to second. Hechavarría struck out swinging. Bour grounded out to shortstop. 8 Runs, 10 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Rojas at second base. Hand pitching for Marlins. Bruce singled to right. Byrd struck out swinging. Peña flied out to center. De Jesús hit for Suárez. De Jesús grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bruce out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. De Jesús at shortstop. Contreras pitching for Reds. McGehee flied out to right. Gillespie doubled to left. Realmuto doubled to deep right center, Gillespie scored. Suzuki lined out to left. Hand flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Bourgeois hit for Contreras. Hand pitching for Marlins. Bourgeois flied out to center. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 3 - Marlins 14.	Marlins lose Gordon to thumb injury in 14-3 win over Reds