Reds - Top 1st. Garza pitching for Brewers. Bourgeois singled to center. Bruce doubled to left, Bourgeois to third. Votto struck out looking. Phillips grounded out to second, Bourgeois scored, Bruce to third. Frazier reached on bunt single to third, Bruce scored. Frazier caught stealing second, catcher to second. Suárez batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Sampson pitching for Reds. Gennett singled to center. Lucroy walked, Gennett to second. Braun struck out swinging. Lind singled to center, Gennett scored, Lucroy to second. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lucroy out at third, Lind to second. Santana struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Garza pitching for Brewers. Suárez singled to center. Schumaker doubled to right, Suárez to third. Barnhart grounded out to first, Suárez scored, Schumaker to third. Sampson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schumaker out at home. Bourgeois singled to center, Sampson to second. Sampson to third, Bourgeois to second on wild pitch by Garza. Bruce homered to center (441 feet), Sampson and Bourgeois scored. Votto singled to left center. Phillips walked, Votto to second. Frazier grounded into fielder's choice to third, Phillips out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Sampson pitching for Reds. Herrera walked. Segura doubled to deep right, Herrera to third. Garza struck out swinging. Gennett singled to left, Herrera scored, Segura scored, Gennett to second on error by third baseman Frazier. Lucroy grounded out to third. Braun grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 3rd. Garza pitching for Brewers. Suárez flied out to center. Schumaker singled to left. Barnhart grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Schumaker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Sampson pitching for Reds. Lind lined out to left. Davis lined out to center. Santana flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Sampson struck out swinging. Bourgeois singled to center. Bruce lined out to center. Bourgeois to second on wild pitch by Garza. Votto singled to center, Bourgeois scored. Thornburg pitching for Brewers. Phillips grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Sampson pitching for Reds. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. Segura singled to left. Segura to second on wild pitch by Sampson. Thornburg grounded out to pitcher. Gennett singled to right, Segura scored. Lucroy singled to center, Gennett to third. Villarreal pitching for Reds. Braun singled to right, Gennett scored, Lucroy to second. Lind singled to right, Lucroy scored, Braun to third. Davis walked, Lind to second. Santana struck out looking. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Thornburg pitching for Brewers. Frazier homered to left (385 feet). Suárez grounded out to shortstop. Schumaker grounded out to pitcher. Barnhart popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Villarreal pitching for Reds. Herrera doubled to left. Segura singled to center, Herrera to third. Peterson hit for Thornburg. Peterson hit sacrifice fly to center, Herrera scored, Segura to second on error by shortstop Suárez. Badenhop pitching for Reds. De Jesús in left field. Gennett tripled to deep right, Segura scored. Lucroy hit sacrifice fly to right, Gennett scored. Braun struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 6th. Jiménez pitching for Brewers. De Jesús grounded out to third. Bourgeois grounded out to third. Bruce lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Badenhop pitching for Reds. Lind lined out to center. Davis struck out swinging. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Votto lined out to third. Phillips singled to left. Frazier lined out to third. Suárez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phillips out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Díaz pitching for Reds. Herrera lined out to right. Segura grounded out to first. Schafer hit for Jeffress. Schafer popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Santana in left field. Schafer in center field. LaMarre hit for Díaz. LaMarre grounded out to second. Barnhart struck out swinging. De Jesús walked. Bourgeois flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Hoover pitching for Reds. Gennett lined out to third. Lucroy tripled to deep center. Braun flied out to right. Lind intentionally walked. Rogers hit for Smith. Rogers flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Rodríguez pitching for Brewers. Bruce singled to center. Votto homered to left (384 feet), Bruce scored. Phillips walked. Frazier grounded into fielder's choice to third, Phillips out at second. Suárez struck out looking. Peña hit for Hoover. Peña singled to right, Frazier to third. Frazier scored, Peña to second on passed ball by Lucroy. Barnhart singled to center, Peña scored, Barnhart to second advancing on throw. Goforth pitching for Brewers. De Jesús grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Chapman pitching for Reds. Santana grounded out to third. Herrera struck out swinging. Segura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 12 - Brewers 9.	Votto's 9th-inning HR lifts Reds over Brewers 12-9