Mets - Top 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Reyes struck out swinging. Church singled to left. Wright grounded into double play, third to second to first, Church out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Young reached on infield single to third. Drew flied out to right. Byrnes grounded into double play, second to first, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Beltran singled to right. Delgado grounded out to second, Beltran to second. Easley safe at first on error by pitcher Webb, Beltran to third. Casanova singled to center, Beltran scored, Easley to third. Chavez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Casanova out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Jackson walked. Upton walked, Jackson to second. Reynolds grounded out to third, Jackson to third, Upton to second. Ojeda singled to right, Jackson and Upton scored. Snyder singled to center, Ojeda to second. Webb sacrificed to first, Ojeda to third, Snyder to second. Young popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Pelfrey grounded out to pitcher. Reyes walked. Reyes stole second. Church popped out to shortstop. Wright fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Drew flied out to center. Byrnes popped out to first. Jackson singled to left. Upton singled to right, Jackson to third. Reynolds flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Beltran grounded out to second. Delgado grounded out to first. Easley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Ojeda popped out to shortstop. Snyder singled to center. Webb sacrificed to first, Snyder to second. Young walked. Drew singled to left, Snyder scored, Young to third, Drew to second advancing on throw. Byrnes grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Casanova grounded out to second. Chavez grounded out to second. Pelfrey grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Jackson singled to center. Jackson stole second. Upton walked. Reynolds struck out looking. Ojeda doubled to deep right, Jackson and Upton scored, Ojeda thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Snyder grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Reyes grounded out to third. Church singled to right center. Wright fouled out to right. Beltran walked, Church to second. Delgado homered to right, Church and Beltran scored. Easley struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Sosa pitching for Mets. Salazar hit for Webb. Salazar singled to center. Young struck out swinging. Drew flied out to right. Byrnes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Casanova grounded out to second. Chavez struck out swinging. Pagan hit for Sosa. Pagan safe at first on error by shortstop Drew. Reyes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Heilman pitching for Mets. Jackson grounded out to third. Upton walked. Reynolds struck out swinging. Ojeda hit by pitch, Upton to second. Snyder hit by pitch, Upton to third, Ojeda to second. Montero hit for Qualls. Montero struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Church struck out swinging. Wright grounded out to shortstop. Beltran grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Sanchez pitching for Mets. Young singled to left center. Drew singled to right center, Young to second. Byrnes singled to left, Young to third, Drew to second. Young scored, Drew to third, Byrnes to second on wild pitch by Sanchez. Jackson flied out to left. Upton singled to center, Drew scored, Byrnes to third. Reynolds walked, Upton to second. Schoeneweis pitching for Mets. Ojeda doubled to deep right, Byrnes and Upton scored, Reynolds to third. Snyder hit sacrifice fly to center, Reynolds scored, Ojeda to third. Owings hit for Pena. Owings struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Delgado flied out to center. Easley singled to right center. Casanova struck out swinging. Chavez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 4 - Diamondbacks 10.	MLB-best Webb 7-0 as D-backs stop Mets