Mets - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Reyes walked. Castillo grounded out to second, Reyes to second. Reyes stole third, Reyes scored on throwing error by catcher Mathis. Wright struck out looking. Beltran homered to center. Delgado struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 1st. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Figgins doubled to left. Izturis reached on infield single to pitcher, Figgins to third. Anderson hit sacrifice fly to left, Figgins scored, Izturis out at second. Guerrero grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Anderson doubled to deep right. Nixon flied out to right. Schneider singled to right, Anderson scored. Chavez flied out to right. Reyes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Hunter grounded out to second. Kotchman grounded out to third. Kendrick grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Castillo grounded out to second. Wright popped out to second. Beltran homered to center. Delgado grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Matthews grounded out to shortstop. Mathis flied out to left. Figgins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Anderson doubled to deep center. Nixon flied out to right. Schneider grounded out to second, Anderson to third. Chavez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Izturis singled to right center. Anderson flied out to right. Guerrero singled to right, Izturis to third. Hunter singled to center, Izturis scored, Guerrero to third. Kotchman grounded into fielder's choice to first, Guerrero out at third, Hunter to second. Kendrick singled to center, Hunter scored, Kotchman to third, Kotchman thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Reyes fouled out to left. Castillo singled to center. Wright struck out swinging. Beltran popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Matthews grounded out to pitcher. Mathis grounded out to third. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Delgado flied out to center. Anderson flied out to right. Nixon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Izturis walked. Anderson grounded out to first, Izturis to second. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop, Izturis to third. Hunter hit by pitch. Kotchman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Schneider flied out to right. Chavez singled to left. Reyes doubled to deep right, Chavez to third. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Castillo singled to left, Chavez and Reyes scored. Wright doubled to deep left center, Castillo scored. Beltran safe at second on error by first baseman Kotchman, Wright scored. Delgado struck out swinging. Beltran stole third. Anderson flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 7th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Kendrick singled to right. Matthews walked, Kendrick to second. Mathis singled to left, Kendrick scored, Matthews to second. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Figgins singled to center, Matthews scored, Mathis to second. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Figgins out at second, Mathis to third. Anderson singled to center, Mathis scored, Izturis to third. Heilman pitching for Mets. Guerrero struck out swinging. Hunter struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Nixon grounded out to second. Schneider struck out looking. Chavez lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Sanchez pitching for Mets. Kotchman flied out to right. Kendrick grounded out to third. Matthews grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Reyes doubled to right center. Castillo sacrificed to catcher, Reyes to third. Speier pitching for Angels. Wright hit sacrifice fly to right, Reyes scored. Beltran grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Wagner pitching for Mets. Mathis flied out to center. Figgins walked. Izturis singled to center, Figgins to second. Anderson lined into double play, to shortstop, Figgins doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 9 - Angels 6.	Mets win over Angels not enough to save Randolph