Mets - Top 1st. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Reyes grounded out to second. Church walked. Church to second on passed ball by Nieves. Wright struck out swinging. Beltran flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Mets. Harris walked. Guzman singled to right, Harris to third. Zimmerman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Harris scored, Guzman out at second. Milledge singled to right center. Milledge stole second. Dukes flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Delgado struck out swinging. Tatis lined out to left. Castillo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Mets. Boone popped out to first. Hernandez grounded out to first. Nieves singled to center. Lannan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Schneider doubled to deep center. Martinez sacrificed to pitcher, Schneider to third. Reyes grounded out to shortstop, Schneider scored. Church lined out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Mets. Harris grounded out to first. Guzman reached on infield single to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Guzman caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Wright struck out swinging. Beltran walked. Delgado struck out swinging. Tatis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltran out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Mets. Milledge doubled to deep right center. Dukes struck out swinging. Boone singled to center, Milledge scored, Boone out stretching at second. Hernandez walked. Nieves flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Castillo walked. Schneider grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Castillo out at second. Martinez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Mets. Lannan struck out swinging. Harris popped out to shortstop. Guzman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Reyes grounded out to third. Church struck out swinging. Wright flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Mets. Zimmerman singled to center. Milledge flied out to center. Dukes walked, Zimmerman to second. Boone grounded out to pitcher, Zimmerman to third, Dukes to second. Hernandez singled to right, Zimmerman and Dukes scored, Hernandez to second advancing on throw. Nieves intentionally walked. Lannan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hernandez out at third, Nieves to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Beltran grounded out to shortstop. Delgado grounded out to first. Tatis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Rincon pitching for Mets. Harris popped out to second. Guzman struck out looking. Sanchez pitching for Mets. Zimmerman walked. Milledge singled to right, Zimmerman to second. Zimmerman to third, Milledge to second on wild pitch by Sanchez. Dukes homered to left, Zimmerman and Milledge scored. Boone grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Mock pitching for Nationals. Castillo doubled to center. Schneider grounded out to first, Castillo to third. Murphy hit for Sanchez. Murphy walked. Reyes singled to center, Castillo scored, Murphy to second. Hinckley pitching for Nationals. Church singled to right, Murphy to third, Reyes to second. Wright grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Church out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Castro catching. Parnell pitching for Mets. Hernandez grounded out to second. Nieves grounded out to second. Orr hit for Hinckley. Orr popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Colome pitching for Nationals. Beltran flied out to left. Delgado flied out to center. Tatis doubled to deep left. Castillo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 2 - Nationals 7.	Mets' lead in East shrinks with loss against Nats