Giants - Top 1st. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Blanco grounded out to second. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. Sandoval flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Sappelt singled to center. Castro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sappelt out at second. Rizzo popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Posey grounded out to second. Pence singled to left. Belt flied out to left. Torres struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Soriano singled to right, Soriano to second on throwing error by right fielder Pence. Hairston hit by pitch. Soriano stole third, Hairston stole second. Castillo struck out swinging. Lillibridge struck out swinging. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Samardzija grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 3rd. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Crawford struck out swinging. Bumgarner walked. Bumgarner out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Blanco singles on bunt ground ball to first baseman Rizzo. Scutaro singled to center, Blanco to second. Sandoval grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Sappelt struck out swinging. Castro flied out to right. Rizzo popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Posey struck out looking. Pence struck out swinging. Belt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Soriano singled to center. Hairston grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Soriano out at second. Castillo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hairston out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Torres doubled to deep center. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Bumgarner flied out to center. Blanco singled to right, Torres scored, Blanco thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Lillibridge flied out to left. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Samardzija struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Scutaro singled to center. Scutaro to second on wild pitch by Samardzija. Sandoval singled to right center, Scutaro scored. Posey hit by pitch, Sandoval to second. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Posey out at second, Sandoval to third. Belt popped out to third. Torres struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Sappelt fouled out to catcher. Castro struck out swinging. Rizzo walked. Soriano singled to left center, Rizzo to third. Hairston flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Bowden pitching for Cubs. Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop. Bumgarner sacrificed into fielder's choice to first, Crawford to second. Blanco bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Crawford out at third, Bumgarner to second. Scutaro singled to right, Bumgarner scored, Blanco to third. Sandoval grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Scutaro out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Castillo struck out looking. Lillibridge lined out to center. Gonzalez singled to right. Navarro hit for Bowden. Navarro homered to left center (395 feet), Gonzalez scored. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Sappelt flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Marmol pitching for Cubs. Posey walked. Pence popped out to third. Belt grounded into fielder's choice to first, Posey out at second. Torres struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Castro singled to center. Rizzo walked, Castro to second. Blanco in left field. Casilla pitching for Giants. Pagan in center field. Soriano grounded out to third, Castro to third, Rizzo to second. Schierholtz hit for Hairston. Schierholtz intentionally walked. Castillo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schierholtz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Schierholtz in right field. Russell pitching for Cubs. Crawford popped out to catcher. Pagan popped out to first. Blanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Valbuena hit for Lillibridge. Casilla pitching for Giants. Valbuena fouled out to third. DeJesus hit for Gonzalez. DeJesus struck out swinging. Clevenger hit for Russell. Clevenger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 3 - Cubs 2.	Bumgarner, Scutaro help Giants edge Cubs