Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Parra homered to right (402 feet). Gregorius flied out to center. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Montero reached on infield single to first. Prado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Montero out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. DeJesus doubled to deep left. Castro hit by pitch. Rizzo walked, DeJesus to third, Castro to second. Soriano hit sacrifice fly to center, DeJesus scored. Schierholtz doubled to right, Castro scored, Rizzo to third. Castillo grounded out to shortstop, Rizzo scored. Valbuena flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Kubel struck out swinging. Pollock reached on infield single to second. Bloomquist singled to center, Pollock to second. Kennedy sacrificed to third, Pollock to third, Bloomquist to second. Parra walked. Gregorius struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Barney struck out swinging. Samardzija struck out looking. DeJesus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Montero struck out swinging. Prado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Castro grounded out to first. Rizzo flied out to center. Soriano popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Kubel struck out looking. Pollock struck out swinging. Bloomquist flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Schierholtz struck out swinging. Castillo grounded out to second. Valbuena flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Kennedy singled to left. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kennedy out at second. Gregorius doubled to right, Parra to third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Montero walked. Prado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Barney fouled out to first. Samardzija fouled out to first. DeJesus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Kubel flied out to left. Pollock flied out to center. Bloomquist singled to left center. Kennedy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Castro struck out swinging. Rizzo grounded out to first. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Parra walked. Gregorius grounded into fielder's choice to second, Parra out at second. Goldschmidt walked, Gregorius to second. Russell pitching for Cubs. Montero flied out to center. Prado walked, Gregorius to third, Goldschmidt to second. Kubel doubled to deep left center, Gregorius, Goldschmidt and Prado scored. Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Pollock flied out to center. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Schierholtz homered to right (411 feet). Castillo struck out swinging. Valbuena struck out swinging. Barney flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Marmol pitching for Cubs. Bloomquist walked. Hinske hit for Kennedy. Hinske flied out to right. Parra hit ground rule double to deep center, Bloomquist to third. Gregorius walked. Goldschmidt homered to center (442 feet), Bloomquist, Parra and Gregorius scored. Montero walked. Parker pitching for Cubs. Prado flied out to right. Kubel singled to left, Montero to second. Pollock flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Borbon hit for Parker. Borbon popped out to third. DeJesus struck out looking. Castro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Putnam pitching for Cubs. Bloomquist singled to left. Pennington hit for Hernandez. Pennington doubled to right, Bloomquist scored, Pennington to third advancing on throw. Parra hit sacrifice fly to left, Pennington scored. Gregorius singled to center. Goldschmidt singled to center, Gregorius to second. Montero singled to left, Gregorius to third, Goldschmidt to second. Prado singled to center, Gregorius scored, Goldschmidt to third, Montero to second. Kubel grounded into fielder's choice to second, Goldschmidt scored, Prado out at second, Montero to third. Pollock struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks. Rizzo flied out to left. Soriano struck out swinging. Schierholtz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 12 - Cubs 4.	Goldschmidt's slam powers D-backs' rally