Cubs - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Valbuena grounded out to first. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Schierholtz popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Carpenter singled to left. Beltran walked, Carpenter to second. Holliday flied out to center. Craig singled to left, Carpenter scored, Beltran to second. Molina fouled out to first. Jay grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. Rizzo singled to center. Sweeney safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Carpenter, Rizzo to third. Castillo walked. Barney hit sacrifice fly to center, Rizzo scored, Sweeney to third, Castillo to second on missed catch error by catcher Molina. Jackson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Descalso flied out to left. Kozma grounded out to shortstop. Westbrook walked. Carpenter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Valbuena singled to center. Valbuena caught stealing second, catcher to second. Castro grounded out to first. Schierholtz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Beltran singled to center. Holliday grounded into double play, second to first, Beltran out at second. Craig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Soriano struck out swinging. Rizzo hit by pitch. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop, Rizzo to second. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Molina grounded out to third. Jay grounded out to third. Descalso grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Barney flied out to center. Jackson walked. Valbuena grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Kozma flied out to center. Westbrook grounded out to first. Carpenter singled to left. Carpenter to second on wild pitch by Jackson. Beltran grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Schierholtz walked. Soriano grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schierholtz out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Holliday singled to right. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Holliday out at second. Molina homered to left (387 feet), Craig scored. Jay hit by pitch. Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Descalso singled to right, Jay to third. Kozma singled to left center, Jay scored, Descalso to second. Westbrook sacrificed to pitcher, Descalso to third, Kozma to second. Carpenter grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Rizzo grounded out to second. Sweeney grounded out to second. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Camp pitching for Cubs. Beltran grounded out to first. Holliday singled to left. Craig grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Barney walked. Borbon hit for Camp. Borbon popped out to second. Valbuena struck out looking. Barney to second on passed ball by Molina. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Parker pitching for Cubs. Molina flied out to center. Jay struck out looking. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Robinson in left field. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Schierholtz flied out to left. Soriano popped out to shortstop. Rizzo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 1 - Cardinals 4.	Westbrook quiets Cubs as Cardinals coast