Cardinals - Top 1st. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Carpenter grounded out to second. Jay grounded out to first. Holliday flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. DeJesus walked. Lake walked, DeJesus to second. Rizzo walked, DeJesus to third, Lake to second. Schierholtz singled to center, DeJesus and Lake scored, Rizzo to second. Castillo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Schierholtz out at second, Rizzo to third. Murphy singled to left, Rizzo scored. Castro grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Craig hit by pitch. Beltran reached on infield single to pitcher, Craig to second. Wong grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beltran out at second, Craig to third. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Barney grounded out to shortstop. Arrieta struck out looking. DeJesus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Descalso struck out swinging. Westbrook struck out swinging. Carpenter grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Lake struck out looking. Rizzo flied out to center. Schierholtz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Jay struck out looking. Holliday flied out to right. Craig struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Castillo singled to left. Murphy singled to right center, Castillo to second. Castro grounded into double play, third to second to first, Murphy out at second, Castillo to third. Barney intentionally walked. Arrieta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Barney out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Beltran flied out to left. Wong struck out looking. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. DeJesus singled to left. Lake grounded into fielder's choice to third, DeJesus out at second. Rizzo singled to shallow right, Lake to third. Schierholtz hit sacrifice fly to left, Lake scored. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rizzo out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Descalso flied out to center. Westbrook walked. Carpenter walked, Westbrook to second. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to first, Carpenter out at second, Westbrook to third. Holliday struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Murphy hit by pitch. Castro flied out to left. Barney doubled to deep left center, Murphy scored, Barney to third on throwing error by shortstop Descalso. Arrieta sacrificed to third, Barney scored. DeJesus grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Craig struck out looking. Beltran hit ground rule double to deep center. Wong grounded out to first, Beltran to third. Johnson lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Lake flied out to left. Rizzo walked. Schierholtz flied out to right. Castillo singled to left, Rizzo to second. Carpenter at second base. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Freese at third base. Rizzo to third, Castillo to second on wild pitch by Freeman. Castillo to third on wild pitch by Freeman. Murphy walked. Castro struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Russell pitching for Cubs. Descalso grounded out to pitcher. Freese struck out swinging. Carpenter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Barney singled to left. McDonald hit for Russell. McDonald grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Barney out at second. DeJesus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Parker pitching for Cubs. Jay popped out to shortstop. Holliday popped out to shortstop. Craig walked. Beltran flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 0 - Cubs 7.	Arrieta, Schierholtz lift Cubs past Cardinals