Cubs - Top 1st. Volquez pitching for Padres. Castro safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Headley. Rizzo singled to left center, Castro to second. Navarro singled to center, Castro scored, Rizzo to second. Schierholtz homered to right (363 feet), Rizzo and Navarro scored. Lake reached on infield single to shortstop. Murphy hit by pitch, Lake to second. Bogusevic tripled to deep right center, Lake and Murphy scored. Barney walked. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bogusevic out at home, Barney to second. Castro fouled out to right, Barney to third. Rizzo walked, Jackson to second. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Navarro grounded out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 1st. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Venable struck out swinging. Denorfia grounded out to shortstop. Alonso grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Schierholtz struck out swinging. Lake grounded out to shortstop. Murphy hit by pitch. Bogusevic lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Gyorko singled to left. Headley grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Gyorko out at second. Amarista flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Barney grounded out to shortstop. Jackson walked. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jackson out at second. Rizzo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Forsythe lined out to center. Hundley lined out to right. Stauffer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Navarro grounded out to second. Schierholtz struck out swinging. Lake struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Venable singled to center. Denorfia flied out to right. Alonso reached on infield single to shortstop, Venable to second. Gyorko homered to center (402 feet), Venable and Alonso scored. Headley reached on infield single to first. Amarista lined into double play, third to first, Headley doubled off first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Bogusevic lined out to third. Barney singled to left. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Forsythe safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Murphy. Hundley singled to right, Forsythe to second. Kotsay hit for Stauffer. Kotsay grounded out to third, Forsythe to third, Hundley to second. Venable tripled to deep right center, Forsythe and Hundley scored. Denorfia grounded out to first. Alonso flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 6th. Thayer pitching for Padres. Castro singled to right. Rizzo struck out looking. Navarro reached on infield single to third, Castro to second. Schierholtz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Navarro out at second, Castro to third. Schierholtz caught stealing second, pitcher to third to second to first. Lake batting. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Gyorko struck out looking. Headley doubled to deep left center. Amarista popped out to shortstop. Forsythe tripled to deep right center, Headley scored. Hundley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Vincent pitching for Padres. Lake reached on bunt single to pitcher. Murphy flied out to center, Lake to second. Bogusevic struck out swinging. Barney fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Cedeno hit for Vincent. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Cedeno reached on infield single to third. Russell pitching for Cubs. Cedeno caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Venable homered to right (432 feet). Denorfia flied out to center. Alonso flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Watkins hit for Russell. Watkins struck out looking. Castro grounded out to second. Rizzo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Parker pitching for Cubs. Gyorko homered to right (388 feet). Headley struck out swinging. Amarista struck out swinging. Forsythe singled to left. Hundley flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Street pitching for Padres. Navarro flied out to right. Schierholtz struck out swinging. Lake singled to left. Lake to second on fielder's indifference. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 6 - Padres 8.	Venable clutch as Padres rally past Cubs