Cubs - Top 1st. Haynes pitching for Reds. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to shallow right center. Sosa struck out looking. Gonzalez caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Larkin grounded out to second. Boone grounded out to shortstop. Griffey Jr grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Haynes pitching for Reds. Alou singled to left. Choi singled to right, Alou to second. Patterson walked, Alou to third, Choi to second. Bellhorn walked, Alou scored, Choi to third, Patterson to second. Bako singled to right, Choi scored, Patterson to third, Bellhorn to second. Zambrano struck out swinging. Grudzielanek grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bako out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Kearns walked. Casey walked, Kearns to second. Dunn struck out swinging. Lopez safe at first on error by shortstop Gonzalez, Kearns to third, Casey to second. LaRue struck out swinging. Haynes singled to center, Kearns and Casey scored, Lopez to second. Larkin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Haynes out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Haynes pitching for Reds. Gonzalez walked. Sosa walked, Gonzalez to second. Alou grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sosa out at second, Gonzalez to third. Choi grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gonzalez scored, Alou out at second. Patterson singled to center, Choi to third, Patterson to second advancing on play. Bellhorn walked. Bako reached on infield single to first, Choi and Patterson scored, Bellhorn to second. Zambrano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bellhorn out at third. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Boone grounded out to second. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Haynes pitching for Reds. Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez doubled to left, Gonzalez to second. Sosa flied out to left center. Alou flied out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Casey struck out swinging. Dunn homered to right. Lopez struck out swinging. LaRue struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Mercker pitching for Reds. Choi walked. Patterson struck out swinging. Bellhorn flied out to right. Bako flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Pena hit for Mercker. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Pena struck out looking. Larkin struck out looking. Riedling pitching for Reds. Boone fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Riedling pitching for Reds. Zambrano struck out swinging. Grudzielanek singled to left. Grudzielanek to second on wild pitch by Riedling. Gonzalez singled to center, Grudzielanek scored. Sosa walked, Gonzalez to second. Alou flied out to center. Heredia pitching for Reds. Karros hit for Choi. Gonzalez to third, Sosa to second on passed ball by LaRue. Karros walked. Karros at first base. Patterson popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Griffey Jr doubled to left center. Kearns struck out swinging. Casey lined out to third. Guthrie pitching for Cubs. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Heredia pitching for Reds. Bellhorn flied out to left. Bako reached on bunt single to first. O'Leary hit for Guthrie. O'Leary flied out to left center. Grudzielanek singled to left, Bako to second. Farnsworth pitching for Cubs. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bako out at third, Grudzielanek to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Farnsworth pitching for Cubs. Lopez grounded out to second. LaRue walked. Taylor hit for Heredia. Taylor struck out swinging. Larkin singled to right, LaRue to second. Boone doubled to deep left, Larkin and LaRue scored. Remlinger pitching for Cubs. Manzanillo pitching for Reds. Griffey Jr fouled out to shallow left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Manzanillo pitching for Reds. Sosa singled to center. Alou grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sosa out at second. Alou stole second. Karros walked. Patterson safe at first on error by shortstop Larkin, Alou to third, Karros to second. Bellhorn struck out swinging. Bako tripled to deep left center, Alou, Karros and Patterson scored. Mateo in center field. Remlinger struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Remlinger pitching for Cubs. Kearns struck out swinging. Casey singled to right. Dunn homered to right, Casey scored. Lopez walked. LaRue walked, Lopez to second. Larson hit for Manzanillo. Anderson pitching for Reds. Larson grounded into double play, third to second to first, LaRue out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Anderson pitching for Reds. Grudzielanek grounded out to second. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Sosa intentionally walked. Alou grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sosa out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 9th. Borowski pitching for Cubs. Goodwin in left field. Larkin fouled out to catcher. Boone struck out swinging. Mateo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 9 - Reds 7.	Reds lose Junior, then fall to Cubs