Cubs - Top 1st. Robertson pitching for Astros. Lofton hit by pitch. Lofton picked off first. Gonzalez singled to center. Sosa flied out to deep center, Gonzalez to second. Alou intentionally walked. Ramirez homered to left, Gonzalez and Alou scored. Karros lined out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Clement pitching for Cubs. Biggio popped out to first. Berkman reached on infield single to third. Bagwell singled to left center, Berkman to third, Bagwell to second advancing on throw. Kent singled to left, Berkman scored, Bagwell to third. Bagwell scored, Kent to second on wild pitch by Clement. Hidalgo walked. Blum doubled to right center, Kent and Hidalgo scored. Zaun struck out swinging. Everett popped out to catcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Robertson pitching for Astros. Martinez singled to left. Miller grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martinez out at second. Clement struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Clement pitching for Cubs. Robertson struck out swinging. Biggio grounded out to third. Berkman singled to right center. Bagwell walked, Berkman to second. Kent grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bagwell out at second, Berkman to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Robertson pitching for Astros. Lofton reached on infield single to second. Gonzalez grounded out to third, Lofton to second. Sosa grounded out to shortstop, Lofton to third. Alou homered to left, Lofton scored. Ramirez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Clement pitching for Cubs. Hidalgo lined out to shortstop. Blum doubled to left center. Zaun singled to center, Blum scored, Zaun to second advancing on throw. Everett flied out to shallow center. Lane hit for Robertson. Miceli pitching for Astros. Lane flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Miceli pitching for Astros. Karros flied out to right. Martinez safe at first on error by first baseman Bagwell. Miller grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 4th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Biggio grounded out to shortstop. Berkman walked. Bagwell walked, Berkman to second. Kent homered to left, Berkman and Bagwell scored. Hidalgo grounded out to shortstop. Blum struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Goodwin hit for Clement. Miceli pitching for Astros. Goodwin doubled to right center. Lofton sacrificed to catcher, Goodwin to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Veres pitching for Cubs. Sosa lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Veres pitching for Cubs. Zaun grounded out to shortstop. Everett singled to right. Bruntlett hit for Miceli. Bruntlett singled to left, Everett to second. White pitching for Astros. Biggio grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bruntlett out at second, Everett to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. White pitching for Astros. Alou struck out looking. Ramirez singled to left. Karros grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Veres pitching for Cubs. Berkman doubled to left center. Berkman to third on wild pitch by Veres. Bagwell walked. Kent doubled to left center, Berkman and Bagwell scored. Farnsworth pitching for Cubs. Simon at first base. Hidalgo doubled to left, Kent scored. Blum struck out swinging. Zaun singled to right, Hidalgo to third. Everett singled to center, Hidalgo scored, Zaun to second. Merced hit for White. Merced grounded out to first, Zaun to third, Everett to second. Lidge pitching for Astros. Biggio struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Lidge pitching for Astros. Martinez singled to right. Miller struck out swinging. Simon doubled to right, Martinez scored. Lofton grounded out to pitcher, Simon to third. Gonzalez homered to left, Simon scored. Sosa grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Alfonseca pitching for Cubs. Womack at second base. Berkman struck out swinging. Bagwell flied out to center. Kent struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Dotel pitching for Astros. Alou flied out to right. Ramirez walked. Womack grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ramirez out at second. Martinez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Alfonseca pitching for Cubs. Hidalgo struck out swinging. Blum grounded out to second. Zaun grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Wagner pitching for Astros. Miller walked. Simon singled to right, Miller to second. Lofton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Simon out at second, Miller to third. Glanville hit for Alfonseca. Lofton to second on fielder's indifference. Glanville struck out swinging. Sosa flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 8 - Astros 12.	Astros win slugfest with Cubs, keep Central lead