Cubs - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Lofton flied out to left. Womack singled to left. Alou struck out swinging. Sosa intentionally walked. Simon reached on infield single to second, Womack thrown out at home, Sosa to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Estes pitching for Cubs. Kata lined out to second. Cintron singled to center. Gonzalez struck out looking. Mondesi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez popped out to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Bako grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Estes pitching for Cubs. Spivey grounded out to pitcher. Hillenbrand lined out to second. Hammock reached on infield single to shortstop. Bautista walked, Hammock to second. Batista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Estes walked. Lofton flied out to right. Womack grounded into fielder's choice to second, Estes out at second. Alou grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Estes pitching for Cubs. Kata grounded out to second. Cintron singled to left. Gonzalez flied out to deep right center. Cintron to second on wild pitch by Estes, Cintron scored on error by center fielder Lofton. Mondesi flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Sosa grounded out to third. Simon grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Estes pitching for Cubs. Spivey doubled to left. Hillenbrand singled to left, Spivey to third. Hammock doubled to deep left center, Spivey and Hillenbrand scored. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hammock out at third, Bautista to second advancing on play. Batista struck out swinging. Kata doubled to left, Bautista scored. Cintron grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Bako walked. Estes sacrificed to pitcher, Bako to second. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Estes pitching for Cubs. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Mondesi singled to left. Spivey doubled to deep center, Mondesi scored. Hillenbrand walked. Alfonseca pitching for Cubs. Hammock doubled to left center, Spivey and Hillenbrand scored. Bautista singled to center, Hammock scored. Batista struck out swinging, Bautista to third on throwing error by catcher Bako. Kata tripled to right center, Bautista scored. Cintron singled to center, Kata scored. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Womack safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Spivey. Martinez ran for Womack. Goodwin hit for Alou. Goodwin singled to right, Martinez to third. O'Leary hit for Sosa. O'Leary grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez scored, Goodwin out at second. Simon walked. Ramirez singled to left, Simon to second. Gonzalez doubled to left, Simon scored, Ramirez to third. Martinez at second base. Goodwin in right field. O'Leary in left field. Glanville in center field. Bako grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Alfonseca pitching for Cubs. Mondesi reached on infield single to third. Spivey struck out swinging. Hillenbrand grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mondesi out at second. Hammock walked, Hillenbrand to second. Bautista homered to left, Hillenbrand and Hammock scored. Baerga hit for Batista. Baerga at first base. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken in left field. Miller hit for Alfonseca. Baerga flied out to shallow left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Miller doubled to deep center. Glanville popped out to shortstop. Martinez lined out to right. Miller catching. Guthrie pitching for Cubs. Goodwin grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Guthrie pitching for Cubs. Kata flied out to center. Cintron walked. McCracken struck out swinging. Mondesi walked, Cintron to second. Spivey flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. O'Leary struck out swinging. Simon popped out to third. Ramirez lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Remlinger pitching for Cubs. Moeller hit for Randolph. Moeller struck out swinging. Hammock walked. Bautista struck out looking. Baerga singled to center, Hammock to second. Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks. Kata struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Karros hit for Remlinger. Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez lined out to shortstop. Karros singled to left. Miller grounded into fielder's choice to third, Karros out at second. Glanville safe at first on error by third baseman Kata, Miller to second. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 2 - Diamondbacks 13.	Arizona 13, Chicago 2