Cubs - Top 1st. Torres pitching for Pirates. Goodwin doubled to right. Womack struck out swinging. Sosa singled to center, Goodwin scored. O'Leary grounded into fielder's choice to first, Sosa out at second. Karros singled to left, O'Leary to second. Ramirez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Cruz pitching for Cubs. Redman reached on infield single to pitcher. Wilson walked, Redman to second. Stairs fouled out to catcher. Wilson singled to right, Redman scored, Wilson to second. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Torres pitching for Pirates. Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop. Bako flied out to center. Cruz struck out swinging. Goodwin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Cruz pitching for Cubs. Rivera struck out swinging. Hernandez struck out looking. Torres tripled to deep left center. Redman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Torres pitching for Pirates. Womack grounded out to second. Sosa grounded out to third. O'Leary grounded out to pitcher. Stairs homered to center. Wilson struck out swinging. Mackowiak popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Karros struck out looking. Ramirez walked. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ramirez out at second. Bako doubled to right center, Martinez to third. Cruz reached on infield single to first, Martinez scored, Bako to third. Goodwin walked, Cruz to second. Womack grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Goodwin out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Cruz pitching for Cubs. Bay walked. Rivera struck out swinging. Hernandez singled to center, Bay to second. Torres sacrificed to pitcher, Bay to third, Hernandez to second. Redman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Sosa homered to right. O'Leary grounded out to second. Karros flied out to left. Ramirez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Cruz pitching for Cubs. Wilson singled to right. Stairs walked, Wilson to second. Wilson singled to center, Wilson scored, Stairs to second. Veres pitching for Cubs. Mackowiak singled to left, Stairs scored, Wilson to second. Bay struck out swinging. Rivera doubled to deep right center, Wilson scored, Mackowiak to third. Nunez hit for Torres. Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to center, Mackowiak scored, Rivera to third. Boehringer pitching for Pirates. Nunez grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Boehringer pitching for Pirates. Martinez flied out to right. Glanville hit for Veres. Bako grounded out to first. Glanville singled to shallow left. Estes pitching for Cubs. Goodwin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Estes pitching for Cubs. Redman walked. Wilson sacrificed to catcher, Redman to second. Stairs grounded out to first, Redman to third. Wilson intentionally walked. Alfonseca pitching for Cubs. Mackowiak singled to center, Redman scored, Wilson to second. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Reboulet at second base. Grudzielanek hit for Womack. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mackowiak out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Grudzielanek flied out to center. Alou hit for O'Leary. Sosa walked. Alou grounded out to pitcher, Sosa to second. Karros singled to center, Sosa scored. Grudzielanek at second base. Alou in left field. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Karros out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Alfonseca pitching for Cubs. Rivera singled to left. Hernandez bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rivera out at second. Reboulet singled to center, Hernandez to second. Redman singled to center, Hernandez to third, Reboulet to second. Sanchez pitching for Cubs. Wilson singled to left, Hernandez and Reboulet scored, Redman to second. Corey pitching for Pirates. Wilson in right field. Kendall catching. Corey pitching for Pirates. Wilson in right field. Kendall catching. Stairs grounded into double play, second to first, Wilson out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Corey pitching for Pirates. Martinez singled to left. Simon hit for Sanchez. Bako doubled to deep right center, Martinez scored. Simon grounded out to second, Bako to third. Goodwin hit sacrifice fly to center, Bako scored. Wellemeyer pitching for Cubs. Grudzielanek popped out to catcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cubs. Wilson flied out to center. Kendall doubled to right. Bay struck out swinging. Rivera intentionally walked. Hernandez walked, Kendall to third, Rivera to second. Reboulet walked, Kendall scored, Rivera to third, Hernandez to second. Tavarez pitching for Pirates. Redman grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Tavarez pitching for Pirates. Sosa grounded out to second. Alou struck out swinging. Karros grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 6 - Pirates 10.	PITTSBURGH 10, CHICAGO CUBS 6 (2ND GAME)