Royals - Top 1st. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Aoki popped out to second. Escobar struck out swinging. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Brooks pitching for Royals. Reyes walked. Cabrera hit by pitch, Reyes to second. Bautista doubled to right center, Reyes scored, Cabrera to third. Encarnacion walked. Lind singled to right, Cabrera scored, Bautista to third, Encarnacion to second. Lawrie hit by pitch, Bautista scored, Encarnacion to third, Lind to second. Francisco hit ground rule double to deep center, Encarnacion and Lind scored, Lawrie to third. Navarro walked. Gose grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Lawrie out at home, Francisco to third, Navarro to second. Reyes singled to left, Francisco scored, Navarro to third. Cabrera singled to center, Navarro scored, Reyes to third. Mariot pitching for Royals. Bautista fouled out to catcher. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Butler struck out swinging. Gordon doubled to deep right. Valencia struck out looking. Hayes singled to left, Gordon scored. Dyson reached on infield single to pitcher, Hayes to second. Ciriaco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dyson out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Mariot pitching for Royals. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lind hit ground rule double to deep left center. Lawrie singled to left, Lind scored. Francisco grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lawrie out at second. Navarro struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Aoki grounded out to shortstop. Escobar fouled out to catcher. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Mariot pitching for Royals. Gose grounded out to first. Reyes flied out to left. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Butler singled to shallow center. Gordon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Butler out at second. Valencia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Mariot pitching for Royals. Bautista singled to right center. Encarnacion singled to right, Bautista to second. Lind doubled to deep right center, Bautista scored, Encarnacion to third. Lawrie hit sacrifice fly to center, Encarnacion scored, Lind to third. Francisco singled to center, Lind scored. Navarro lined out to left. Gose grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Hayes struck out swinging. Dyson flied out to left. Ciriaco safe at first on error by first baseman Lind. Aoki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Collins pitching for Royals. Reyes flied out to center. Cabrera flied out to right. Pillar hit for Bautista. Pillar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Pillar in right field. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Escobar grounded out to third. Hosmer reached on infield single to pitcher. Butler lined out to right. Gordon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Collins pitching for Royals. Encarnacion struck out looking. Lind flied out to right. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Valencia safe at first on error by third baseman Francisco. Hayes struck out swinging. Dyson singled to center, Valencia to second. Ciriaco singled to left, Valencia to third, Dyson to second. Aoki hit by pitch, Valencia scored, Dyson to third, Ciriaco to second. Escobar struck out swinging. Hosmer popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Collins pitching for Royals. Francisco hit by pitch. Navarro singled to left, Francisco to second. Gose struck out looking. Reyes lined out to center. Cabrera fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Tolleson at shortstop. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Butler singled to right. Gordon walked, Butler to second. Valencia struck out looking. Hayes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Pillar fouled out to right. Encarnacion walked. Lind grounded into fielder's choice to second, Encarnacion out at second. Lawrie singled to left, Lind to second. Francisco doubled to right, Lind scored, Lawrie to third. Navarro lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Dyson grounded out to second. Ciriaco reached on infield single to shortstop. Aoki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ciriaco out at second. Escobar lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 2 - Blue Jays 12.	AL East-leading Blue Jays finish May at 21-9