Blue Jays - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Reyes popped out to second. Cabrera homered to right (374 feet). Bautista lined out to right. Lind fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Davis struck out swinging. Kinsler popped out to second. Cabrera homered to left (405 feet). Martinez walked. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Encarnacion singled to center. Francisco grounded into double play, second to first, Encarnacion out at second. Lawrie singled to left. Thole grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson struck out swinging. Avila singled to right. Castellanos flied out to center. Romine singled to left, Avila to second. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Gose struck out looking. Reyes bunt grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler homered to left (374 feet). Cabrera struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to first. Hunter lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop. Lind grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bautista out at second. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson lined out to right. Avila flied out to right. Castellanos singled to left. Castellanos stole second. Romine walked. Davis singled to left, Castellanos to third, Romine to second. Kinsler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Francisco struck out looking. Lawrie grounded out to first. Thole grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera flied out to center. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. Hunter lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Gose flied out to center. Reyes flied out to center. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Bautista walked. Lind doubled to deep center, Cabrera and Bautista scored. Encarnacion lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson walked. Avila singled to center, Jackson to second. Castellanos walked, Jackson to third, Avila to second. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Martinez hit for Romine. Martinez struck out swinging. Davis fouled out to catcher. Kinsler fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Suarez at shortstop. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Francisco flied out to left. Lawrie flied out to center. Thole grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera walked. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. Hunter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Reed pitching for Tigers. Gose struck out looking. Reyes singled to center. Cabrera singled to left, Reyes scored, Cabrera to second advancing on throw. Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop, Cabrera to third. Lind doubled to deep right, Cabrera scored, Bautista to third. Encarnacion intentionally walked. Coke pitching for Tigers. Tolleson hit for Francisco. Tolleson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bautista scored, Encarnacion out at second, Lind to third. Lawrie fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Tolleson at second base. Lawrie at third base. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Kratz catching. Jackson struck out looking. Avila hit by pitch. Castellanos safe at first on error by first baseman Encarnacion, Avila to second. Suarez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Avila out at third, Castellanos to second, Castellanos to third, Suarez to second on throwing error by third baseman Lawrie. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Knebel pitching for Tigers. Kratz singled to left. Gose singled to left, Kratz to second. Reyes grounded out to first, Kratz to third, Gose to second. Cabrera grounded out to first. Bautista doubled to left, Kratz and Gose scored. Lind struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Lind at first base. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to third. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 8 - Tigers 2.	Cabrera, Lind lead surging Jays past Tigers