Cardinals - Top 1st. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Carpenter walked. Taveras flied out to center. Holliday hit ground rule double to right, Carpenter to third. Craig singled to shallow right, Carpenter scored, Holliday thrown out at home, Craig to second advancing on throw. Molina grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Reyes walked. Cabrera singled to left center, Reyes to second. Bautista fouled out to catcher. Lind walked, Reyes to third, Cabrera to second. Encarnacion popped out to shortstop. Francisco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Jay flied out to left. Peralta singled to shallow right. Descalso singled to shallow left, Peralta to second. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Descalso out at second, Peralta to third. Carpenter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Lawrie struck out swinging. Navarro struck out swinging. Gose tripled to deep left center. Reyes walked. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Taveras grounded out to second. Holliday hit by pitch. Craig singled to shallow right, Holliday to second. Molina struck out swinging. Jay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Bautista homered to left (367 feet). Lind struck out looking. Encarnacion singled to left. Francisco struck out swinging. Lawrie lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Peralta grounded out to third. Descalso struck out swinging. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Navarro grounded out to first. Gose safe at first on error by second baseman Descalso. Reyes singled to center, Gose to second. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. Bautista walked, Gose to third, Reyes to second. Lind grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Carpenter flied out to left. Taveras grounded out to second. Holliday walked. Holliday stole second. Craig struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Francisco struck out swinging. Lawrie homered to center (422 feet). Navarro grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Molina struck out swinging. Jay singled to center. Jay to second on wild pitch by Stroman. Peralta struck out swinging. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Gose singled to center. Reyes singled to shallow center, Gose to second. Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Carpenter, Gose to third, Reyes to second. Bautista lined into triple play, second to shortstop to first, Reyes out at second, Cabrera out at first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Carpenter walked, Cruz to second. Taveras flied out to left. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to second, Carpenter out at second, Cruz to third. Craig grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Lind walked. Encarnacion grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lind out at second. Tolleson hit for Francisco. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Tolleson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Tolleson at second base. Lawrie at third base. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Molina popped out to shortstop. Jay grounded out to shortstop. Peralta grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Lawrie singled to center. Navarro singled to shallow right, Lawrie to third. Pillar ran for Navarro. Gose struck out swinging. Reyes singled to shallow right, Lawrie scored, Pillar to third. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Reyes stole second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pillar out at home, Reyes to third. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Kratz catching. Pillar in left field. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Descalso struck out swinging. Cruz fouled out to right. Carpenter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 1 - Blue Jays 3.	Jays withstand Cards' triple play