Blue Jays - Top 1st. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Reyes singled to center. Cabrera grounded out to first, Reyes to second. Bautista doubled to deep right, Reyes scored. Encarnacion fouled out to third. Lawrie lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis grounded out to second. Machado grounded out to second. Jones lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Navarro doubled to deep left center. Kratz flied out to center. Tolleson flied out to right. Gose grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Cruz singled to left center. Pearce grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cruz out at second. Young struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Reyes flied out to right. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Bautista grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy doubled to deep right. Schoop reached on infield single to shortstop. Hundley flied out to center, Hardy to third, Schoop to second. Markakis struck out swinging. Machado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Encarnacion doubled to left. Lawrie flied out to right, Encarnacion to third. Navarro singled to left, Encarnacion scored. Kratz grounded out to third, Navarro to second. Tolleson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Jones grounded out to third. Cruz singled to center. Pearce grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cruz out at second. Young grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Gose singled to deep right. Reyes doubled to deep right, Gose to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left, Gose scored. Bautista grounded out to first, Reyes to third. Encarnacion grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy flied out to left. Schoop struck out swinging. Hundley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Lawrie lined out to center. Navarro popped out to shortstop. Kratz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis struck out swinging. Machado flied out to left. Jones doubled to right. Cruz singled to deep right center, Jones scored. Pearce flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Tolleson fouled out to first. Gose reached on bunt single to catcher. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gose out at second. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Young reached on infield single to third. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy struck out swinging. Schoop grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young out at second. Hundley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Bautista walked. Encarnacion hit ground rule double to deep left, Bautista to third. Lawrie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bautista out at home. Navarro doubled to right, Encarnacion scored, Lawrie to third. Kratz walked. Tolleson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lawrie scored, Kratz out at second, Navarro to third. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Gose grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis flied out to left. Machado grounded out to pitcher. Jones homered to left (372 feet). Cruz walked. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Pearce struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Reyes grounded out to first. Cabrera flied out to right. Bautista singled to left. Encarnacion singled to left, Bautista to second. Lawrie grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Young lined out to center. Hardy reached on bunt single to third. Schoop grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hardy out at second. Hundley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Orioles 2.	Happ handles O's as Jays pick up series split