Blue Jays - Top 1st. Gray pitching for Athletics. Reyes popped out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to second. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Jaso grounded out to second. Callaspo struck out looking. Cespedes lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Gray pitching for Athletics. Encarnacion singled to left. Lind doubled to left, Encarnacion to third. Francisco struck out swinging. Kawasaki walked. Gose grounded into fielder's choice to first, Encarnacion scored, Kawasaki out at second, Lind to third. Thole grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Moss walked. Lowrie lined out to right. Vogt doubled to deep left, Moss to third. Freiman doubled to right center, Moss scored, Vogt to third. Vogt scored, Freiman to third on passed ball by Thole. Sogard struck out swinging. Gentry lined out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Gray pitching for Athletics. Reyes struck out looking. Cabrera walked. Bautista grounded out to third, Cabrera to second. Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Gray. Encarnacion struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Jaso flied out to center. Callaspo flied out to center. Cespedes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Lind grounded out to second. Francisco grounded out to second. Kawasaki walked. Gose struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Moss flied out to right. Lowrie struck out swinging. Vogt lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Thole singled to left. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thole out at second. Cabrera grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Reyes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Freiman walked. Sogard singled to shallow right, Freiman to second. Gentry grounded into fielder's choice to third, Freiman out at third, Sogard to second. Jaso grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gentry out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Bautista singled to left. Encarnacion grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bautista out at second. Lind popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Callaspo fouled out to catcher. Cespedes flied out to center. Moss doubled to left. Lowrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Francisco struck out swinging. Kawasaki lined out to first. Gose lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Vogt flied out to left. Freiman struck out swinging. Sogard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Thole singled to center. Reyes flied into double play, right to first, Thole doubled off first. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Gentry singled to left. Jaso doubled to deep right, Gentry scored, Jaso to third on throwing error by second baseman Kawasaki. Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to left, Jaso scored. Cespedes grounded out to shortstop. Moss walked. Lowrie grounded into fielder's choice to second, Moss out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Bautista struck out swinging. Encarnacion flied out to left. Tolleson hit for Lind. Tolleson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 1 - Athletics 4.	A's win 4-1 after Blue Jays use odd replay for run