Rangers - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Robertson flied out to left. Andrus lined out to right. Beltre flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Tepesch pitching for Rangers. Reyes flied out to right. Kawasaki reached on infield single to shortstop. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. Bautista popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Gimenez walked. Gimenez caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Smolinski flied out to center. Soto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Tepesch pitching for Rangers. Navarro homered to right (401 feet). Rasmus grounded out to first. Johnson doubled to center. Tolleson hit by pitch. Gose singled to left, Johnson to third, Tolleson to second. Reyes singled to right, Johnson and Tolleson scored, Gose to third. Reyes stole second. Kawasaki lined into double play, to second, Reyes doubled off second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Martin singled to right. Rosales walked, Martin to second. Odor sacrificed to third, Martin to third, Rosales to second. Robertson singled to right, Martin and Rosales scored. Andrus safe at first on error by first baseman Johnson, Robertson to second. Beltre struck out swinging. Gimenez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Tepesch pitching for Rangers. Cabrera grounded out to second. Bautista walked. Navarro hit ground rule double to left, Bautista to third. Rasmus singled to center, Bautista scored, Navarro to third. Johnson popped out to third. Tolleson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rasmus out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Smolinski walked. Soto struck out swinging. Martin singled to left, Smolinski to second. Rosales flied out to left. Odor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Tepesch pitching for Rangers. Gose lined out to right. Reyes grounded out to second. Kawasaki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Robertson bunt popped out foul to catcher. Andrus doubled to left. Beltre flied out to right, Andrus to third. Gimenez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Tepesch pitching for Rangers. Cabrera singled to center. Bautista doubled to right, Cabrera to third. Navarro flied out to center. Rasmus walked. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Johnson hit sacrifice fly to right, Cabrera scored, Bautista to third. Rasmus stole second. Tolleson struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Smolinski struck out looking. Soto singled to center. Martin singled to second, Soto to second. Rosales lined out to left. Odor singled to right, Soto to third, Martin to second. Soto scored, Martin to third, Odor to second on balk by Buehrle. Robertson singled to center, Martin and Odor scored. Robertson caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Andrus batting. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Gose struck out swinging. Reyes grounded out to second. Kawasaki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Andrus flied out to center. Beltre flied out to center. Gimenez walked. Smolinski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Cabrera homered to right center (397 feet). Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Navarro flied out to left. Rasmus lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Soto doubled to deep right center. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Martin grounded out to second, Soto to third. Rosales struck out swinging. Odor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. West pitching for Rangers. Johnson singled to center. Tolleson fouled out to right. Gose singled to left, Johnson to second. Reyes singled to center, Johnson to third, Gose to second. Kawasaki singled to center, Johnson scored, Gose to third, Reyes to second. Cabrera singled to right, Gose and Reyes scored, Kawasaki to second. Bautista struck out swinging. Navarro grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Robertson lined out to right. Andrus singled to center. Beltre grounded out to third, Andrus to second. Gimenez singled to left, Andrus scored. Smolinski singled to left, Gimenez to second. Choo hit for Soto. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Arencibia hit for Choo. Arencibia popped out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - Blue Jays 9.	Cabrera leads Blue Jays to 9-6 win over Rangers