Orioles - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis singled to center. Machado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second. Jones singled to left. Young singled to center, Jones to second. Cruz walked, Jones to third, Young to second. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at third, Cruz to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Norris pitching for Orioles. Reyes lined out to left. Cabrera walked. Bautista struck out swinging. Navarro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Davis walked. Joseph lined out to first. Schoop reached on infield single to second, Davis to second. Markakis struck out looking. Machado flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Norris pitching for Orioles. Francisco flied out to center. Lawrie singled to right. Rasmus flied out to center. Kawasaki popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Jones flied out to right. Young walked. Cruz struck out swinging. Hardy doubled to deep right, Young scored. Davis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Norris pitching for Orioles. Gose struck out swinging. Reyes doubled to right. Cabrera flied out to center, Reyes to third. Bautista grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Valencia at third base. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Joseph homered to left (388 feet). Schoop homered to left (392 feet). Markakis singled to center. Machado singled to right, Markakis to second. Jones popped out to second. Markakis to third, Machado to second on wild pitch by Buehrle. Young reached on infield single to shortstop, Markakis scored, Machado to third. Cruz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Young out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Norris pitching for Orioles. Navarro singled to deep right. Navarro to second on passed ball by Joseph. Francisco struck out swinging. Valencia grounded out to pitcher, Navarro to third. Rasmus homered to right (390 feet), Navarro scored. Kawasaki singled to center. Gose struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy struck out swinging. Davis homered to right center (419 feet). Joseph struck out looking. Schoop struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Norris pitching for Orioles. Reyes walked. Cabrera reached on infield single to third, Reyes to second. Bautista grounded into double play, second to first, Cabrera out at second, Reyes to third. Navarro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis walked. Machado grounded into fielder's choice to third, Markakis out at second. Jones walked, Machado to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jones out at second, Machado to third. Cruz singled to left, Machado scored, Young to second. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at third, Cruz to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Norris pitching for Orioles. Francisco struck out swinging. Valencia singled to left. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Rasmus struck out swinging. Reimold hit for Kawasaki. Reimold struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Bautista in center field. Reimold in right field. Goins at second base. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Davis struck out looking. Joseph lined out to third. Schoop walked. Schoop stole second. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Goins singled to left. Reyes singled to center, Goins to second. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Cabrera singled to left, Goins to third, Reyes to second. Bautista hit sacrifice fly to right, Goins scored, Reyes to third. Navarro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Machado walked. Jones singled to left, Machado to second. Young walked, Machado to third, Jones to second. Cruz hit sacrifice fly to center, Machado scored, Jones to third, Young to second. Hardy singled to left, Jones scored, Young to third. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Davis hit sacrifice fly to third, Young scored, Hardy to second. Joseph lined out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Miller pitching for Orioles. Lough in left field. Francisco struck out swinging. Valencia walked. Rasmus struck out looking. Reimold walked, Valencia to second. Goins grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Schoop grounded out to third. Markakis flied out to center. Machado lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Reyes singled to center. Cabrera flied out to left. Bautista reached on infield single to pitcher, Reyes to second. Navarro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bautista out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 9 - Blue Jays 3.	Orioles crank 3 homers in rout of Blue Jays