Blue Jays - Top 1st. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Reyes singled to right. Cabrera fouled out to third. Bautista walked, Reyes to second. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lind singled to left center, Reyes scored, Bautista to second. Navarro grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. De Aza doubled to deep right. Ramirez hit by pitch. De Aza to third, Ramirez to second on balk by Stroman. Abreu singled to right, De Aza scored, Ramirez to third. Dunn grounded out to shortstop, Ramirez scored, Abreu to second. Viciedo singled to right, Abreu scored. Gillaspie doubled to deep right center, Viciedo scored. Flowers struck out looking. Jor Danks singled to left, Gillaspie scored. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Beckham grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Rasmus doubled to deep right. Valencia struck out looking. Kawasaki singled to center, Rasmus to third. Reyes hit sacrifice fly to center, Rasmus scored. Cabrera homered to right (389 feet), Kawasaki scored. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. De Aza flied out to right. Ramirez singled to center. Abreu struck out swinging. Dunn singled to left center, Ramirez to third. Viciedo singled to right, Ramirez scored, Dunn to second. Gillaspie singled to left, Dunn to third, Viciedo to second. Flowers struck out swinging. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Encarnacion popped out to second. Lind struck out looking. Navarro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Jor Danks struck out looking. Beckham grounded out to second. De Aza walked. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Rasmus lined out to center. Valencia struck out looking. Kawasaki reached on infield single to first. Reyes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Dunn doubled to deep center. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Viciedo struck out swinging. Gillaspie intentionally walked. Flowers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Cabrera popped out to third. Bautista popped out to third. Encarnacion popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Jor Danks singled to right. Beckham singled to deep left, Jor Danks to second. De Aza singled to center, Jor Danks scored, Beckham to second. Ramirez reached on infield single to third, Beckham to third, De Aza to second. Abreu singled to center, Beckham and De Aza scored, Ramirez to second. Dunn singled to right center, Ramirez scored, Abreu to third. Abreu scored, Dunn to second on wild pitch by Redmond. Viciedo walked. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Sierra ran for Viciedo. Gillaspie fouled out to third. Flowers lined out to right. Jor Danks grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Sierra in right field. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Lind singled to right. Navarro singled to center, Lind to second. Rasmus walked, Lind to third, Navarro to second. Guerra pitching for White Sox. Valencia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lind scored, Rasmus out at second, Navarro to third. Kawasaki struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Beckham struck out swinging. De Aza struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Guerra pitching for White Sox. Reyes grounded out to third. Cabrera grounded out to second. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Abreu singled to center. Dunn grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Abreu out at second. Sierra struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Cleto pitching for White Sox. Encarnacion flied out to right. Lind grounded out to shortstop. Navarro reached on infield single to third. Rasmus safe at first on error by first baseman Abreu, Navarro to second. Francisco hit for Valencia. Francisco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Francisco at third base. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Gillaspie grounded out to shortstop. Flowers walked. Jor Danks struck out swinging. Beckham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Flowers out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Webb pitching for White Sox. Garcia in right field. Kawasaki grounded out to first. Reyes struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - White Sox 11.	Abreu, Dunn lead White Sox past Blue Jays, 11-5