Red Sox - Top 1st. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Holt struck out swinging, Holt safe at first on passed ball by Thole. Pedroia homered to left (390 feet), Holt scored. Cespedes struck out swinging. Napoli singled to center. Nava popped out to shortstop. Craig walked, Napoli to second. Middlebrooks doubled to deep center, Napoli scored, Craig thrown out at home. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Red Sox. Reyes singled to left. Cabrera singled to center, Reyes to second. Bautista lined out to left. Lind flied out to center, Reyes to third. Encarnacion lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Betts walked. Vazquez singled to right, Betts to second. Holt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Vazquez out at second, Betts to third. Pedroia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Red Sox. Francisco flied out to center. Thole lined out to right. Pillar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Cespedes safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Francisco. Napoli struck out swinging. Nava flied out to right, Cespedes to third. Craig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Red Sox. Kawasaki singled to right center. Reyes doubled to right, Kawasaki to third. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Kawasaki scored. Bautista flied out to center, Reyes to third. Lind lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Middlebrooks grounded out to third. Betts grounded out to second. Vazquez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Red Sox. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Francisco walked. Thole walked, Francisco to second. Pillar flied out to right, Francisco to third. Kawasaki singled to right, Francisco scored, Thole to third. Reyes flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Holt grounded out to second. Pedroia grounded out to catcher. Cespedes singled to center. Napoli hit by pitch, Cespedes to second. Nava grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera singled to center. Bautista flied out to left. Lind doubled to left center, Cabrera to third. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera scored, Lind out at third. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Francisco reached on infield single to shortstop, Encarnacion to third. Thole struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Craig grounded out to shortstop. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. Betts grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Wilson pitching for Red Sox. Pillar struck out swinging. Kawasaki doubled to right. Reyes fouled out to third. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Vazquez grounded out to shortstop. Holt singled to center. Pedroia walked, Holt to second. Cespedes singled to center, Holt scored, Pedroia to second. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Napoli struck out swinging. Pedroia stole third. Nava struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Wilson pitching for Red Sox. Bautista homered to left center (419 feet). Lind walked. Badenhop pitching for Red Sox. Encarnacion flied out to left. Francisco grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Lind out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Craig grounded out to shortstop. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. Betts grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Badenhop pitching for Red Sox. Thole grounded out to second. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. Kawasaki hit by pitch. Reyes popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Vazquez grounded out to shortstop. Holt singled to left. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Holt out at second. Cespedes reached on infield single to third, Pedroia to second. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Mujica pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera lined out to right. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Lind doubled to deep center. Tolleson ran for Lind. Encarnacion intentionally walked. Navarro hit for Francisco. Navarro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 10th. Navarro catching. Valencia at third base. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Nava grounded out to first. Craig struck out swinging. Middlebrooks struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 10th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Valencia grounded out to second. Pillar doubled to center. Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop. Reyes grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 11th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Betts singled to right. Vazquez sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Betts to second. Holt sacrificed to third, Betts to third, Vazquez to second, Holt safe at first on error by pitcher Janssen. Betts to third on error by pitcher Janssen. Pedroia singled to center, Betts and Vazquez scored, Holt to second. Santos pitching for Blue Jays. Cespedes struck out swinging. Napoli homered to left (451 feet), Holt and Pedroia scored. Nava doubled to left. Craig homered to right center (397 feet), Nava scored. Tolleson pitching for Blue Jays. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. Betts flied out to left. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 11th. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera lined out to center. Bautista walked. Tolleson singled to center, Bautista to second. Encarnacion flied out to center. Navarro doubled to deep center, Bautista and Tolleson scored. Valencia doubled to deep right center, Navarro scored. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 11 - Blue Jays 7.	Red Sox plate 7 in 11th, top Jays