Red Sox - Top 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Betts lined out to right. Pedroia popped out to third. Ortiz lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Ellsbury walked. Gardner singled to shallow left center, Ellsbury to third. Beltrán grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ellsbury scored, Gardner out at second. Teixeira walked, Beltrán to second. McCann grounded into fielder's choice to first, Beltrán to third, Teixeira safe at second on error by first baseman Napoli. Rodriguez doubled to deep center, Beltrán, Teixeira and McCann scored. Headley homered to right (381 feet), Rodriguez scored. Drew homered to right center (366 feet). Gregorius flied out to left. Ellsbury flied out to center. 7 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Ramírez popped out to second. Sandoval struck out swinging. Napoli walked. Victorino popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Gardner flied out to left. Beltrán struck out swinging. Teixeira grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Bogaerts grounded out to third. Hanigan flied out to right. Betts singled to left. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Betts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. McCann struck out looking. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Headley singled to right. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to third, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Ortiz walked. Ortiz to second on wild pitch by Tanaka. Ortiz to third on wild pitch by Tanaka. Ramírez hit sacrifice fly to center, Ortiz scored. Sandoval singled to center. Napoli walked, Sandoval to second. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sandoval to third, Napoli safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Drew. Bogaerts doubled to left, Sandoval and Napoli scored, Victorino to third. Hanigan struck out swinging. Betts struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Gregorius singled to center. Ellsbury singled to right center, Gregorius to third. Ellsbury stole second. Gardner singled to center, Gregorius and Ellsbury scored, Gardner to second advancing on throw. Beltrán reached on infield single to third, Gardner to third. Teixeira hit sacrifice fly to left, Gardner scored. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. McCann struck out looking. Rodriguez walked, Beltrán to second. Headley flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Pedroia flied out to center. Ortiz grounded out to first. Ramírez homered to right center (414 feet). Sandoval struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Drew walked. Drew caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Gregorius grounded out to third. Ellsbury walked. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ellsbury out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Carpenter pitching for Yankees. Napoli flied out to left. Victorino flied out to left. Bogaerts singled to left. Hanigan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Beltrán singled to right. Teixeira singled to left, Beltrán to second. McCann singled to right, Beltrán to third, Teixeira to second. Rodriguez walked, Beltrán scored, Teixeira to third, McCann to second. Headley singled to center, Teixeira scored, McCann to third, Rodriguez to second. Drew hit sacrifice fly to center, McCann scored, Rodriguez to third, Headley to second. Gregorius lined into double play, center to shortstop, Headley doubled off second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Young in right field. Carpenter pitching for Yankees. Betts flied out to right. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Davies pitching for Yankees. Ortiz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Holt at second base. Varvaro pitching for Red Sox. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Gardner grounded out to second. Young singled to center. Jones hit for Teixeira. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Jones at first base. Davies pitching for Yankees. Ramírez grounded out to pitcher. Sandoval singled to center. Napoli singled to center, Sandoval to second. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sandoval to third, Napoli to second. Bogaerts grounded into double play, second to first, Victorino out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. León at third base. Craig at first base. Mujica pitching for Red Sox. McCann homered to right (344 feet). Petit hit for Rodriguez. Petit singled to center. Headley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Petit out at second. Drew lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Petit at third base. Davies pitching for Yankees. Hanigan struck out looking. Betts struck out looking. Holt singled to right center. Nava hit for Ortiz. Holt to second on fielder's indifference. Nava flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 4 - Yankees 14.	Yankees' bats break out in drubbing of Red Sox