Phillies - Top 1st. Nova pitching for Yankees. Revere flied out to left. Hernández flied out to center. Franco popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Gardner grounded out to first. Headley grounded out to third. Rodriguez hit by pitch. Teixeira singled to left, Rodriguez to second. Beltrán struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Howard doubled to center. Brown grounded out to first, Howard to third. Blanco grounded out to first. Asche fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Young singled to center. Murphy walked, Young to second. Gregorius reached on bunt single to catcher, Young to third, Murphy to second. Pirela grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young and Murphy scored, Gregorius safe at third, Pirela safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Blanco. Gardner struck out swinging. Headley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gregorius out at home, Pirela to third. Headley to 2nd on the throw. Rodriguez walked. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 3rd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Ruiz flied out to center. Galvis flied out to left. Revere singled to center. Hernández walked, Revere to second. Franco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Beltrán lined out to left. Young flied out to left. Murphy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Howard grounded out to second. Brown lined out to center. Blanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Gregorius doubled to shallow left center. Pirela walked. Gardner singled to center, Gregorius scored, Pirela to third. Headley doubled to shallow left, Pirela scored, Gardner to third. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Teixeira singled to right, Gardner scored, Headley to third. Beltrán popped out to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Teixeira out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Asche grounded out to second. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Galvis walked. Revere flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Murphy singled to right. Gregorius grounded into fielder's choice to second, Murphy out at second. Pirela flied out to center. Gardner grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Hernández flied out to center. Franco flied out to center. Howard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Headley singled to shallow left. Rodriguez singled to left, Headley to second. Teixeira popped out to first. Beltrán flied out to right. Young singled to right, Headley scored, Rodriguez to second. Murphy struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Brown safe at first on error by pitcher Nova. Blanco fouled out to third. Asche reached on infield single to third, Brown to second. Ruiz flied out to right, Brown to third. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Galvis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 7th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Gregorius walked. Pirela doubled to deep center, Gregorius scored. Gardner walked. Headley walked, Pirela to third, Gardner to second. Rodriguez singled to left, Pirela and Gardner scored, Headley to second. Headley to third, Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by De Fratus. Teixeira singled to center, Headley scored, Rodriguez to third. Beltrán struck out looking. Young popped out to second. Murphy struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Hernández grounded out to second. Franco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Ruf at first base. Herrera in center field. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Gregorius flied out to right. Pirela singled to shallow left. Gardner struck out swinging. Headley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Jones at first base. Moreno pitching for Yankees. Howard doubled to right. Brown singled to center, Howard scored. Blanco doubled to deep right, Brown to third. Asche grounded out to third, Brown scored. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Galvis walked. Herrera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 2 - Yankees 10.	Yankees' Nova shines in return from TJ surgery