Athletics - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Burns reached on infield single to first. Vogt lined into double play, to first, Burns doubled off first. Zobrist grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Kazmir pitching for Athletics. Ellsbury lined out to left. Gardner singled to left. Rodriguez struck out looking. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Butler hit ground rule double to left. Lawrie reached on infield single to shortstop, Butler to third. Smolinski grounded into fielder's choice to third, Butler out at home, Lawrie to second. Phegley singled to center, Lawrie scored, Smolinski to second. Canha singled to left, Smolinski scored, Phegley to third. Semien lined out to second. Burns popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Athletics. Young safe at first on error by third baseman Lawrie. Murphy lined out to center. Gregorius doubled to deep right, Young scored, Gregorius thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Pirela grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Vogt grounded out to shortstop. Zobrist popped out to second. Butler grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Athletics. Petit struck out swinging. Ellsbury flied out to left. Gardner walked. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Lawrie flied out to left. Smolinski walked. Phegley struck out swinging. Canha grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Smolinski out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Teixeira homered to right (407 feet). Young walked. Murphy reached on infield single to third, Young to second. Gregorius struck out swinging. Young stole third. Murphy to second on wild pitch by Scribner. Pirela hit sacrifice fly to right, Young scored, Murphy to third. Petit grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Semien flied out to right. Burns singled to left. Vogt flied out to center. Zobrist walked, Burns to second. Butler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Ellsbury struck out looking. Gardner lined out to right. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Lawrie grounded out to second. Smolinski singled to left center. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Phegley struck out looking. Smolinski to second on wild pitch by Mitchell. Canha walked. Semien grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Teixeira homered to right (379 feet). Young struck out looking. Murphy singled to center. O'Flaherty pitching for Athletics. Gregorius grounded into fielder's choice to first, Murphy out at second. Pirela reached on infield single to second, Gregorius to second. Petit grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Wilson pitching for Yankees. Drew at second base. Burns fouled out to first. Vogt flied out to right. Zobrist grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. O'Flaherty pitching for Athletics. Ellsbury reached on infield single to pitcher. Gardner walked, Ellsbury to second. Mujica pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gardner out at second, Ellsbury to third. Teixeira intentionally walked. Young fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Betances pitching for Yankees. Butler struck out looking. Lawrie struck out swinging. Reddick hit for Smolinski. Reddick grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Reddick in right field. Mujica pitching for Athletics. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Abad pitching for Athletics. Gregorius struck out swinging. Drew homered to right (376 feet). Petit grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Miller pitching for Yankees. Phegley flied out to center. Canha singled to left. Semien homered to left (395 feet), Canha scored. Burns struck out swinging. Vogt safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Petit. Fuld ran for Vogt. Zobrist grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 4 - Yankees 5.	Teixeira homers twice to help Sabathia, Yankees beat A's 5-4