Yankees - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Ellsbury reached first base on catcher's interference. Gardner struck out swinging. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellsbury out at second. Teixeira flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Capuano pitching for Yankees. DeShields walked. Odor flied out to right. Beltré flied out to center. Fielder walked, DeShields to second. Andrus singled to center, DeShields scored, Fielder to second. Moreland walked, Fielder to third, Andrus to second. Rua singled to left center, Fielder and Andrus scored, Moreland to second. Choo doubled to deep right, Moreland scored, Rua to third. Chirinos walked. DeShields walked, Rua scored, Choo to third, Chirinos to second. Moreno pitching for Yankees. Odor grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Young doubled to left. Headley singled to center, Young scored. Murphy singled to left, Headley to second. Gregorius hit by pitch, Headley to third, Murphy to second. Ryan doubled to right center, Headley and Murphy scored, Gregorius to third. Ellsbury singled to center, Gregorius scored, Ryan to third. Gardner singled to center, Ryan scored, Ellsbury to second. Rodriguez doubled to deep left, Ellsbury scored, Gardner to third. Rodríguez pitching for Rangers. Teixeira struck out swinging. Young walked. Headley singled to left, Gardner scored, Rodriguez to third, Young to second. Murphy struck out swinging. Gregorius tripled to deep left center, Rodriguez, Young and Headley scored. Ryan doubled to deep left, Gregorius scored. Ellsbury struck out swinging. 11 Runs, 10 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Rafael Moreno pitching for Yankees. Beltré grounded out to third. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. Andrus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Rangers. Gardner singled to right. Rodriguez singled to center, Gardner to third. Teixeira walked, Rodriguez to second. Young homered to left (378 feet), Gardner, Rodriguez and Teixeira scored. Headley walked. Klein pitching for Rangers. Murphy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Headley out at second. Gregorius singled to center. Ryan grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Rafael Moreno pitching for Yankees. Moreland struck out swinging. Rua struck out swinging. Choo walked. Chirinos grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Klein pitching for Rangers. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Gardner walked. Rodriguez walked, Gardner to second. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez out at second, Gardner to third. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gardner scored, Teixeira safe at second on error by shortstop Andrus. Headley fouled out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Rafael Moreno pitching for Yankees. DeShields flied out to right. Odor flied out to left. Beltré popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Klein pitching for Rangers. Murphy struck out swinging. Gregorius singled to left. Ryan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gregorius out at second. Ellsbury struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Rafael Moreno pitching for Yankees. Fielder lined out to right. Andrus struck out looking. Moreland grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Patton pitching for Rangers. Gardner walked. Rodriguez struck out looking. Teixeira hit by pitch, Gardner to second. Young doubled to deep left, Gardner scored, Teixeira to third. Jones ran for Teixeira. Headley struck out looking. Murphy singled to right, Jones and Young scored. Gregorius singled to right center, Murphy to second. Ryan struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Jones at first base. Rafael Moreno pitching for Yankees. Rua struck out looking. Choo grounded out to catcher. Chirinos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. DeShields in left field. Martín in center field. Rua at first base. Freeman pitching for Rangers. Ellsbury flied out to center. Gardner walked. Rodriguez walked, Gardner to second. Jones struck out looking. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Drew at second base. Ryan at third base. Warren pitching for Yankees. DeShields flied out to left. Odor grounded out to first. Beltré grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Telis catching. Scheppers pitching for Rangers. Drew grounded out to first. Murphy walked. Gregorius flied out to center. Ryan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Warren pitching for Yankees. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. Andrus grounded out to third. Martín grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Rosales pitching for Rangers. Ellsbury reached first base on catcher's interference. Gardner homered to right (409 feet), Ellsbury scored. Rodriguez walked. Jones flied out to center. Young struck out looking. Drew flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Warren pitching for Yankees. Rua grounded out to first. Choo flied out to center. Telis popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 21 - Rangers 5.	Yankees use 11-run inning in 21-5 comeback win at Texas