Rockies - Top 1st. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Fowler reached on infield single to second. Rutledge flied out to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Tulowitzki lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Aoki lined out to left. Weeks walked. Braun grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Weeks out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Cuddyer singled to center. Helton singled to center, Cuddyer to third. Nelson singled to right, Cuddyer scored, Helton to second. Torrealba grounded into fielder's choice to second, Nelson out at second, Helton to third. De La Rosa struck out bunting foul. Fowler fouled out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Ramirez doubled to deep left. Lucroy struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Gomez doubled to deep left, Ramirez scored. Segura intentionally walked. Estrada singled to right, Gomez scored, Segura to third. Aoki grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Rutledge struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out looking. Tulowitzki homered to left center (419 feet). Cuddyer singled to center. Helton fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Weeks singled to left. Braun homered to right (358 feet), Weeks scored. Ramirez struck out swinging. Lucroy grounded out to third. Gonzalez lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Nelson singled to right. Torrealba flied out to center. De La Rosa struck out swinging. Fowler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Gomez flied out to center. Segura lined out to right. Estrada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Rutledge reached on infield single to third. Gonzalez homered to right center (422 feet), Rutledge scored. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Cuddyer struck out looking. Helton flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Aoki grounded out to second. Weeks walked. Escalona pitching for Rockies. Braun flied out to right. Ramirez walked, Weeks to second. Lucroy lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Kintzler pitching for Brewers. Nelson struck out looking. Torrealba struck out swinging. Escalona struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Escalona pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez fouled out to right. Gomez lined out to third. Segura singled to right, Segura to third on throwing error by right fielder Cuddyer. Kh Davis hit for Kintzler. Kh Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Brewers. Fowler walked. Rutledge reached on bunt single to catcher, Fowler to second. Gonzalez reached on infield single to first, Fowler to third, Rutledge to second. Badenhop pitching for Brewers. Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to center, Fowler scored, Rutledge to third. Cuddyer reached on infield single to third, Rutledge scored, Gonzalez to second. Helton singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Cuddyer to second. Nelson grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Helton out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Brignac at third base. Aoki singled to center. Weeks grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Aoki out at second. Braun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers. Torrealba walked. Torrealba to second on wild pitch by Gorzelanny. Brignac reached on bunt single to third, Torrealba to third. Brignac to second on wild pitch by Gorzelanny. Fowler grounded out to second. Rutledge hit sacrifice fly to right, Torrealba scored. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Lucroy safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Brignac. Gonzalez lined into double play, right to shortstop, Lucroy doubled off second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 9th. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Cuddyer grounded out to second. Helton fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Gomez lined out to second. Segura reached on infield single to second. Schafer hit for Narveson. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Betancourt hit for Schafer. Betancourt flied out to center. Aoki singled to right, Segura to third. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Aoki to second on fielder's indifference. Weeks grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 8 - Brewers 4.	Tulowitzki, Gonzalez homer to drive Rockies