Rockies - Top 1st. Volquez pitching for Padres. Fowler singled to right. Rutledge grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fowler out at second. Rutledge stole second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Tulowitzki doubled to left, Rutledge scored. Cuddyer struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Cabrera tripled to deep left. Denorfia struck out swinging. Alonso hit sacrifice fly to left, Cabrera scored. Guzman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Volquez pitching for Padres. Helton safe at first on error by third baseman Guzman. Rosario homered to left (435 feet), Helton scored. Brignac struck out looking. Chacin safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Guzman. Fowler struck out looking. Rutledge flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Kotsay grounded out to shortstop. Gyorko flied out to right. Hundley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Volquez pitching for Padres. Gonzalez walked. Gonzalez stole second. Tulowitzki fouled out to third. Cuddyer grounded out to second, Gonzalez to third. Helton doubled to deep left center, Gonzalez scored. Rosario singled to center, Helton scored, Rosario to second advancing on throw. Brignac intentionally walked. Rosario to third, Brignac to second on wild pitch by Volquez. Chacin grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Venable doubled to deep right center. Volquez struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left center, Venable scored. Denorfia singled to right, Cabrera to second. Alonso flied out to left. Cabrera caught stealing third, catcher to third. Guzman batting. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Guzman in left field. Amarista at second base. Gyorko at third base. Volquez pitching for Padres. Fowler grounded out to first. Rutledge walked. Rutledge stole second. Gonzalez doubled to deep left, Rutledge scored. Weber pitching for Padres. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Cuddyer homered to left (420 feet), Gonzalez scored. Helton struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Guzman walked. Amarista grounded into fielder's choice to first, Guzman out at second. Gyorko walked, Amarista to second. Hundley flied out to right. Venable fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Weber pitching for Padres. Rosario singled to right. Brignac grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rosario out at second. Chacin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Weber grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Denorfia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Weber pitching for Padres. Fowler walked. Rutledge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fowler out at second. Gonzalez singled to right center, Rutledge to third. Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to center, Rutledge scored. Cuddyer walked, Gonzalez to second. Helton walked, Gonzalez to third, Cuddyer to second. Rosario struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Escalona pitching for Rockies. Alonso grounded out to shortstop. Guzman grounded out to third. Amarista doubled to deep left. Gyorko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Weber pitching for Padres. Brignac flied out to center. Escalona grounded out to second. Fowler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Escalona pitching for Rockies. Hundley fouled out to catcher. Venable homered to right (336 feet). Baker hit for Weber. Baker flied out to right. Cabrera homered to center (410 feet). Denorfia struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Brach pitching for Padres. Baker catching. Rutledge struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to right center. Tulowitzki singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Cuddyer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tulowitzki out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Alonso singled to right. Guzman walked, Alonso to second. Amarista doubled to left, Alonso scored, Guzman to third. Gyorko flied out to right. Quentin hit for Brach. Quentin fouled out to catcher. Venable struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Helton singled to left. Rosario singled to center, Helton to second. Brignac reached on bunt single to pitcher, Helton to third, Rosario to second. Pacheco hit for Belisle. Pacheco flied out to right. Fowler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helton out at home, Rosario to third, Brignac to second. Rutledge grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Baker struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to center. Denorfia grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 9 - Padres 5.	Rosario's career-high four hits paces Rockies