Rockies - Top 1st. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Fowler walked. LeMahieu reached on bunt single to catcher, Fowler to second. Gonzalez popped out to third. Cuddyer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, LeMahieu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Ellsbury doubled to left. Victorino sacrificed to third, Ellsbury to third. Pedroia singled to right, Ellsbury scored. Ortiz walked, Pedroia to second. Napoli walked, Pedroia to third, Ortiz to second. Nava singled to shallow left, Pedroia scored, Ortiz to third, Napoli to second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Drew fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Helton lined out to pitcher. Rosario homered to left (423 feet). Dickerson grounded out to second. Arenado doubled to left. Herrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Iglesias fouled out to first. Ellsbury grounded out to third. Victorino doubled to left. Pedroia doubled to deep right, Victorino scored. Ortiz doubled to left center, Pedroia scored. Napoli singled to right center, Ortiz scored. Nava singled to right, Napoli to third. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Fowler struck out swinging. LeMahieu lined out to second. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Drew flied out to left. Iglesias singled to right center. Ellsbury singled to left, Iglesias to second. Victorino singled to right, Iglesias to third, Ellsbury to second, Iglesias scored, Ellsbury to third on error by right fielder Cuddyer. Pedroia singled to center, Ellsbury scored, Victorino to second. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Ortiz struck out swinging, Victorino stole third, Pedroia stole second. Napoli flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 4th. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Cuddyer reached on infield single to third. Cuddyer to second on wild pitch by Dempster. Helton flied out to right. Rosario grounded out to pitcher. Dickerson walked. Arenado singled to center, Cuddyer scored, Dickerson to second, Dickerson to third on error by center fielder Ellsbury. Herrera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Nava singled to right. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Nava caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Drew tripled to deep center. Iglesias doubled to left center, Drew scored. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Fowler flied out to center. LeMahieu lined out to right. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Victorino flied out to center. Pedroia flied out to right. Ortiz walked. Napoli flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Helton flied out to left. Rosario singled to right. Dickerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Nava struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. Drew grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Wilson pitching for Red Sox. Arenado singled to left. Herrera tripled to deep right, Arenado scored. Fowler struck out looking. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Gonzalez singled to center, Herrera scored. Cuddyer flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Iglesias singled to left. Ellsbury reached on infield single to third, Iglesias to second. Victorino grounded out to pitcher, Iglesias to third, Ellsbury to second. Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to center, Iglesias scored. Ortiz intentionally walked. Napoli singled to left, Ellsbury scored, Ortiz to second. Nava flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Helton fouled out to third. Rosario singled to left center. Dickerson doubled to center, Rosario to third. Arenado flied out to left. Herrera fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Outman pitching for Rockies. Saltalamacchia singled to right. Drew singled to left, Saltalamacchia to second. Saltalamacchia to third, Drew to second on wild pitch by Outman. Iglesias flied out to right. Ellsbury walked. Victorino grounded out to third, Saltalamacchia scored, Drew to third, Ellsbury to second. Pedroia struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Beato pitching for Red Sox. Fowler flied out to left. LeMahieu safe at first on error by third baseman Iglesias. LeMahieu to second on fielder's indifference. Gonzalez popped out to second. Cuddyer singled to left, LeMahieu to third. Cuddyer to second on fielder's indifference. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Red Sox 11.	Pedroia's 4 RBIs help Red Sox rout Rockies