Marlins - Top 1st. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Hechavarria lined out to second. Yelich singled to right. Stanton struck out looking. Morrison grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Fowler walked. LeMahieu flied out to right. Fowler safe at first on missed catch error by Morrison. Fowler caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Lucas flied out to right. Marisnick grounded out to shortstop. Solano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop. Helton homered to right (424 feet). Rosario struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Mathis grounded out to third. Fernandez struck out looking. Hechavarria reached on infield single to pitcher. Hechavarria stole second. Yelich singled to center, Hechavarria scored. Stanton flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Arenado flied out to left. Chacin grounded out to shortstop. Fowler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Morrison grounded out to second. Lucas popped out to second. Marisnick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. LeMahieu singled to left. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to second, LeMahieu out at second. Tulowitzki singled to left, Gonzalez to third. Cuddyer struck out swinging, Tulowitzki stole second. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Solano singled to left. Mathis singled to right center, Solano to second. Fernandez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Solano out at third, Mathis to second. Hechavarria doubled to deep right, Mathis scored, Fernandez to third. Yelich reached on infield single to second, Fernandez scored, Hechavarria to third. Stanton lined into double play, second to first, Yelich doubled off first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Rosario struck out looking. Arenado singled to left. Chacin walked, Arenado to second. Fowler grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chacin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Morrison lined out to left. Lucas struck out swinging. Marisnick popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. LeMahieu tripled to right. Gonzalez grounded out to second, LeMahieu scored. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Cuddyer grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Solano doubled to deep center. Mathis struck out swinging. Fernandez grounded out to third, Solano to third. Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Helton grounded out to first. Rosario flied out to center. Arenado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Outman pitching for Rockies. Yelich flied out to center. Stanton homered to left (427 feet). Morrison singled to center. Escalona pitching for Rockies. Lucas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Morrison out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Pacheco hit for Blackmon. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Pacheco lined out to first. Fowler struck out swinging. LeMahieu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Marisnick lined out to second. Solano lined out to second. Mathis singled to shallow right. Polanco singled to right, Mathis to second. Hechavarria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Gonzalez walked. Gonzalez stole second. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Cuddyer grounded out to first, Gonzalez to third. Helton popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Rockies 2.	Fernandez dominant as Marlins dump Rockies