Rockies - Top 1st. Teheran pitching for Braves. Fowler walked. Dickerson reached on infield single to pitcher, Fowler to second. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Rosario reached on infield single to pitcher, Fowler to third, Dickerson to second. Helton struck out swinging. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Heyward walked. Upton homered to center (419 feet), Heyward scored. Freeman grounded out to shortstop. Gattis flied out to left. McCann walked. Johnson singled to right, McCann to second. Uggla grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Blackmon doubled to deep right. LeMahieu doubled to deep right, Blackmon to third. Bettis grounded out to pitcher. Fowler walked. Dickerson hit sacrifice fly to right, Blackmon scored, LeMahieu to third, Fowler to second. Tulowitzki struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Herrera at shortstop. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Simmons singled to center. Teheran doubled to right, Simmons scored. Heyward lined out to shortstop. Upton flied out to right, Teheran to third. Freeman intentionally walked. Gattis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Freeman out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Rosario struck out swinging. Helton struck out looking. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. McCann flied out to right. Johnson flied out to right. Uggla walked. Simmons grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Blackmon struck out looking. LeMahieu hit ground rule double to deep right. Bettis grounded out to first, LeMahieu to third. Fowler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Teheran reached on infield single to second. Heyward homered to right (378 feet), Teheran scored. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Freeman grounded out to second. Gattis grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Dickerson struck out swinging. Herrera struck out swinging. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. McCann walked. Johnson flied out to left. Uggla struck out swinging. Simmons flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Downs pitching for Braves. Helton singled to left. Arenado grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Helton out at second. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. LeMahieu at third base. Culberson at second base. Constanza hit for Downs. Constanza grounded out to third. Heyward grounded out to second. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Carpenter pitching for Braves. LeMahieu singled to right. LeMahieu stole second. Culberson struck out looking. Fowler flied out to center. Dickerson walked. Avilan pitching for Braves. Herrera singled to left, LeMahieu scored, Dickerson to third. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Herrera out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Freeman singled to center. Gattis popped out to second. McCann singled to right center, Freeman to third. Johnson singled to left, Freeman scored, McCann to second. Uggla popped out to second. Simmons struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Cunningham in left field. Avilan pitching for Braves. Helton singled to center. Chatwood hit for Corpas. Chatwood struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Helton out at second. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to first, Blackmon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Escalona pitching for Rockies. Terdoslavich hit for Avilan. Terdoslavich reached on infield single to shortstop. Heyward walked, Terdoslavich to second. Upton homered to left center (408 feet), Terdoslavich and Heyward scored. Freeman doubled to deep left center. Cunningham reached on infield single to catcher, Freeman to third. Cunningham to second on wild pitch by Escalona. McCann grounded out to first, Freeman scored, Cunningham to third. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Johnson singled to left, Cunningham scored. Uggla grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Varvaro pitching for Braves. Culberson grounded out to shortstop. Fowler grounded out to second. Dickerson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 2 - Braves 11.	J. Upton hits 2 HRs as Braves win 7th in row