Pirates - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Marte singled to left. Marte caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Mercer singled to left. McCutchen singled to left, Mercer to second. Martin singled to left, Mercer to third, McCutchen to second. Alvarez struck out swinging. Sanchez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Fowler lined out to shortstop. LeMahieu singled to right. LeMahieu stole second. Tulowitzki walked. Cuddyer singled to center, LeMahieu scored, Tulowitzki to third. Rosario doubled to deep right, Tulowitzki and Cuddyer scored. Helton singled to center, Rosario scored. Arenado singled to left, Helton to second. Culberson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Arenado out at second, Helton to third. De La Rosa lined out to left. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Walker singled to left. Tabata walked, Walker to second. Liriano struck out swinging. Marte singled to center, Walker to third, Tabata to second. Mercer hit sacrifice fly to center, Walker scored, Tabata to third, Marte to second. McCutchen walked. Martin grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Fowler reached on infield single to shortstop, Fowler to second on throwing error by shortstop Mercer. LeMahieu lined out to right, Fowler to third. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Cuddyer singled to left, Fowler scored. Cuddyer stole second. Rosario homered to left (404 feet), Cuddyer scored. Helton singled to shallow center. Arenado doubled to deep left center, Helton scored. Culberson singled to center, Arenado scored, Culberson to second advancing on throw. De La Rosa grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Alvarez grounded out to second. Sanchez fouled out to third. Walker flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Fowler walked. LeMahieu lined out to center. Tulowitzki singled to right, Fowler to third. Mazzaro pitching for Pirates. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fowler scored, Tulowitzki out at second. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cuddyer out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. Mazzaro struck out swinging. Marte walked. Mercer reached on infield single to first, Marte to second. McCutchen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Mazzaro pitching for Pirates. Helton walked. Arenado singled to left, Helton to second. Culberson flied out to right, Helton to third. De La Rosa struck out looking. Fowler lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Martin grounded out to third. Alvarez singled to left center. Sanchez flied out to left. Walker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Mazzaro pitching for Pirates. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Tulowitzki walked. Cuddyer flied out to left. Rosario singled to right center, Tulowitzki to second. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Tabata grounded out to second. Presley hit for Mazzaro. Presley grounded out to shortstop. Marte singled to left. Mercer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Marte in center field. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Presley in left field. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Culberson grounded out to third. Ottavino struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Hughes struck out swinging. Martin struck out swinging. Alvarez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Fowler flied out to center. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Herrera hit for Tulowitzki. Herrera singled to shallow right center. Blackmon hit for Cuddyer. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Herrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Herrera at shortstop. Blackmon in right field. Escalona pitching for Rockies. Sanchez grounded out to second. Walker walked. Walker to second on balk by Escalona. Tabata grounded out to pitcher, Walker to third. Presley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Rosario struck out swinging. Torrealba hit for Helton. Torrealba grounded out to third. Arenado walked. Culberson reached on infield single to third, Arenado to second. Harrison pitching for Pirates. Sanchez catching. Dickerson hit for Escalona. Dickerson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Torrealba at first base. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Marte singled to center. Mercer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Marte out at second. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mercer out at second. Harrison to second on fielder's indifference. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 1 - Rockies 10.	Rockies trounce Pirates, snap 5-game skid