Dodgers - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Hairston Jr. singled to left center. Punto grounded out to third, Hairston Jr. to second. Ramirez flied out to center. Young singled to right, Hairston Jr. scored. Van Slyke struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Volquez pitching for Dodgers. Fowler struck out swinging. Rutledge tripled to deep center. Tulowitzki doubled to deep left, Rutledge scored. Tulowitzki to third on wild pitch by Volquez. Cuddyer hit sacrifice fly to right, Tulowitzki scored. Rosario grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Ellis flied out to center. Uribe lined out to left. Schumaker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Volquez pitching for Dodgers. Helton homered to right (387 feet). Arenado singled to right center. Blackmon flied out to center. De La Rosa sacrificed to third, Arenado to second. Fowler struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Volquez grounded out to third. Hairston Jr. lined out to center. Punto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Volquez pitching for Dodgers. Rutledge singled to right center. Rutledge to second on passed ball by Ellis. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop. Cuddyer singled to center, Rutledge scored, Tulowitzki to second. Rosario struck out swinging. Helton flied out to left. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cuddyer out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Ramirez flied out to center. Young struck out swinging. Van Slyke safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Arenado. Ellis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Volquez pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon lined out to right. De La Rosa struck out swinging. Fowler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. LeMahieu at third base. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Uribe walked. Schumaker grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Uribe out at second. Federowicz hit for Volquez. Federowicz singled to center. Hairston Jr. flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. League pitching for Dodgers. Rutledge grounded out to first. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. Cuddyer singled to center. Cuddyer to second on wild pitch by League. Cuddyer to third on wild pitch by League. Rosario flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Punto singled to right. Ramirez singled to center, Punto to second. Young reached on infield single to third, Punto to third, Ramirez to second. Van Slyke grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Punto scored, Young out at second, Ramirez to third. Ellis grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Helton struck out looking. LeMahieu struck out looking. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Uribe singled to right center. Schumaker walked, Uribe to second. Gonzalez hit for Howell. Outman pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Hairston Jr. grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schumaker out at second, Uribe to third. Punto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hairston Jr. out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Marmol pitching for Dodgers. Dickerson hit for Lopez. Dickerson singled to right center. Fowler singled to center, Dickerson to third. Rutledge singled to right, Dickerson scored, Fowler to third. Rutledge stole second. Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to center, Fowler scored, Rutledge to third on throwing error by center fielder Schumaker. Cuddyer intentionally walked. Rutledge scored, Cuddyer to second on balk by Marmol. Rosario struck out swinging. Helton struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Ramirez singled to center. Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Belisle. Young singled to center, Ramirez scored. Ethier hit for Van Slyke. Ethier flied out to center. Ellis safe at first on error by second baseman Rutledge, Young to second. Uribe doubled to right center, Young scored, Ellis to third. Schumaker singled to center, Ellis scored, Uribe to third. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Crawford hit for Marmol. Crawford struck out swinging. Puig hit for Hairston Jr.. Puig struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Ethier in center field. Schumaker in right field. Crawford in left field. LeMahieu singled to right. Blackmon struck out swinging. Culberson hit for Corpas. Culberson grounded into fielder's choice to third, LeMahieu out at second. Wilson pitching for Dodgers. Fowler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez in left field. Punto walked. Ramirez lined out to left. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Punto out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 5 - Rockies 7.	De La Rosa, Rockies cool Dodgers