Rockies - Top 1st. Ross pitching for Padres. Dickerson safe at first on error by third baseman Headley. LeMahieu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Dickerson out at second. Tulowitzki singled to left. Cuddyer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 1st. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Venable popped out to shortstop. Denorfia singled to center. Gyorko singled to left, Denorfia to second. Headley lined out to center. Guzman walked, Denorfia to third, Gyorko to second. Amarista reached on infield single to second, Denorfia scored, Gyorko to third, Guzman to second. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Ross pitching for Padres. Helton flied out to right. Arenado grounded out to second. Torrealba flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Hundley flied out to center. Ross bunt grounded out to pitcher. Venable reached on infield single to shortstop. Venable stole second. Denorfia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Ross pitching for Padres. Blackmon grounded out to first. Chatwood walked. Dickerson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Chatwood out at second. LeMahieu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Gyorko grounded out to third. Headley flied out to center. Guzman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Ross pitching for Padres. Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Amarista flied out to left. Cedeno walked. Hundley grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cedeno out at second. Ross singled to center, Hundley to second. Hundley to third, Ross to second on wild pitch by Chatwood. Venable grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Ross pitching for Padres. Arenado fouled out to second. Torrealba flied out to center. Blackmon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Denorfia grounded out to shortstop. Gyorko flied out to right. Headley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Ross pitching for Padres. Chatwood struck out looking. Dickerson doubled to deep left. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Tulowitzki walked. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tulowitzki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Guzman grounded out to third. Amarista grounded out to shortstop. Cedeno grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Ross pitching for Padres. Helton hit ground rule double to deep right. Arenado struck out swinging. Torrealba lined into double play, right to shortstop, Helton doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Hundley grounded out to third. Kotsay hit for Ross. Kotsay lined out to center. Venable walked. Denorfia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Venable out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Blackmon singled to left. Wheeler hit for Corpas. Wheeler grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blackmon out at second. Culberson ran for Wheeler. Dickerson flied out to right. Culberson stole second. LeMahieu singled to left, Culberson scored, LeMahieu to third on error by catcher Hundley. Tulowitzki struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Gyorko homered to right (358 feet). Headley grounded out to second. Guzman struck out swinging. Amarista grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Street pitching for Padres. Blanks at first base. Cuddyer singled to left. Helton flied out to left. Arenado flied into double play, center to first, Cuddyer doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 1 - Padres 2.	Padres edge Rockies 2-1