Rockies - Top 1st. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson grounded out to first. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Tulowitzki singled to left. Cuddyer doubled to right, Tulowitzki to third. Rosario singled to center, Tulowitzki and Cuddyer scored. Helton grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Eaton doubled to left. Hill singled to right, Eaton to third. Goldschmidt lined out to second. Chavez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado lined out to right. Blackmon struck out looking. Chatwood singled to left. Dickerson singled to center, Chatwood to second. LeMahieu singled to right, Chatwood to third, Dickerson to second. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LeMahieu out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Prado grounded out to pitcher. Montero walked. Parra flied out to left. Gregorius popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Cuddyer grounded out to second. Rosario grounded out to third. Helton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. McCarthy grounded out to first. Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop. Hill walked, Eaton to second. Goldschmidt walked, Eaton to third, Hill to second. Chavez hit sacrifice fly to left, Eaton scored. Prado flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado grounded out to second. Blackmon grounded out to second. Chatwood grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Montero singled to right center. Parra grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Montero out at second. Gregorius singled to left. McCarthy singled to center, Gregorius to second. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson singled to left. LeMahieu grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dickerson out at second. Tulowitzki singled to center. Cuddyer reached on infield single to second, Tulowitzki to second. Rosario flied out to right. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Chavez walked. Prado singled to center, Chavez to second. Montero walked, Chavez to third, Prado to second. Chavez scored, Prado to third, Montero to second on wild pitch by Chatwood. Parra walked. Scahill pitching for Rockies. Gregorius grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton struck out swinging. Arenado flied out to center. Blackmon singled to center. Pacheco hit for Scahill. Pacheco singled to right, Blackmon out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Campana hit for McCarthy. Campana reached on infield single to catcher. Campana stole second. Eaton struck out swinging. Campana stole third. Hill struck out swinging. Goldschmidt intentionally walked. Outman pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt stole second. Chavez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson doubled to deep right. LeMahieu singled to left, Dickerson scored. Tulowitzki singled to center, LeMahieu to third. Tulowitzki to second on wild pitch by Harris. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to third, LeMahieu out at home, Tulowitzki to third. Rosario doubled to deep center, Tulowitzki and Cuddyer scored. Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton walked. Roe pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado struck out looking. Blackmon tripled to right, Rosario and Helton scored. Outman grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Outman pitching for Rockies. Prado grounded out to second. Montero singled to left. Parra grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Montero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Roe pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson grounded out to first. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Tulowitzki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Gregorius lined out to left. Owings hit for Roe. Owings struck out swinging. Eaton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Langwell pitching for Diamondbacks. Cuddyer struck out looking. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Helton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Hill singled to center. Goldschmidt singled to left center, Hill to second. Chavez struck out swinging. Prado popped out to shortstop. Montero homered to right (416 feet), Hill and Goldschmidt scored. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Bloomquist hit for Parra. Bloomquist lined out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 7 - Diamondbacks 5.	Rosario's 4 RBIs lead Rockies past Diamondbacks