Cardinals - Top 1st. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Theriot flied out to right. Rasmus singled to center. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rasmus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Bloomquist singled to center. Bloomquist picked off first. Johnson doubled to center. Upton popped out to first. Drew grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday struck out swinging. Berkman struck out swinging. Freese singled to left. Schumaker grounded into fielder's choice to second, Freese out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Young grounded out to catcher. Montero flied out to center. Mora singled to right. Miranda struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina singled to center. McClellan doubled to deep right center, Molina scored. Theriot sacrificed to third, McClellan to third. Rasmus popped out to shortstop. Pujols lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Enright walked. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to second, Enright out at second. Johnson struck out swinging. Upton singled to center, Bloomquist to second. Drew flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday singled to left. Berkman grounded out to second, Holliday to second. Freese flied out to center. Schumaker doubled to right, Holliday scored. Molina intentionally walked. Schumaker to third, Molina to second on wild pitch by Enright. McClellan singled to right, Schumaker scored, Molina to third. Theriot singled to right, Molina scored, McClellan to second. Rasmus singled to right, McClellan to third, Theriot to second. Pujols flied out to right. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Young doubled to left. Montero grounded out to second, Young to third. Mora singled to center, Young scored. Miranda walked, Mora to second. Enright grounded into double play, third to second to first, Miranda out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday hit by pitch. Berkman flied out to left. Freese flied out to right. Schumaker struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. Johnson struck out looking. Upton walked. Drew flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina flied out to center. McClellan safe at first on error by shortstop Drew. Theriot flied out to center. Rasmus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Young fouled out to third. Montero walked. Mora struck out looking. Miranda singled to right, Montero to second. Branyan hit for Enright. Branyan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Berkman homered to left (373 feet). Freese singled to right. Schumaker grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freese out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Augenstein pitching for Cardinals. Bloomquist popped out to second. Johnson hit by pitch. Upton hit ground rule double to deep left, Johnson to third. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Drew grounded out to second, Johnson scored, Upton to third. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at third base. Young flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina struck out swinging. Descalso grounded out to first. Theriot grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Montero flied out to center. Mora grounded out to shortstop. Miranda grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Rasmus struck out swinging. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols singled to center. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second. Berkman homered to left (368 feet), Holliday scored. Jay hit for Motte. Jay homered to right (364 feet). Schumaker grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Jay in right field. Roberts hit for Gutierrez. Roberts struck out looking. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 8 - Diamondbacks 2.	Pujols still slumping but Berkman lifts Cards