Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Roberts walked. Johnson walked, Roberts to second. Upton singled to left, Roberts scored, Johnson to second. Drew singled to right, Johnson to third, Upton to second. Young struck out swinging. Montero doubled to deep right center, Johnson, Upton and Drew scored. Miranda grounded out to first, Montero to third. Parra intentionally walked. Duke flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Duke pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonifacio struck out looking. Infante lined out to right. Morrison struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Roberts fouled out to third. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Upton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Duke pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez grounded out to third. Stanton flied out to center. Buck singled to center. Helms flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Drew safe at first on error by shortstop Bonifacio. Young reached on infield single to shortstop, Drew to second. Montero doubled to deep left, Drew scored, Young to third. Miranda grounded out to first, Young scored, Montero to third. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Duke homered to right (380 feet), Montero scored. Roberts singled to left center. Johnson walked, Roberts to second. Upton singled to center, Roberts scored, Johnson to second. Drew struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Duke pitching for Diamondbacks. Coghlan grounded out to second. Nolasco doubled to deep left. Bonifacio singled to center, Nolasco to third. Infante doubled to deep center, Nolasco and Bonifacio scored. Morrison grounded out to second, Infante to third. Sanchez walked. Stanton singled to center, Infante scored, Sanchez to second. Buck struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Young walked. Montero doubled to deep left, Young to third. Miranda singled to center, Young and Montero scored, Miranda to second advancing on throw. Parra grounded out to second, Miranda to third. Duke struck out swinging. Roberts singled to center, Miranda scored. Johnson struck out swinging. Upton batting. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Duke pitching for Diamondbacks. Helms struck out swinging. Coghlan fouled out to left. Badenhop doubled to deep left. Bonifacio doubled to left, Badenhop scored. Infante singled to left, Bonifacio thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Upton grounded out to second. Drew grounded out to second. Young doubled to deep left. Montero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Duke pitching for Diamondbacks. Morrison singled to center. Sanchez singled to left, Morrison to second. Stanton doubled to deep left, Morrison scored, Sanchez to third. Buck popped out to second. Helms singled to right, Sanchez scored, Stanton to third. Coghlan lined out to center. Martinez hit for Badenhop. Martinez singled to left, Stanton scored, Helms to second. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonifacio struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Miranda walked. Parra singled to right, Miranda to third. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to third, Miranda out at home, Parra to second. Parra stole third. Roberts struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Infante lined out to third. Morrison flied out to center. Sanchez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Sanches pitching for Marlins. Hayes at first base. Upton grounded out to third. Drew walked. Young flied out to center. Montero lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton walked. Buck walked, Stanton to second. Helms singled to left, Stanton to third, Buck to second. Coghlan grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Stanton out at home, Buck to third, Helms to second. Hayes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Sanches pitching for Marlins. Miranda flied out to left. Parra struck out swinging. Mora hit for Owings. Mora grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonifacio singled to center. Infante walked, Bonifacio to second. Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Morrison struck out looking. Dobbs hit for Sanches. Dobbs walked, Bonifacio to third, Infante to second. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton lined out to second. Buck singled to center, Bonifacio and Infante scored, Dobbs to third. Helms struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Dobbs at third base. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Roberts walked. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Roberts out at second. Upton doubled to deep left center. Drew struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Coghlan grounded out to second. Hayes grounded out to third. Bonifacio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 12 - Marlins 9.	D-backs waylay Nolasco, Marlins for 4th win in 5