Rockies - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler struck out swinging. Ellis reached on infield single to second. Helton walked, Ellis to second. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Smith struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Bloomquist flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to first. Upton reached on infield single to third. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Wigginton struck out swinging. Spilborghs flied out to center. Iannetta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Montero singled to right. Blum homered to right (384 feet), Montero scored. Allen struck out swinging. Parra singled to center. Hudson bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Parra out at second. Bloomquist tripled to deep center, Hudson scored. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Cook singled to right. Fowler singled to right, Cook to second. Ellis singled to center, Cook to third, Fowler to second. Helton hit sacrifice fly to left, Cook scored, Fowler tagged out at third, Ellis to second. Tulowitzki doubled to left, Ellis scored. Smith struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to shortstop. Montero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Roberts at second base. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Wigginton doubled to deep center. Spilborghs grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher. Iannetta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Spilborghs out at second, Wigginton to third. Cook singled to left center, Wigginton scored. Fowler flied out to center. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Blum popped out to third. Allen walked. Parra grounded out to second, Allen to second. Hudson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellis struck out looking. Helton struck out swinging. Tulowitzki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Bloomquist grounded out to pitcher. Roberts lined out to right. Upton doubled to deep center. Young grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith singled to right. Wigginton hit into fielder's choice to right, Smith out at second. Spilborghs singled to left, Wigginton to second. Iannetta popped out to first. Wigginton to third, Spilborghs to second on wild pitch by Hudson. Cook grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Montero tripled to deep right. Blum grounded out to first. Allen intentionally walked. Parra singled to left, Montero scored, Allen to second. Hudson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Parra out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler doubled to deep right. Ellis hit by pitch. Helton hit by pitch, Fowler to third, Ellis to second. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fowler scored, Helton out at second, Ellis to third. Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith hit sacrifice fly to center, Ellis scored. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tulowitzki out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Bloomquist singled to left. Roberts struck out looking. Bloomquist caught stealing second, catcher to second. Upton walked. Young lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Iannetta popped out to second. Young Jr. hit for Belisle. Young Jr. walked. Fowler tripled to deep center, Young Jr. scored. Ellis singled to center, Fowler scored. Castillo pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellis stole second. Helton grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Stewart at third base. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Montero grounded out to second. Blum struck out looking. Nady hit for Allen. Nady struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Nady at first base. Cook pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Smith walked. Stewart singled to right, Smith to second. Smith stole third. Stewart stole second. Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop, Smith scored, Stewart to third. Iannetta flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Parra walked. Burroughs hit for Cook. Burroughs struck out swinging. Parra to second on fielder's indifference. Bloomquist flied out to center. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 8 - Diamondbacks 4.	Cook finally gets 1st win as Rockies rip D-backs