Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. Cowgill singled to center. Upton struck out swinging. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cowgill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Diamondbacks. Torres grounded out to pitcher. Keppinger singled to center. Sandoval flied out to right. Beltran flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Roberts struck out swinging. Goldschmidt walked. Goldschmidt stole second. Ransom grounded out to third, Goldschmidt to third. Blanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Marquis pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Ransom. Huff singled to right, Cabrera thrown out at third. Ross walked, Huff to second. Whiteside popped out to second. Vogelsong grounded into fielder's choice to third, Huff out at third, Ross to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Marquis grounded out to second. Bloomquist singled to right. Cowgill grounded out to second, Bloomquist to second. Upton hit by pitch. Bloomquist picked off second. Young batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Marquis pitching for Diamondbacks. Torres singled to right. Keppinger singled to left, Torres to third. Sandoval singled to right, Torres scored, Keppinger to second. Beltran singled to center, Keppinger scored, Sandoval to third. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Sandoval scored, Beltran to second. Huff safe at first on error by second baseman Roberts, Beltran to third. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltran scored, Huff out at second. Whiteside grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ross out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Young lined out to second. Roberts walked. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Roberts out at second. Ransom hit by pitch, Goldschmidt to second. Blanco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Marquis pitching for Diamondbacks. Vogelsong grounded out to third. Torres struck out swinging. Keppinger grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Marquis grounded out to pitcher. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Cowgill popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Marquis pitching for Diamondbacks. Sandoval singled to center. Beltran singled to right, Sandoval to second. Cabrera doubled to left, Sandoval and Beltran scored. Huff reached on infield single to first, Cabrera to third. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Ross doubled to deep left center, Cabrera and Huff scored. Whiteside grounded out to pitcher, Ross to third. Vogelsong grounded out to shortstop. Torres grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Upton struck out looking. Young walked. Roberts grounded out to shortstop, Young to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Duke pitching for Diamondbacks. Keppinger flied out to left. Sandoval lined out to left. Beltran tripled to deep right center. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Ransom doubled to deep left. Blanco singled to left, Ransom to third. Duke singled to left center, Ransom scored, Blanco to second. Mota pitching for Giants. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Cowgill struck out swinging. Upton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Duke pitching for Diamondbacks. Huff grounded out to second. Ross walked. Whiteside struck out swinging. Mota flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Mota pitching for Giants. Young struck out swinging. Roberts walked. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Ransom walked, Roberts to second. Blanco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Parra in right field. Cowgill in center field. Nady in left field. Burroughs at third base. Ransom at shortstop. Duke pitching for Diamondbacks. Torres walked. Keppinger lined out to shortstop. Sandoval flied out to left. Beltran flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Lopez pitching for Giants. Owings hit for Duke. Owings grounded out to third. Parra grounded out to pitcher. Cowgill reached on infield single to second. Romo pitching for Giants. Nady struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 1 - Giants 8.	Vogelsong wins again to help Giants halt skid