Dodgers - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon lined out to pitcher. Blake struck out swinging. Ethier grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Eovaldi pitching for Dodgers. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. Johnson struck out swinging. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Kemp singled to left. Kemp caught stealing second, catcher to second. Rivera doubled to right. Miles flied out to left. Barajas singled to center, Rivera scored. Gwynn struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Eovaldi pitching for Dodgers. Young flied out to left. Montero struck out swinging. Roberts walked. Goldschmidt singled to left, Roberts to second. Parra walked, Roberts to third, Goldschmidt to second. Saunders singled to right, Roberts and Goldschmidt scored, Parra to third. Bloomquist flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Eovaldi singled to right. Gordon reached on infield single to third, Eovaldi to second. Blake sacrificed to catcher, Eovaldi to third, Gordon to second. Ethier grounded out to second, Eovaldi scored, Gordon to third. Kemp walked. Rivera struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Eovaldi pitching for Dodgers. Johnson singled to right. Johnson caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Carroll at shortstop. Upton struck out swinging. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles popped out to second. Barajas singled to center. Gwynn grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Barajas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Eovaldi pitching for Dodgers. Montero popped out to shortstop. Roberts lined out to third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Eovaldi struck out swinging. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. Blake grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Eovaldi pitching for Dodgers. Parra struck out swinging. Saunders singled to left. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Johnson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier singled to left. Kemp flied out to right. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ethier safe at second on error by shortstop Bloomquist. Miles singled to right, Ethier scored, Rivera to third. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Barajas singled to center, Rivera scored, Miles to second. Gwynn grounded into fielder's choice to second, Barajas out at second, Miles to third. Oeltjen hit for Eovaldi. Oeltjen walked, Gwynn to second. Carroll struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Hawksworth pitching for Dodgers. Upton fouled out to catcher. Young grounded out to third. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Blake walked. Ethier singled to left, Blake to second. Kemp flied out to right, Blake to third. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blake scored, Ethier out at second. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles singled to left, Rivera to second. Barajas popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Hawksworth pitching for Dodgers. Roberts struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Parra flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Gwynn flied out to center. Loney hit for Hawksworth. Loney struck out swinging. Carroll singled to right. Blake struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Guerrier pitching for Dodgers. Loney at first base. Burroughs hit for Hernandez. Burroughs singled to left. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to third, Burroughs out at second. Johnson flied out to center. Upton doubled to deep right center, Bloomquist scored. Young flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier lined out to second. Kemp grounded out to second. Navarro hit for Guerrier. Navarro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Elbert pitching for Dodgers. Montero lined out to shortstop. Roberts doubled to deep left center. Roberts to third on wild pitch by Elbert. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Parra grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 5 - Diamondbacks 3.	Eovaldi helps Dodgers top D-backs in debut