Astros - Top 1st. Marquis pitching for Diamondbacks. Bourgeois grounded out to shortstop. Altuve grounded out to third. Martinez walked. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Lyles pitching for Astros. Bloomquist grounded out to pitcher. Roberts struck out swinging. Upton singled to center. Montero doubled to deep left, Upton scored. Young flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Marquis pitching for Diamondbacks. Bogusevic singled to center. Sanchez singled to shallow right, Bogusevic to second. Paredes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sanchez out at second, Bogusevic to third. Quintero reached on infield single to shortstop, Bogusevic scored, Paredes to second. Lyles sacrificed to pitcher, Paredes to third, Quintero to second. Bourgeois popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Johnson flied out to left. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Parra singled to right. Marquis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Marquis pitching for Diamondbacks. Altuve flied out to center. Martinez homered to left (383 feet). Lee walked. Bogusevic homered to center (429 feet), Lee scored. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Paredes doubled to right, Paredes to third on error by right fielder Upton. Quintero flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Bloomquist grounded out to third. Roberts flied out to right. Upton lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Marquis pitching for Diamondbacks. Lyles struck out swinging. Bourgeois flied out to left. Altuve safe at first on error by shortstop Bloomquist. Martinez doubled to left, Altuve to third. Lee singled to left center, Altuve and Martinez scored, Lee to second advancing on throw. Bogusevic doubled to deep center, Lee scored. Sanchez grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Montero singled to left. Young singled to left, Montero thrown out at third, Young to second advancing on throw. Johnson flied out to center, Young to third. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Paredes struck out swinging. Quintero struck out swinging. Lyles popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Parra singled to center. Owings singled to shallow right, Parra to second. Bloomquist singled to center, Parra to third, Owings to second. Roberts popped out to shortstop. Upton doubled to deep left, Parra and Owings scored, Bloomquist to third. Montero singled to right, Bloomquist and Upton scored. Young flied out to center. Johnson struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Bourgeois grounded out to second. Altuve doubled to deep left. Martinez struck out swinging. Lee grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Goldschmidt singled to right. Parra doubled to right center, Goldschmidt to third. Lopez pitching for Astros. Owings bunt grounded out to pitcher. Bloomquist singled to center, Goldschmidt and Parra scored, Bloomquist to second advancing on throw. Roberts grounded out to first, Bloomquist to third. Upton homered to left center (440 feet), Bloomquist scored. Montero flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Bogusevic struck out swinging. Sanchez popped out to second. Paredes homered to right (392 feet). Quintero flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Lopez pitching for Astros. Young walked. Escalona pitching for Astros. Johnson struck out swinging. Carpenter pitching for Astros. Barmes at shortstop. Goldschmidt flied out to center. Parra singled to right, Young to third. Burroughs hit for Owings. Burroughs grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Barmes walked. Bourgeois safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Hernandez, Barmes to second. Altuve struck out looking. Martinez struck out swinging. Lee walked, Barmes to third, Bourgeois to second. Bogusevic struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Shuck in right field. Bloomquist walked. Roberts doubled to right center, Bloomquist scored. Upton grounded out to third. Montero intentionally walked. Young flied out to right. Johnson doubled to right, Roberts scored, Montero to third. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Shuck flied out to left. Paredes singled to left. Quintero singled to right, Paredes to second. Barmes hit ground rule double to deep left, Paredes scored, Quintero to third. Downs hit for Bourgeois. Downs struck out swinging. Altuve grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 9 - Diamondbacks 11.	D-backs shake 6-run deficit to outslug Astros