Astros - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Bourgeois singled to center. Bourgeois caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Martinez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Myers pitching for Astros. Bloomquist flied out to left. Roberts struck out swinging. Upton singled to center. Montero grounded into fielder's choice to second, Upton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Lee singled to right. Paredes safe at first on error by right fielder Upton, Lee to second. Michaels sacrificed to catcher, Lee to third, Paredes to second. Barmes popped out to shortstop. Quintero intentionally walked. Myers flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Myers pitching for Astros. Young grounded out to third. Johnson flied out to right. Nady fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Bourgeois grounded out to shortstop. Altuve singled to left. Altuve stole second. Martinez struck out swinging. Lee singled to left, Altuve scored. Paredes grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Myers pitching for Astros. Parra singled to left. Saunders grounded into double play, first to shortstop to second, Parra out at second. Bloomquist walked. Roberts flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Michaels singled to right. Barmes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Michaels out at second. Quintero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Myers pitching for Astros. Upton flied out to right. Montero grounded out to second. Young walked. Johnson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Myers walked. Bourgeois singled to right, Myers to second. Altuve reached on bunt single to third, Myers to third, Bourgeois to second. Martinez doubled to deep left, Myers and Bourgeois scored, Altuve to third. Lee lined out to pitcher, Altuve scored, Martinez to third. Martinez caught stealing home, to catcher. Paredes struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Myers pitching for Astros. Nady flied out to right. Parra doubled to deep right. Saunders struck out looking. Bloomquist singled to shallow right, Parra scored. Roberts fouled out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Michaels grounded out to catcher. Barmes popped out to first. Quintero singled to left center. Myers popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Myers pitching for Astros. Upton flied out to center. Montero popped out to shortstop. Young struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Bourgeois tripled to right. Altuve singled to left, Bourgeois scored. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Altuve out at second. Lee grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Myers pitching for Astros. Johnson struck out swinging. Nady grounded out to second. Parra flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Paredes singled to left. Paredes caught stealing second, catcher to second. Michaels walked. Barmes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Michaels out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Burroughs hit for Ziegler. Myers pitching for Astros. Burroughs lined out to left. Bloomquist walked. Roberts doubled to deep left, Bloomquist scored. Upton grounded out to first, Roberts to third. Montero singled to center, Roberts scored. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Bogusevic in right field. Young fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Quintero struck out looking. Bogusevic singled to left. Bourgeois popped out to second. Bogusevic caught stealing second, catcher to second. Altuve batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Melancon pitching for Astros. Johnson struck out swinging. Nady reached on infield single to third. Parra struck out looking. Goldschmidt hit for Shaw. Goldschmidt homered to left (450 feet), Nady scored. Bloomquist grounded out to catcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 10th. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Altuve struck out swinging. Martinez flied out to center. Lee flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th. Fulchino pitching for Astros. Roberts reached on infield single to shortstop. Upton singled to right, Roberts to second. Escalona pitching for Astros. Downs at first base. Montero flied out to right. Young homered to left (391 feet), Roberts and Upton scored. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 5 - Diamondbacks 8.	D-backs walk off on Young's three-run blast