Padres - Top 1st. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Venable grounded out to first. Bartlett lined out to shortstop. Maybin fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Bloomquist doubled to deep left. Roberts struck out swinging, Bloomquist stole third, Bloomquist scored on throwing error by catcher Hundley. Upton doubled to center. Young singled to left, Upton scored. Goldschmidt singled to right, Young to second. Young stole third, Goldschmidt stole second. Young scored, Goldschmidt safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hundley. Hill doubled to left center, Goldschmidt scored. Parra grounded out to second, Hill to third. Blanco grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Guzman grounded out to second. Hudson grounded out to third. Blanks flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Collmenter singled to right. Bloomquist flied out to left. Roberts walked, Collmenter to second. Upton grounded out to shortstop, Collmenter to third, Roberts to second. Young safe at first on error by first baseman Guzman, Collmenter scored, Roberts to third. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 3rd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley popped out to second. Forsythe singled to center. LeBlanc sacrificed to pitcher, Forsythe to second. Venable struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Hill popped out to second. Parra struck out swinging. Blanco popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Bartlett singled to right. Maybin flied out to right. Guzman struck out looking, Bartlett stole second. Hudson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Collmenter grounded out to third. Bloomquist lined out to third. Roberts singled to center. Roberts stole second. Upton walked. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Upton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanks struck out swinging. Hundley grounded out to third. Forsythe singled to right center. Cunningham hit for LeBlanc. Cunningham singled to right center, Forsythe to third. Venable flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Frieri pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt flied out to center. Hill flied out to left. Parra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Bartlett singled to center. Maybin struck out swinging. Guzman singled to left, Bartlett to second. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Guzman out at second, Bartlett to third. Blanks flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Frieri pitching for Padres. Blanco flied out to center. Burroughs hit for Ziegler. Burroughs grounded out to first. Bloomquist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley reached on infield single to third. Forsythe grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hundley out at second. Parrino hit for Frieri. Parrino flied out to center. Venable singled to right, Forsythe to second. Bartlett grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Bass pitching for Padres. Roberts singled to right center. Upton singled to left, Roberts to second. Young struck out swinging. Goldschmidt flied out to center. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Upton out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Maybin grounded out to third. Guzman flied out to right. Hudson singled to left. Blanks flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Parra struck out swinging. Blanco popped out to second. Cowgill hit for Shaw. Cowgill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley struck out swinging. Forsythe grounded out to third. Gonzalez hit for Thatcher. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 0 - Diamondbacks 5.	Collmenter effective as D-backs shut out Padres