Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Bloomquist flied out to center. Parra flied out to center. Upton homered to right (394 feet). Goldschmidt flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler homered to left (399 feet). Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to center. Tulowitzki walked, Gonzalez to second. Kouzmanoff struck out looking. Wigginton grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Hill grounded out to third. Blum grounded out to first. Cowgill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. Rogers doubled to deep left. Fowler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Blanco walked. Miley sacrificed to pitcher, Blanco to second. Bloomquist singled to right, Blanco thrown out at home, Bloomquist to second advancing on throw. Parra walked. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellis homered to left (382 feet). Gonzalez struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt walked. Hill doubled to left, Goldschmidt to third. Blum singled to center, Goldschmidt and Hill scored. Cowgill popped out to second. Blanco singled to deep right center, Blum to third. Miley bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Blum out at home, Blanco to second. Bloomquist struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Wigginton singled to center. Spilborghs grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wigginton out at second. Iannetta walked. Rogers grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Iannetta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Parra walked. Parra stole second. Upton singled to left, Parra to third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Upton caught stealing second, catcher to second. Hill fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler doubled to left center. Ellis walked. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ellis out at second, Fowler to third. Tulowitzki lined into double play, to first, Gonzalez doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Blum homered to right (414 feet). Cowgill singled to center. Blanco flied out to center. Miley walked, Cowgill to second. Roenicke pitching for Rockies. Bloomquist singled to right, Cowgill scored, Miley to second. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bloomquist out at second, Miley to third. Upton hit by pitch, Parra to second. Goldschmidt doubled to left, Miley, Parra and Upton scored, Goldschmidt thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. Wigginton grounded out to third. Spilborghs grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Young Jr. in left field. Hill lined out to third. Blum singled to right center. Cowgill walked, Blum to second. Blanco walked, Blum to third, Cowgill to second. Miley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blum scored, Blanco out at second, Cowgill to third. Bloomquist flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Iannetta struck out swinging. Young Jr. flied out to left. Fowler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Parra lined out to second. Upton fouled out to catcher. Goldschmidt lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Duke pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellis grounded out to second. Gonzalez singled to right center. Tulowitzki singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Tulowitzki to second. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kouzmanoff out at second, Tulowitzki to third. Smith hit for Reynolds. Smith grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Romero pitching for Rockies. Hill doubled to deep center. Blum struck out swinging. Cowgill singled to right center, Hill scored. Blanco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cowgill out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Iannetta struck out swinging. Young Jr. flied out to left. Fowler homered to right (401 feet). Ellis walked. Ellis to second on fielder's indifference. Gonzalez walked. Tulowitzki homered to center (422 feet), Ellis and Gonzalez scored. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 10 - Rockies 7.	Blum, Upton HRs power D-backs