Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Bloomquist struck out looking. Hill flied out to left. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Loney popped out to second. Kemp homered to right (384 feet). Rivera safe at first on error by shortstop Bloomquist. Miles struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Montero popped out to shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. Young walked. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Barajas grounded out to second. Sands singled to right. Carroll grounded out to first, Sands to second. Lilly struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Parra walked. Saunders sacrificed to pitcher, Parra to second. Bloomquist flied out to center, Parra to third. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon grounded out to second. Loney struck out looking. Kemp flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Upton flied out to center. Montero hit by pitch. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Montero out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Rivera lined out to shortstop. Miles flied out to right. Barajas struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Young struck out swinging. Roberts singled to left. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to second, Roberts out at second. Saunders struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Sands flied out to center. Carroll grounded out to first. Lilly grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Bloomquist singled to right. Hill doubled to left, Bloomquist scored. Upton intentionally walked. Montero fouled out to catcher. Hill stole third. Goldschmidt singled to left, Hill scored, Upton to second. Guerrier pitching for Dodgers. Young walked, Upton to third, Goldschmidt to second. Roberts singled to left, Upton scored, Goldschmidt to third, Young to second. Elbert pitching for Dodgers. Parra singled to left, Goldschmidt and Young scored, Parra to second, Roberts to second, Roberts to third advancing on throw. Roberts out at home on runner's fielder's choice, Parra to third on runner's fielder's choice. Saunders struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon bunt grounded out to pitcher. Loney flied out to center. Kemp singled to left. Rivera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Lindblom pitching for Dodgers. Bloomquist popped out to second. Hill struck out swinging. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles walked. Miles to second on wild pitch by Saunders. Barajas grounded out to second, Miles to third. Sands singled to left center, Miles scored. Carroll grounded out to third, Sands to second. Mitchell hit for Lindblom. Mitchell fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. MacDougal pitching for Dodgers. Montero struck out swinging. Goldschmidt singled to center. Young doubled to left, Goldschmidt to third. Roberts struck out swinging. Parra doubled to center, Goldschmidt and Young scored. Burroughs hit for Saunders. Burroughs struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon fouled out to shortstop. Loney walked. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Kemp struck out swinging. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Loney out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Eovaldi pitching for Dodgers. Bloomquist grounded out to second. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Upton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles grounded out to second. Barajas lined out to third. Sands singled to right. Sands to second on fielder's indifference. Carroll reached on infield single to third, Sands to third. Gwynn hit for Eovaldi. Castillo pitching for Diamondbacks. Gwynn hit by pitch, Carroll to second. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 7 - Dodgers 2.	D-backs top Dodgers, close in on West title \n\n