Mariners - Top 1st. Simon pitching for Reds. Martín flied out to center. Aoki singled to center. Canó grounded into fielder's choice to first, Aoki out at second. Cruz walked, Canó to second. Seager flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Miley pitching for Mariners. Cozart doubled to deep left. Hamilton hit by pitch. Votto singled to right, Cozart to third, Hamilton to second. Phillips doubled to deep right center, Cozart and Hamilton scored, Votto to third. Bruce hit sacrifice fly to center, Votto scored. Suárez struck out swinging. Duvall lined out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Simon pitching for Reds. Lind grounded out to second. Clevenger struck out swinging. O'Malley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Miley pitching for Mariners. Cabrera grounded out to second. Simon singled to center. Cozart lined out to shortstop. Hamilton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Simon pitching for Reds. Miley singled to left. Martín singled to right, Miley to second. Aoki grounded into fielder's choice to first, Martín out at second, Miley to third. Canó singled to right, Miley scored, Aoki to second. Aoki to third, Canó to second on wild pitch by Simon. Cruz grounded out to second, Aoki scored, Canó to third. Seager fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Miley pitching for Mariners. Votto grounded out to shortstop. Phillips struck out swinging. Bruce walked. Suárez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Simon pitching for Reds. Lind fouled out to third. Clevenger grounded out to first. O'Malley singled to center. Miley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, O'Malley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Miley pitching for Mariners. Duvall homered to left center (450 feet). Cabrera singled to center. Simon sacrificed to pitcher, Cabrera to second. Cozart lined into double play, third to second, Cabrera doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Simon pitching for Reds. Martín reached on bunt single to pitcher. Aoki singled to right, Martín to third. Canó hit sacrifice fly to center, Martín scored. Cruz walked, Aoki to second. Seager singled to center, Aoki scored, Cruz to third, Seager to second on throwing error by center fielder Hamilton. Lind intentionally walked. Clevenger singled to left center, Cruz scored, Seager thrown out at home, Lind to second. O'Malley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Clevenger out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 5th. Miley pitching for Mariners. Hamilton singled to left. Votto grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hamilton out at second. Phillips struck out swinging, Votto to second on wild pitch by Miley. Bruce flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Diaz pitching for Reds. Miley grounded out to shortstop. Martín singled to right. Aoki grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Martín out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Miley pitching for Mariners. Suárez struck out looking. Duvall struck out looking. Cabrera singled to center. Holt hit for Diaz. Holt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Wood pitching for Reds. Canó grounded out to shortstop. Cruz struck out swinging. Seager flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Vincent pitching for Mariners. Cozart struck out swinging. Hamilton flied out to right. Votto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Wood pitching for Reds. Lind grounded out to second. Clevenger struck out looking. O'Malley doubled to right center. Smith hit for Vincent. O'Malley to third on wild pitch by Wood. Smith fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Benoit pitching for Mariners. Phillips flied out to right. Bruce lined out to left. Suárez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Cingrani pitching for Reds. Martín reached on bunt single to second, Martín to second on throwing error by second baseman Phillips. Aoki grounded out to second, Martín to third. Canó struck out swinging. Cruz intentionally walked. Cruz to second on fielder's indifference. Seager grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 9th. Cishek pitching for Mariners. Duvall struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to left. Barnhart hit for Cingrani. Barnhart lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Reds 4.	Martin, Cano help Mariners sweep, hand Reds 7th loss in row