Rangers - Top 1st. Paxton pitching for Mariners. DeShields struck out swinging. Desmond struck out swinging, Desmond safe at first on wild pitch by Paxton. Beltrán singled to left center, Desmond to third. Beltré singled to right, Desmond scored, Beltrán to second. Odor singled to center, Beltrán to third, Beltré to second. Lucroy struck out swinging. Andrus struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Heredia walked. Gutiérrez singled to left, Heredia to second. Canó popped out to shortstop. Cruz singled to center, Heredia scored, Gutiérrez to second. Seager struck out swinging. Lee grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Gómez struck out swinging. Rua safe at second on error by third baseman Seager. DeShields doubled to right, Rua scored. Desmond struck out looking. Beltrán singled to deep left, DeShields scored. Beltré grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Martín struck out looking. Zunino flied out to right. O'Malley safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Andrus. Heredia hit ground rule double to right, O'Malley scored. Gutiérrez lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 3rd. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Odor flied out to right. Lucroy struck out swinging. Andrus doubled to left. Gómez doubled to right, Andrus scored. Rua struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Canó grounded out to second. Cruz safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus. Seager homered to right center (410 feet), Cruz scored. Lee flied out to center. Martín grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 4th. Paxton pitching for Mariners. DeShields flied out to center. Desmond grounded out to catcher. Beltrán lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Zunino singled to left. O'Malley bunt grounded out to first, Zunino to second. Heredia grounded out to second, Zunino to third. Gutiérrez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Beltré doubled to deep center. Odor flied out to left. Lucroy homered to left (400 feet), Beltré scored. Storen pitching for Mariners. Andrus doubled to shallow right. Gómez struck out swinging. Moreland hit for Rua. Moreland doubled to deep right, Andrus scored. Mazara hit for DeShields. Mazara hit by pitch. Desmond flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Mazara in right field. Gómez in left field. Moreland at first base. Perez pitching for Rangers. Canó lined out to center. Cruz struck out swinging. Seager doubled to deep left. Lee walked. Martín reaches on infield single to second, Seager to third, Lee to second. Zunino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martín out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 6th. Caminero pitching for Mariners. Beltrán walked. Beltré grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltrán out at second. Odor grounded into fielder's choice to second, Beltré out at second. Lucroy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Rangers. O'Malley fouled out to second. Heredia grounded out to second. Gutiérrez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Caminero pitching for Mariners. Andrus homered to left (409 feet). Gómez walked. Moreland grounded out to second, Gómez to second. Mazara walked. Desmond walked, Gómez to third, Mazara to second. Rollins pitching for Mariners. Beltrán flied out to left. Beltré flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Diekman pitching for Rangers. Canó singled to center. Marte ran for Canó. Cruz doubled to deep right, Marte to third. Seager walked. Kela pitching for Rangers. Lee walked, Marte scored, Cruz to third, Seager to second. Martín hit sacrifice fly to left, Cruz scored. Zunino struck out swinging. O'Malley popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Marte at shortstop. O'Malley at second base. Rollins pitching for Mariners. Odor singled to right. Cishek pitching for Mariners. Lucroy popped out to second. Andrus doubled to deep right, Odor scored. Gómez grounded out to second, Andrus to third. Venditte pitching for Mariners. Moreland flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Bush pitching for Rangers. Aoki hit for Heredia. Aoki struck out swinging. Smith hit for Gutiérrez. Smith homered to center (399 feet). Marte singled to center. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Marte out at second. Seager struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Aoki in left field. Smith in right field. Venditte pitching for Mariners. Mazara reached on infield single to catcher. Hoying ran for Mazara. Desmond hit by pitch, Hoying to second. Beltrán grounded out to pitcher, Hoying to third, Desmond to second. Beltré intentionally walked. Odor grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hoying out at home, Desmond to third, Beltré to second. Lucroy walked, Desmond scored, Beltré to third, Odor to second. Andrus lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Hoying in right field. Dyson pitching for Rangers. Gamel hit for Lee. Gamel struck out swinging. Martín singled to deep right center. Lind hit for Zunino. Lind grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martín out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 10 - Mariners 7.	Andrus has HR, 3 doubles to pace Rangers past Mariners 10-7