Mariners - Top 1st. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Aoki doubled to left. Smith reached on infield single to shortstop, Aoki to third. Canó grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Aoki scored, Smith out at second. Cruz doubled to deep center. Seager singled to right, Cruz scored, Seager out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Wendle singled to right. Semien flied out to center. Vogt singled to left, Wendle to second. Davis struck out swinging. Alonso lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Lind popped out to shortstop. Sucre grounded out to second. Gamel singled to right. Marte grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Valencia walked. Healy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Valencia out at second. Maxwell singled to center. Smolinski singled to right, Maxwell to second. Wendle grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Aoki walked. Smith singled to center, Aoki to second. Canó walked, Aoki to third, Smith to second. Cruz doubled to deep left, Aoki and Smith scored, Canó to third. Seager struck out looking. Lind intentionally walked. Sucre reached on infield single to third, Canó scored, Cruz to third, Lind to second. Gamel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cruz scored, Sucre out at second, Lind to third. Marte grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Semien lined out to left. Vogt grounded out to first. Davis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Aoki lined out to center. Smith lined out to right. Canó grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Alonso flied out to center. Valencia fouled out to first. Healy singled to center. Maxwell grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Cruz singled to center. Seager grounded out to second, Cruz to second. Lind grounded out to first, Cruz to third. Sucre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Smolinski popped out to second. Wendle grounded out to first. Semien flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Gamel singled to deep right. Marte singled to right, Gamel to third. Aoki doubled to deep left center, Gamel and Marte scored, Aoki to third advancing on throw. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Smith struck out swinging. Canó lined out to first. Cruz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Heredia in right field. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Vogt lined out to center. Davis lined out to center. Alonso doubled to deep left center. Valencia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. McBride catching. Eibner in center field. Smolinski in left field. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Seager homered to right (375 feet). Lind walked. Sucre singled to right, Lind to third. Gamel struck out swinging. Marte singled to left, Lind scored, Sucre to second. Aoki singled to right, Sucre to third, Marte to second. Smith pitching for Athletics. Heredia walked, Sucre scored, Marte to third, Aoki to second. O'Malley hit for Canó. O'Malley singled to center, Marte and Aoki scored, Heredia to third. Cruz hit sacrifice fly to center, Heredia scored, O'Malley out at first. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. O'Malley at second base. Storen pitching for Mariners. Healy singled to center. Maxwell singled to right, Healy to third. Smolinski popped out to shortstop. Wendle safe at first on error by third baseman Seager, Healy scored, Maxwell to second. Alcántara hit for Semien. Alcántara flied out to left. McBride grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wendle out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 8th. Alcántara at shortstop. Muncy in right field. Smith pitching for Athletics. Seager struck out swinging. Lind lined out to left. Sucre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Eibner struck out swinging. Alonso grounded out to second. Muncy walked. Healy homered to left (347 feet), Muncy scored. Maxwell grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Gamel struck out swinging. Marte lined out to center. Aoki lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Nuño pitching for Mariners. Pinder hit for Smolinski. Pinder grounded out to third. Wendle flied out to left. Alcántara lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 14 - Athletics 3.	Hernandez wins in Oakland again as Mariners beat A's 14-3