Mariners - Top 1st. Fiers pitching for Astros. Aoki grounded out to pitcher. Smith lined out to center. Canó doubled to deep left. Cruz singled to center, Canó scored. Seager singled to shallow right, Cruz to second. Lind struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Springer singled to center. González flied out to center. Altuve doubled to deep left center, Springer scored, Altuve to third advancing on throw. Correa singled to right, Altuve scored. Gattis reached on infield single to third, Correa to second. Gurriel grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gattis out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Fiers pitching for Astros. Martín grounded out to second. Sucre singled to right center. Marte singled to right, Sucre to second. Aoki doubled to deep right, Sucre scored, Marte to third. Smith hit sacrifice fly to center, Marte scored, Aoki out at third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Kemp struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Marisnick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Fiers pitching for Astros. Canó struck out looking. Cruz singled to left. Seager flied out to left. Lind doubled to deep center, Cruz scored, Lind to third advancing on throw. Martín struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Springer flied out to center. González hit by pitch. Altuve walked, González to second. Correa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Altuve out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Fiers pitching for Astros. Sucre grounded out to first. Marte lined out to center. Aoki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Gattis grounded out to pitcher. Gurriel lined out to shortstop. Kemp flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Fiers pitching for Astros. Smith grounded out to third. Canó struck out swinging. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Castro grounded out to second. Marisnick struck out swinging. Springer singled to shallow right. González grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Chapman pitching for Astros. Seager flied out to left. Lind singled to center. Martín singled to left, Lind to second. Gustave pitching for Astros. Sucre grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Martín out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Altuve singled to left. Correa singled to left, Altuve to second. Gattis struck out swinging. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Correa out at second, Altuve to third, Altuve scored on throwing error by shortstop Marte. Kemp walked, Gurriel to second. Bregman hit for Castro. Bregman singled to left center, Gurriel scored, Kemp to second. Stassi ran for Bregman. Marisnick safe at first on error by first baseman Lind, Kemp to third, Stassi to second. Springer hit ground rule double to deep right, Kemp and Stassi scored, Marisnick to third. González singled to center, Marisnick and Springer scored. Storen pitching for Mariners. Altuve popped out to second. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Stassi catching. Gustave pitching for Astros. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Aoki walked. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to second, Aoki out at second. Devenski pitching for Astros. Canó doubled to deep right center, Smith to third. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Altavilla pitching for Mariners. Correa struck out swinging. Gattis singled to left. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gattis out at second. Kemp flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Hernández in left field. Devenski pitching for Astros. Seager flied out to center. Lind flied out to center. Martín struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Nuño pitching for Mariners. Stassi struck out swinging. Marisnick grounded out to shortstop. Springer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Neshek pitching for Astros. Freeman hit for Sucre. Freeman popped out to third. Marte grounded out to pitcher. Vogelbach hit for Aoki. Vogelbach flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 4 - Astros 8.	Astros use big sixth inning to get 8-4 win over Mariners