Marlins - Top 1st . Davies pitching for Braves . Ramirez flied out to left . Uggla singled to left . Cabrera singled to left , Uggla to third . Willingham walked , Cabrera to second . Borchard grounded out to first , Uggla scored , Cabrera to third , Willingham to second . Jacobs popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Giles singled to center . Renteria struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . Giles caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Davies pitching for Braves . Olivo grounded out to pitcher . Abercrombie doubled to left . Johnson struck out swinging . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Jones reached on infield single to third , Jones to second on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera . McCann grounded out to second , Jones to third . Francoeur fouled out to second . Langerhans struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 3rd . Davies pitching for Braves . Uggla homered to right . Cabrera singled to center . Willingham hit ground rule double to deep center , Cabrera to third . Borchard walked . Jacobs doubled to right , Cabrera , Willingham and Borchard scored . Olivo popped out to shortstop . Paronto pitching for Braves . Abercrombie grounded out to pitcher . Johnson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Jordan doubled to left . Paronto struck out bunting foul . Giles walked . Renteria flied out to center . Jones flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Paronto pitching for Braves . Ramirez struck out looking . Uggla flied out to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Jones walked . McCann flied out to left . Francoeur flied out to right . Langerhans walked , Jones to second . Jordan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Paronto pitching for Braves . Willingham struck out swinging . Borchard struck out swinging . Jacobs doubled to deep center . Orr hit for Paronto . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Orr reached on infield single to shortstop . Giles reached on infield single to shortstop , Orr to second . Renteria struck out looking . Jones flied out to left . Jones singled to left , Orr scored , Giles to second . McCann singled to right , Giles scored , Jones to third . Ray pitching for Braves . Francoeur popped out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Aguila hit for Johnson . Ray pitching for Braves . Abercrombie grounded out to second . Aguila flied out to right . Herges pitching for Marlins . Ramirez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Herges pitching for Marlins . Langerhans singled to right . LaRoche hit for Ray . Jordan singled to center , Langerhans to second . LaRoche flied out to left . Giles flied out to right . Renteria singled to left center , Langerhans scored , Jordan to third . Jones walked , Renteria to second . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Jones singled to left , Jordan and Renteria scored , Jones to second . McCann homered to right , Jones and Jones scored . Francoeur reached on infield single to second . Langerhans hit by pitch , Francoeur to second . Villarreal pitching for Braves . LaRoche at first base . Jordan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Langerhans out at second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Uggla walked . Uggla to second on wild pitch by Villarreal . Cabrera struck out swinging . Willingham grounded out to shortstop , Uggla to third . Borchard walked . Jacobs homered to right , Uggla and Borchard scored . Olivo lined out to left . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . LaRoche doubled to left . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Treanor catching . Giles flied out to right . Renteria struck out swinging . Jones walked . Jones singled to center , LaRoche scored , Jones to third . McCann reached on infield single to shortstop , Jones scored , Jones to second . Remlinger pitching for Braves . Francoeur singled to right , Jones scored , McCann thrown out at third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Remlinger pitching for Braves . Abercrombie struck out swinging . Treanor struck out swinging . Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins . Ramirez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Betemit hit for Remlinger . Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins . Langerhans flied out to left . Betemit reached on infield single to first . LaRoche walked , Betemit to second . Giles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , LaRoche out at second , Betemit to third . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Renteria grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Uggla grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to second . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 8 - Braves 11 .	McCann drives in five to power Braves past Marlins