Marlins - Top 1st . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Ramirez flied out to right . Uggla flied out to left . Jacobs grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Soriano walked . Vidro flied out to left . Soriano stole second . Zimmerman walked . Johnson struck out swinging , Soriano stole third , Zimmerman stole second . Guillen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Hermida flied out to left . Borchard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Clayton grounded out to shortstop . Byrd homered to left . Schneider fouled out to third . Patterson reached on infield single to second . Soriano struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Abercrombie flied out to left . Treanor struck out swinging . Olsen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Vidro struck out swinging . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Ramirez walked . Ramirez stole second . Uggla doubled to right , Ramirez scored . Jacobs struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right , Uggla scored . Hermida struck out looking . Borchard singled to right , Cabrera to second . Abercrombie safe at first on error by second baseman Vidro , Cabrera to third , Borchard to second . Treanor popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Guillen flied out to right . Clayton struck out swinging . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Olsen singled to center . Ramirez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Olsen out at second . Uggla fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . LeCroy hit for Patterson . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Schneider grounded out to shortstop . LeCroy walked . Ortiz ran for LeCroy . Soriano doubled to left , Ortiz to third , Soriano to third , Ortiz thrown out at home attempting to advance on play . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Vidro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Jacobs singled to left center . Cabrera struck out swinging . Hermida struck out swinging . Borchard singled to center , Jacobs to second . Abercrombie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Borchard out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman walked . Johnson struck out swinging . Guillen fouled out to first . Clayton doubled to right center , Zimmerman to third , Zimmerman scored , Clayton to third on error by right fielder Hermida . R Clayton scored on throwing error by second baseman Uggla . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Byrd flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Treanor struck out looking . Willingham hit for Olsen . Willingham struck out swinging . Ramirez homered to left . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Uggla flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Ward hit for Rauch . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Schneider flied out to right . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Ward struck out looking . Bray pitching for Nationals . Soriano grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Bray pitching for Nationals . Jacobs grounded out to third . Cabrera singled to left . Hermida walked , Cabrera to second . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Borchard grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hermida out at second , Cabrera to third , Cabrera scored on throwing error by second baseman Vidro . Helms at first base . Abercrombie struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Vidro grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman singled to center . Johnson hit ground rule double to deep right , Zimmerman to third . Guillen intentionally walked . Borowski pitching for Marlins . Amezaga in left field . Clayton fouled out to first . Byrd grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Treanor flied out to center . Amezaga singled to center . Amezaga caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ramirez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Fick hit for Cordero . Borowski pitching for Marlins . Schneider flied out to left . Fick singled to left . Soriano singled to right center , Fick to second . Vidro flied out to left . Zimmerman homered to left , Fick and Soriano scored . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 4 - Nationals 6 .	Zimmerman 's 3 - run walk - off HR lifts Nats over Marlins