Marlins - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Uggla flied out to center . Jacobs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Soriano walked . Vidro walked , Soriano to second . Zimmerman hit by pitch , Soriano to third , Vidro to second . Johnson doubled to right , Soriano and Vidro scored , Zimmerman to third . Guillen grounded out to second , Zimmerman scored , Johnson to third . Anderson popped out to shortstop . Clayton singled to left , Johnson scored . Clayton stole second . Schneider intentionally walked . Hernandez singled to left , Clayton to third , Schneider to second . Clayton scored , Schneider to third on passed ball by Olivo . Soriano flied out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Cabrera walked . Willingham tripled to deep center , Cabrera scored . Hermida grounded out to second . Olivo hit ground rule double to deep center , Willingham scored . Abercrombie singled to center , Olivo scored , Abercrombie to second on error by center fielder Anderson . Sanchez singled to center , Abercrombie scored . Ramirez doubled to deep center , Sanchez to third . Uggla hit sacrifice fly to left , Sanchez scored , Ramirez to third . Bowie pitching for Nationals . Jacobs homered to right , Ramirez scored . Cabrera fouled out to first . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Vidro flied out to center . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Bowie pitching for Nationals . Willingham struck out looking . Hermida singled to left . Olivo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hermida out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Escobar hit for Anderson . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Guillen singled to center . Escobar fouled out to catcher . Clayton flied out to left . Schneider walked , Guillen to second . Escobar in center field . Bowie grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Bowie pitching for Nationals . Abercrombie flied out to right . Sanchez struck out swinging . Ramirez walked . Uggla walked , Ramirez to second . Jacobs flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Soriano flied out to center . Vidro grounded out to first . Zimmerman singled to right . Johnson singled to right , Zimmerman to third . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Guillen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Cabrera flied out to left . Willingham grounded out to third . Hermida singled to center . Olivo popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Escobar walked . Clayton flied out to left . Schneider grounded into double play , third to second to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Ross hit for Sanchez . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Abercrombie flied out to left . Ross struck out swinging . Kensing pitching for Marlins . LeCroy hit for Rauch . Ramirez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Kensing pitching for Marlins . LeCroy walked . Soriano struck out swinging . Vidro doubled to right , LeCroy to third . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Johnson intentionally walked . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Guillen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Uggla grounded out to second . Jacobs struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Escobar tripled to deep center . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Helms at first base . Clayton popped out to shortstop . Byrd hit for Majewski . Schneider hit sacrifice fly to deepcenter , Escobar scored , Schneider safe at second on error by left fielder Willingham . Schneider to second on error by left fielder Willingham . Byrd lined out to third . Soriano intentionally walked . Schneider to third , Soriano to second on passed ball by Olivo . Vidro walked . Zimmerman walked , Schneider scored , Soriano to third , Vidro to second . Bray pitching for Nationals . Johnson grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 8th . Bray pitching for Nationals . Willingham flied out to left . Hermida grounded out to first . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Guillen flied out to center . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Clayton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Bray pitching for Nationals . Abercrombie safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Bray . Helms struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . Borchard hit for Messenger . Uggla intentionally walked . Uggla stole second . Herges pitching for Marlins . Borchard flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Ward hit for Bray . Herges pitching for Marlins . Schneider grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz ran for Ward . Ward singled to left . Soriano singled to center , Ortiz to second . Vidro grounded out to first , Ortiz to third , Soriano to second . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Zimmerman popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 10th . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Cabrera flied out to right . Willingham hit by pitch . Hermida struck out swinging . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 10th . Herges pitching for Marlins . Johnson grounded out to third . Guillen flied out to right . Escobar walked . Clayton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 11th . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Abercrombie struck out swinging . Helms flied out to left . Ramirez singled to left . Jackson in right field . Ramirez stole second . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Amezaga at second base . Uggla fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 11th . Fick hit for Cordero . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Schneider safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez . Fick sacrificed to pitcher , Schneider to second . Soriano intentionally walked . Vidro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Soriano out at second , Schneider to third . Zimmerman singled to center , Schneider scored , Vidro to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Marlins 7 - Nationals 8 .	Zimmerman 's 11th - inning single lifts Nats past Marlins