Marlins - Top 1st . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Ramirez popped out to shortstop . Uggla singled to left . Cabrera grounded out to third , Uggla to second . Willingham walked . Jacobs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Giles walked . Giles stole second . Renteria struck out swinging . LaRoche reached on infield single to shortstop . Jones lined out to right . McCann fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Ross doubled to deep right center . Amezaga reached on infield single to shortstop , Ross to third . Olivo struck out swinging , Amezaga stole second . Sanchez struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Aybar singled to center . Langerhans grounded into double play , second to first to third to second to first to third , Aybar out at second , Aybar out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Uggla singled to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . Willingham struck out swinging . Jacobs grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Smoltz struck out looking . Giles grounded out to shortstop . Renteria singled to left . LaRoche grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Ross grounded out to shortstop . Amezaga grounded out to third . Olivo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Jones grounded out to shortstop . McCann struck out swinging . Francoeur flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Sanchez fouled out to first . Ramirez singled to center . Ramirez stole second . Uggla flied out to center , Ramirez to third . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Ramirez scored . Willingham walked , Cabrera to second . Jacobs grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Aybar grounded out to first . Langerhans grounded out to first . Smoltz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Ross struck out swinging . Amezaga grounded out to shortstop . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Giles singled to center . Renteria reached on infield single to shortstop , Giles to second . LaRoche fouled out to right , Giles to third . Jones safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez , Giles scored , Renteria to second . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Jones out at second , Renteria to third . Francoeur flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 7th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Sanchez struck out swinging . Ramirez doubled to left center . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera intentionally walked . Willingham fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Aybar singled to left . Langerhans grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Aybar out at second . Smoltz sacrificed to catcher , Langerhans to second . Giles doubled to deep center , Langerhans scored . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Jacobs grounded out to first . Ross singled to left . Helms hit for Olivo . Amezaga reached on infield single to shortstop , Ross to second . Treanor catching . Helms grounded into double play , third to second to first , Amezaga out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . LaRoche singled to center . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , LaRoche out at second . Wickman pitching for Braves . Borchard hit for Sanchez . McCann flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Wickman pitching for Braves . Borchard grounded out to second . Ramirez grounded out to second . Uggla struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 1 - Braves 2 .	Smoltz wins first in four starts as Braves hook Marlins