Phillies - Top 1st. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Hernández singled to right. Herrera struck out swinging. Hernández caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Altherr singled to center. Joseph grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Choo singled to right. Andrus singled to left, Choo to second. Mazara walked, Choo to third, Andrus to second. Lucroy hit sacrifice fly to center, Choo scored. Odor flied out to right, Andrus to third. Napoli walked, Mazara to second. Gallo struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Saunders singled to center. Franco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Saunders out at second. Nava singled to right. Rupp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nava out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Hoying singled to right. DeShields reached on bunt single to pitcher, Hoying to second, Hoying to third on throwing error by pitcher Eflin. Choo hit sacrifice fly to left, Hoying scored. Andrus singled to left, DeShields to third. Mazara grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Andrus out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 3rd. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Galvis grounded out to second. Hernández walked. Herrera flied out to left. Altherr lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Lucroy doubled to left. Odor grounded out to second, Lucroy to third. Napoli hit sacrifice fly to center, Lucroy scored. Gallo hit by pitch. Hoying doubled to right, Gallo to third. DeShields reached on bunt single to catcher. Gallo scored, Hoying to third, DeShields to second on wild pitch by Eflin. Choo singled to right, Hoying and DeShields scored. Andrus flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Joseph singled to left center. Saunders flied out to left. Franco grounded into double play, third to second to first, Joseph out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Mazara doubled to deep right. Lucroy popped out to second. Odor singled to left center, Mazara scored. Napoli grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Odor out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Nava singled to center. Rupp flied out to right. Galvis grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Nava out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. García pitching for Phillies. Gallo singled to right. Hoying homered to right (372 feet), Gallo scored. DeShields singled to center. Choo singled to center, DeShields to second. Andrus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Choo out at second, DeShields to third. Mazara walked. Lucroy flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Hernández grounded out to first. Herrera lined out to center. Altherr grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Blanco at shortstop. Garcia pitching for Phillies. Odor grounded out to second. Napoli popped out to second. Gallo popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Joseph doubled to deep center. Saunders homered to right (378 feet), Joseph scored. Franco lined out to left. Nava grounded out to second. Rupp struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Garcia pitching for Phillies. Hoying singled to center. DeShields reached on infield single to third, Hoying to second. Choo grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, DeShields out at second, Hoying to third. Andrus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Blanco lined out to left. Kelly hit for Hernández. Kelly struck out swinging. Herrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Kelly at second base. Neris pitching for Phillies. Mazara grounded out to first. Lucroy hit by pitch. Odor flied out to left. Napoli walked, Lucroy to second. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Gallo popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Kozma at shortstop. Bibens-Dirkx pitching for Rangers. Altherr hit by pitch. Joseph struck out swinging. Saunders fouled out to catcher. Franco singled to center, Altherr scored. Nava lined out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Rangers 9.	Cashner finally wins in home state, Rangers top Phillies 9-3