Rangers - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Choo flied out to right. Andrus flied out to center. Mazara struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Betts lined out to left. Pedroia grounded out to pitcher. Bogaerts struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Lucroy flied out to right. Odor grounded out to second. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Benintendi grounded out to pitcher. Ramírez walked. Moreland singled to center, Ramírez to second. Ramírez to third, Moreland to second on wild pitch by Cashner. Bradley Jr. walked. León grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramírez scored, Bradley Jr. out at second, Moreland to third. Marrero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Gallo doubled to deep left. Hoying singled to right, Gallo to third. DeShields hit sacrifice fly to right, Gallo scored. Choo flied out to left. Andrus lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Betts grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Bogaerts reached on infield single to third. Benintendi singled to left center, Bogaerts to third. Benintendi stole second. Bogaerts scored, Benintendi to third on wild pitch by Cashner. Ramírez lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Mazara singled to right. Lucroy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mazara out at second. Odor singled to right. Napoli grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Moreland lined out to center. Bradley Jr. flied out to left. León popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Gallo struck out swinging. Hoying struck out swinging. DeShields reached on infield single to pitcher. Choo doubled to left, DeShields scored. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Marrero singled to center. Betts singled to right, Marrero to second. Pedroia walked, Marrero to third, Betts to second. Bogaerts singled to left, Marrero and Betts scored, Pedroia to second. Benintendi walked, Pedroia to third, Bogaerts to second. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pedroia out at home, Bogaerts to third, Benintendi to second. Moreland hit sacrifice fly to left, Bogaerts scored, Benintendi out at third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Mazara grounded out to second. Lucroy flied out to left. Odor hit ground rule double to left. Napoli singled to right, Odor scored on throwing error by right fielder Betts. Gallo popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Álvarez pitching for Rangers. Bradley Jr. grounded out to third. León struck out swinging. Marrero walked. Jeffress pitching for Rangers. Betts walked, Marrero to second. Pedroia doubled to right, Marrero and Betts scored. Bogaerts doubled to center, Pedroia scored. Benintendi intentionally walked. Ramírez walked, Bogaerts to third, Benintendi to second. Bogaerts scored, Benintendi to third, Ramírez to second on wild pitch by Jeffress. Moreland struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Hoying singled to shallow left. DeShields hit by pitch, Hoying to second. Choo singled to left center, Hoying scored, DeShields to third. Andrus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, DeShields scored, Choo out at second. Mazara singled to deep right. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Lucroy doubled to deep center, Mazara thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. León doubled to left center. Marrero lined out to right. Betts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Scott pitching for Red Sox. Odor grounded out to third. Napoli grounded out to third. Gallo homered to right (372 feet). Hoying flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Pedroia singled to left center. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pedroia out at second. Benintendi singled to shallow left, Bogaerts to second. Ramírez struck out looking. Claudio pitching for Rangers. Moreland singled to center, Bogaerts scored, Benintendi to third. Benintendi scored, Moreland to second on balk by Claudio. Bradley Jr. grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. DeShields flied out to right. Choo grounded out to second. Andrus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - Red Sox 11.	Bogaerts has 3 hits, 3 RBIs as Red Sox beat Rangers 11-6