Marlins - Top 1st. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Gordon homered to right (395 feet). Stanton struck out swinging. Yelich homered to center (401 feet). Ozuna struck out swinging. Realmuto grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Urena pitching for Marlins. Choo walked. Andrus doubled to right center, Choo to third. Mazara hit sacrifice fly to right, Choo scored, Andrus to third. Beltré walked. Napoli flied out to right. Odor grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Dietrich struck out looking. Telis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Urena pitching for Marlins. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. Gallo struck out swinging. Robinson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Aviles flied out to left. Gordon grounded out to second. Stanton walked. Yelich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Urena pitching for Marlins. Choo grounded out to first. Andrus grounded out to pitcher. Mazara grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Ozuna doubled to deep left. Realmuto singled to left, Ozuna to third. Suzuki hit ground rule double to deep center, Ozuna scored, Realmuto to third. Dietrich singled to center, Realmuto and Suzuki scored. Telis struck out swinging. Aviles flied out to center. Gordon singled to right, Dietrich to second. Stanton singled to center, Dietrich scored, Gordon to third. Yelich walked, Stanton to second. Ozuna tripled to right center, Gordon, Stanton and Yelich scored. Jeffress pitching for Rangers. Realmuto homered to left (391 feet), Ozuna scored. Suzuki walked. Dietrich lined out to center. 9 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Beltré homered to left (402 feet). Napoli singled to center. Odor grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Napoli out at second. Lucroy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Odor out at second. Gallo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Jeffress pitching for Rangers. Telis grounded out to catcher. Aviles grounded out to shortstop. Gordon grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Robinson grounded out to second. Choo struck out swinging. Andrus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Jeffress pitching for Rangers. Stanton struck out swinging. Yelich doubled to deep left center. Ozuna struck out swinging. Realmuto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Mazara walked. Beltré doubled to deep right center, Mazara scored. Napoli walked. García pitching for Marlins. Odor popped out to shortstop. Lucroy singled to shallow right, Beltré to third, Napoli to second. Gallo reached on infield single to second, Beltré scored, Napoli to third, Lucroy to second. Gómez hit for Robinson. Gómez hit sacrifice fly to right, Napoli scored. Choo grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Gómez in center field. Bibens-Dirkx pitching for Rangers. Suzuki walked. Dietrich flied out to left. Telis tripled to deep right, Suzuki scored. Aviles singled to left, Telis scored. Gordon grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first to shortstop, Aviles out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Moore at first base. Garcia pitching for Marlins. Andrus fouled out to first. Mazara flied out to right. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. Beltré doubled to deep center. Napoli lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Grilli pitching for Rangers. Stanton homered to left center (468 feet). Yelich doubled to deep center. Ozuna walked. Realmuto struck out swinging. Suzuki walked, Yelich to third, Ozuna to second. Leclerc pitching for Rangers. Dietrich doubled to right center, Yelich and Ozuna scored, Suzuki to third. Suzuki scored, Dietrich to third on wild pitch by Leclerc. Moore struck out looking. Aviles singled to center, Dietrich scored. Gordon struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. Odor doubled to deep right. Lucroy singled to center, Odor to third. Gallo grounded out to second, Odor scored, Lucroy to second. Gómez walked. Choo walked, Lucroy to third, Gómez to second. Steckenrider pitching for Marlins. Andrus struck out swinging. Mazara doubled to left, Lucroy and Gómez scored, Choo to third. DeShields hit for Beltré. DeShields flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. DeShields in left field. Gallo at third base. Nicholas pitching for Rangers. Stanton reached on infield single to third. Yelich doubled to right, Stanton to third. Ozuna doubled to deep center, Stanton and Yelich scored. Realmuto doubled to center, Ozuna scored. Suzuki singled to shallow left, Realmuto to third. Dietrich hit sacrifice fly to center, Realmuto scored. Moore flied out to right. Aviles popped out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Napoli hit by pitch. Odor grounded into fielder's choice to first, Napoli out at second. Lucroy walked, Odor to second. Gallo walked, Odor to third, Lucroy to second. Gómez hit by pitch, Odor scored, Lucroy to third, Gallo to second. Choo grounded out to first, Lucroy scored, Gallo to third, Gómez to second. Andrus fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 22 - Rangers 10.	Marlins record 22-10 win vs Texas, Darvish; Beltre 3 hits