Rangers - Top 1st. Fiers pitching for Astros. Choo struck out looking. Andrus grounded out to third. Mazara grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Springer reached on infield single to second. Bregman singled to left, Springer to second. Altuve grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bregman out at second, Springer to third. Gurriel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Fiers pitching for Astros. Beltré singled to center. Gallo walked, Beltré to second. Gómez lined out to right, Beltré to third. Gallo stole second. Napoli flied out to right. Odor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Gattis struck out looking. Beltrán grounded out to shortstop. González grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Fiers pitching for Astros. Chirinos walked. Choo singled to right, Chirinos to second. Andrus singled to right, Chirinos to third, Choo to second. Chirinos scored, Choo to third, Andrus to second on wild pitch by Fiers. Mazara struck out swinging. Beltré grounded out to third, Choo scored, Andrus to third. Gallo homered to right center (415 feet), Andrus scored. Gómez grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Marisnick walked. Springer hit by pitch, Marisnick to second. Bregman singled to shallow right, Marisnick scored, Springer to third. Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop, Springer scored, Bregman to second. Gurriel singled to left, Bregman to third, Altuve to second. Gattis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gurriel out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Fiers pitching for Astros. Napoli walked. Odor grounded into fielder's choice to first, Napoli out at second. Chirinos singled to right, Odor to second. Choo singled to left center, Odor scored, Chirinos to second. Andrus doubled to deep right, Chirinos scored, Choo to third. Mazara popped out to shortstop. Beltré singled to right, Choo and Andrus scored. Gallo lined out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Beltrán struck out looking. González grounded out to third. Davis singled to right center. Marisnick lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Martes pitching for Astros. Gómez grounded out to shortstop. Napoli struck out swinging. Odor struck out swinging, Odor safe at on error by player player, Odor to first on throwing error by catcher Gattis. Odor stole second. Chirinos hit by pitch. Choo homered to left (365 feet), Odor and Chirinos scored. Andrus tripled to right. Mazara grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Springer struck out looking. Bregman singled to center. Altuve struck out looking. Gurriel singled to right center, Bregman to third. Gattis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gurriel out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Harris pitching for Astros. Beltré grounded out to third. Gallo lined out to second. Gómez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Beltrán grounded out to shortstop. González flied out to right. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Gregerson pitching for Astros. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. Odor doubled to left. Chirinos walked. Choo grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Chirinos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Marisnick grounded out to third. Springer walked. Bregman flied out to center. Altuve flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Clippard pitching for Astros. Andrus doubled to left. Andrus to third on wild pitch by Clippard. Mazara singled to right, Andrus scored. Beltré singled to left, Mazara to second. Robinson ran for Beltré. Mazara to third on wild pitch by Clippard. Gallo struck out swinging. Gómez popped out to shortstop. Napoli struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Robinson at third base. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Gurriel flied out to center. Gattis flied out to right. Fisher hit for Beltrán. Fisher hit by pitch. González flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Bregman at third base. Fisher in left field. González at shortstop. Davis pitching for Astros. Odor popped out to third. Chirinos grounded out to shortstop. Choo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Grilli pitching for Rangers. Davis doubled to left. Davis to third on wild pitch by Grilli. Marisnick fouled out to catcher. Springer struck out swinging. Bregman lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 12 - Astros 2.	Choo paces Rangers' 12-2 rout of Astros in Florida