Athletics - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Semien popped out to second. Joyce singled to right. Lowrie lined out to right. Davis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Manaea pitching for Athletics. DeShields flied out to right. Andrus lined out to center. Mazara singled to right. Rua singled to left, Mazara to second. Gallo hit by pitch, Mazara to third, Rua to second. Middlebrooks grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Healy grounded out to second. Chapman walked. Maxwell struck out looking. Canha grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Calhoun struck out swinging. Jiménez struck out swinging. Robinson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Smolinski lined out to left. Semien struck out swinging. Joyce popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. DeShields fouled out to second. Andrus walked. Mazara grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Andrus out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Lowrie grounded out to first. Davis struck out swinging. Healy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Rua grounded out to third. Gallo struck out swinging. Middlebrooks grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Chapman homered to center (413 feet). Maxwell flied out to left. Canha flied out to left. Smolinski grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Calhoun safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Semien. Jiménez sacrificed to third, Calhoun to third. Robinson singled to left, Calhoun scored. DeShields struck out swinging. Andrus flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Semien flied out to center. Joyce struck out swinging. Lowrie singled to left center. Davis doubled to left center, Lowrie to third. Healy singled to center, Lowrie and Davis scored, Healy out stretching at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Mazara grounded out to pitcher. Rua flied out to right. Gallo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Gardewine pitching for Rangers. Chapman grounded out to pitcher. Maxwell singled to deep left. Canha grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Maxwell out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Middlebrooks walked. Calhoun hit by pitch, Middlebrooks to second. Jiménez bunt popped out to pitcher. Robinson struck out swinging. DeShields walked, Middlebrooks to third, Calhoun to second. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Andrus lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Bush pitching for Rangers. Smolinski struck out swinging. Semien safe at second on error by third baseman Middlebrooks. Joyce grounded out to second, Semien to third. Lowrie popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Hatcher pitching for Athletics. Mazara struck out swinging. Odor hit for Rua. Odor grounded out to second. Gallo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Hoying in left field. Bush pitching for Rangers. Davis singled to center. Healy reached on infield single to shortstop, Davis to second. Chapman singled to center, Davis scored, Healy to second. Claudio pitching for Rangers. Maxwell sacrificed to third, Healy to third, Chapman to second. Canha grounded into fielder's choice to third, Healy out at home, Chapman to third. Smolinski hit by pitch, Canha to second. Semien grounded into fielder's choice to third, Canha out at third, Smolinski to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Treinen pitching for Athletics. Choo hit for Middlebrooks. Choo walked. Calhoun singled to right center, Choo to second. Nicholas hit for Jiménez. Nicholas grounded into fielder's choice to second, Calhoun out at second, Choo to third. Robinson struck out looking. DeShields grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nicholas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 4 - Rangers 1.	Healy, Manaea lead A's past slumping Rangers 4-1