Athletics - Top 1st. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Semien lined out to left. Joyce grounded out to shortstop. Lowrie popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Gossett pitching for Athletics. DeShields flied out to center. Calhoun grounded out to first. Andrus lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Davis struck out swinging. Healy safe at first on error by second baseman Odor. Chapman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Healy safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Robinson. Maxwell walked, Chapman to second. Canha grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Maxwell out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Gossett pitching for Athletics. Mazara singled to right center. Gallo homered to center (434 feet), Mazara scored. Robinson flied out to center. Nicholas lined out to left. Odor doubled to right. Hoying doubled to left, Odor scored. Hoying to third on wild pitch by Gossett. DeShields singled to left, Hoying scored. Calhoun walked, DeShields to second. Castro pitching for Athletics. Andrus grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Smolinski reached on infield single to third. Semien singled to center, Smolinski to second. Joyce flied out to center. Lowrie grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Semien out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Castro pitching for Athletics. Mazara struck out swinging. Gallo homered to right (431 feet). Robinson walked. Nicholas struck out swinging. Robinson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Odor batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Davis singled to left, Davis to second on error by left fielder Calhoun. Healy flied out to right, Davis to third. Chapman popped out to first. Maxwell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Odor singled to center. Hoying struck out swinging. Odor stole second. DeShields lined out to left. Calhoun flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Canha grounded out to shortstop. Smolinski grounded out to pitcher. Semien popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Andrus lined out to center. Mazara grounded out to first. Gallo walked. Moll pitching for Athletics. Robinson singled to right, Gallo to third. Nicholas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Cashner pitching for Rangers. Joyce singled to left. Lowrie walked, Joyce to second. Davis doubled to deep right, Joyce scored, Lowrie to third. Healy flied out to right. Chapman grounded out to shortstop, Lowrie scored, Davis to third. Maxwell struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Moll pitching for Athletics. Odor lined out to center. Hoying singled to center. Dull pitching for Athletics. Hoying stole second. DeShields walked. Calhoun singled to right, Hoying scored, DeShields thrown out at third. Andrus doubled to deep center, Calhoun scored. Mazara fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Rangers. Canha struck out swinging. Smolinski grounded out to shortstop. Semien struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Gallo walked. Robinson flied out to right. Nicholas singled to shallow left, Gallo to third. Odor reached on infield single to pitcher, Gallo scored, Nicholas to third, Nicholas to third, Odor to second on throwing error by pitcher Casilla.Nicholas out at home in rundown. Hoying popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 8th. Bush pitching for Rangers. Joyce homered to right (378 feet). Lowrie lined out to center. Davis hit by pitch. Healy flied out to right. Chapman singled to center, Davis to second. Maxwell struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Núñez in left field. Canha in right field. Brady pitching for Athletics. DeShields struck out swinging. Calhoun flied out to right. Andrus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Middlebrooks at third base. Robinson at shortstop. Espino pitching for Rangers. Canha grounded out to third. Smolinski struck out looking. Semien homered to left (402 feet). Núñez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 4 - Rangers 8.	Gallo hits HRs 40, 41 to lift Rangers over A's 8-4