Mariners - Top 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . Haniger flied out to right . France doubled to right . Seager singled to shallow right , France scored . Marmolejos flied out to center . White singled to right , Seager to second . Trammell hit by pitch , White to second , Seager to third . Torrens grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Trammell out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Arroyo grounded out to second . Verdugo grounded out to first . Martinez lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . Haggerty singled to left . Crawford lined out to left . Haggerty stole second . Haniger struck out swinging . France reached on infield single to third , Haggerty to third . Seager tripled to second , Haggerty scored and France scored . Seager scored on Eovaldi wild pitch . Marmolejos struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Bogaerts singled to left . Devers grounded out to pitcher , Bogaerts to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Dalbec grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . White grounded out to shortstop . Trammell popped out to third . Torrens struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Cordero struck out swinging . Plawecki struck out looking . Arroyo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . Haggerty lined out to center . Crawford grounded out to second . Haniger grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Verdugo singled to left . Martinez walked , Verdugo to second . Bogaerts flied out to left . Devers grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . France lined out to first . Seager doubled to deep center . Marmolejos popped out to shortstop . Seager to third on wild pitch by Eovaldi . White walked . Trammell reached on infield single to second , Seager scored , White to second . Torrens popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . Dalbec struck out looking . Cordero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Brice pitching for Red Sox . Haggerty struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to center . Haniger lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Plawecki struck out swinging . Arroyo grounded out to third . Verdugo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Brice pitching for Red Sox . France doubled to deep center . Taylor pitching for Red Sox . Seager struck out swinging . Marmolejos popped out to third . France to third on passed ball by Plawecki . White struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Martinez hit by pitch . Bogaerts grounded into double play , third to second to first , Martinez out at second . Devers doubled to deep left center . Gonzalez singled to center , Devers scored . Dalbec grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Taylor pitching for Red Sox . Trammell struck out swinging . Torrens grounded out to second . Haggerty homered to left center ( 406 feet ) . Crawford singled to shallow left center . Valdéz pitching for Red Sox . Haniger grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Middleton pitching for Mariners . Cordero struck out swinging . Plawecki flied out to right . Arroyo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Valdez pitching for Red Sox . France walked . Seager fouled out to third . Marmolejos walked , France to second . Marmolejos to second on wild pitch by Valdéz , France to third on wild pitch by Valdéz . White singled to left , France scored , Marmolejos to third . Trammell struck out swinging . Torrens hit by pitch , White to second . Haggerty reached on infield single to first , Marmolejos scored , Torrens to second , White to third . Crawford struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Vest pitching for Mariners . Verdugo doubled to right . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . Bogaerts lined out to right . Devers doubled to deep center , Verdugo scored . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Red Sox 2 .	Seager ( 1B , 2B , 3B ) , Flexen lead Mariners past Red Sox 8 - 2