Mariners - Top 1st . Dunning pitching for Rangers . Crawford flied out to center . Haniger struck out swinging . Lewis reached on infield single to catcher . Seager grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Kiner - Falefa singled to shallow left . Solak flied out to center . Lowe singled to left , Kiner - Falefa to second . García grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lowe out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Dunning pitching for Rangers . Moore struck out looking . Marmolejos struck out looking . Murphy singled to right . White struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Gallo fouled out to catcher . Davis struck out swinging . Calhoun doubled to deep center . Culberson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Dunning pitching for Rangers . Trammell grounded out to third . Crawford struck out swinging . Haniger struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Trevino struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Seager . Solak grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kiner - Falefa safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Moore . Lowe struck out looking . García singled to center , Kiner - Falefa scored , Solak to third . Justus Sheffield pitches to Joey Gallo . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Dunning pitching for Rangers . Lewis grounded out to shortstop . Seager walked . Moore singled to right , Seager to second . Marmolejos struck out swinging . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Gallo reached on bunt single to third . Davis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gallo out at second . Calhoun grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Dunning pitching for Rangers . White walked . Trammell struck out swinging . Crawford singled to left , White to second . Haniger singled to right , White scored , Crawford to third . Lewis struck out swinging . Seager reached on infield single to shortstop , Crawford scored , Haniger to second . Moore walked , Seager to second , Haniger to third . Marmolejos grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Culberson homered to left ( 400 feet ) . Trevino safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Crawford . Kiner - Falefa singled to right , Trevino to second . Solak doubled to left , Kiner - Falefa scored and Trevino scored . Lowe singled to left , Solak to third . García homered to left center ( 400 feet ) , Solak scored and Lowe scored . Gallo struck out swinging . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Calhoun popped out to second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Murphy walked . White lined out to left . Haggerty hit for Trammell . Haggerty lined out to center . Crawford singled to left center , Murphy to second . Haniger struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Haggerty in left field . Mills pitching for Mariners . Culberson singled to center . Trevino singled to shallow right , Culberson to third . Kiner - Falefa grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Culberson scored , Trevino out at second . Solak walked . Lowe walked , Solak to second . García singled to deep center , Solak scored , Lowe to third . Chargois pitching for Mariners . García stole second . Gallo struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Lewis singled to left . Seager popped out to third . Moore grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lewis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Chargois pitching for Mariners . Davis grounded out to third . Calhoun flied out to left . Culberson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . de Geus pitching for Rangers . Marmolejos walked . Murphy struck out swinging . White singled to right center , Marmolejos to second . Haggerty grounded into fielder 's choice to first , White out at second , Marmolejos to third . Haggerty to second on fielder 's indifference . Crawford popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Montero pitching for Mariners . Trevino struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa doubled to right . Kiner - Falefa to third on wild pitch by Montero . Solak grounded out to third , Kiner - Falefa scored . Lowe lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . de Geus pitching for Rangers . Haniger singled to right . Lewis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Haniger out at second . Seager lined out to center . Moore grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 2 - Rangers 10 .	García homers , drives in 5 as Rangers beat Mariners 10 - 2