Mariners - Top 1st . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Kelenic grounded out to shortstop . Haniger grounded out to third . Seager lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Dugger pitching for Mariners . Canha walked . Olson struck out swinging . Laureano walked , Canha to second . Brown hit ground rule double to deep left , Canha scored , Laureano to third . Chapman hit sacrifice fly to left , Laureano scored . Piscotty grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Lewis flied out to left . Crawford struck out swinging . France flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Dugger pitching for Mariners . Kemp singled to left . Andrus lined out to left . Garcia singled to center , Kemp to second . Canha grounded into double play , third to second to first , Garcia out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Walton struck out looking . Campbell grounded out to third . Godoy walked . Kelenic flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Dugger pitching for Mariners . Olson homered to right ( 350 feet ) . Laureano walked . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Laureano out at second . Chapman flied out to center . Piscotty grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brown out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Haniger singled to right . Seager struck out swinging . Lewis singled to center , Haniger to second . Crawford flied out to left . France walked , Lewis to second , Haniger to third . Walton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Dugger pitching for Mariners . Kemp fouled out to shortstop . Andrus singled to left . Garcia hit by pitch , Andrus to second . Mills pitching for Mariners . Canha walked , Garcia to second , Andrus to third . Olson hit sacrifice fly to center , Andrus scored . Laureano singled to left center , Garcia scored , Canha to third . Brown singled to center , Canha scored , Laureano to second . Brown to second on wild pitch by Mills , Laureano to third on wild pitch by Mills . Chapman walked . Piscotty grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Campbell lined out to center . Godoy flied out to left . Kelenic fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Mills pitching for Mariners . Kemp struck out swinging . Andrus reached on infield single to third . Garcia lined into double play , second to first , Andrus doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Haniger struck out looking . Seager flied out to center . Lewis lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Misiewicz pitching for Mariners . Canha struck out swinging . Olson struck out looking . Laureano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Crawford grounded out to first . France fouled out to first . Walton lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Brown struck out swinging . Chapman flied out to right . Piscotty grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Campbell singled to deep right . Godoy singled to deep right , Campbell to third . Kelenic grounded out to first , Campbell scored , Godoy to second . Haniger doubled to center , Godoy scored . Seager singled to right , Haniger scored . Lewis flied out to right . Diekman pitching for Athletics . Crawford struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Kemp walked . Andrus fouled out to first . Garcia grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kemp out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Diekman pitching for Athletics . France singled to right center . Nottingham hit for Walton . Nottingham popped out to third . Campbell lined out to left . Murphy hit for Godoy . Murphy walked , France to second . Kelenic flied out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Athletics 6 .	Kaprielian tosses 7 scoreless innings , A ’s beat Mariners 6 - 3