Mariners - Top 1st . Howard pitching for Rangers . Crawford singled to shallow right center . Haniger singled to right , Crawford to second . Seager doubled to right , Crawford scored , Haniger to third . France grounded out to second , Haniger scored , Seager to third . Toro flied out to left . Fraley struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Hernández hit by pitch . Kiner - Falefa singled to center , Hernández to second . García struck out swinging . Lowe grounded out to second , Kiner - Falefa to second , Hernández to third . Heim fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Howard pitching for Rangers . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . Bauers singled to right . Moore struck out swinging . Bauers stole second . Crawford walked . Haniger homered to left ( 372 feet ) , Bauers scored and Crawford scored . Seager struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Peters grounded out to third . Holt popped out to shortstop . Ibáñez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Rangers . France singled to left . France to second on wild pitch by Anderson . Toro singled to right , France scored . Fraley struck out swinging . Murphy popped out to shortstop . Bauers singled to center , Toro to third . Moore walked , Bauers to second . Crawford lined out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Martin lined out to second . Hernández grounded out to first . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Rangers . Haniger popped out to shortstop . Seager lined out to center . France singled to right center . Toro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . García walked . Lowe grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , García out at second . Heim flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Rangers . Fraley struck out looking . Murphy flied out to center . Bauers flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Peters reached on infield single to first . Holt flied out to center . Ibáñez singled to center , Peters to second , Peters safe at third on fielding error by center fielder Fraley . Martin hit sacrifice fly to right , Peters scored . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ibáñez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Rangers . Moore fouled out to first . Crawford singled to shallow left . Haniger flied out to center . Seager grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to second . García homered to right ( 369 feet ) . Lowe struck out looking . Heim lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Anderson pitching for Rangers . France struck out swinging . Toro flied out to left . Fraley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Peters struck out swinging . Holt struck out swinging . Ibáñez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Evans pitching for Rangers . Murphy struck out looking . Bauers walked . Moore walked , Bauers to second . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Moore out at second , Bauers to third . Haniger walked , Crawford to second . Seager walked , Bauers scored , Haniger to second , Crawford to third . Santana pitching for Rangers . France struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Sadler pitching for Mariners . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Hernández grounded out to first . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Patton pitching for Rangers . Toro grounded out to shortstop . Fraley singled to center . Murphy struck out swinging . Bauers flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Misiewicz pitching for Mariners . García singled to left center . Lowe singled to left center , García to second . Heim doubled to deep right , García scored , Lowe to third . Castillo pitching for Mariners . Peters struck out swinging . Holt walked , Lowe scored on Castillo wild pitch , Heim to third on wild pitch by Castillo . Ibáñez struck out swinging . Martin homered to right ( 384 feet ) , Heim scored and Holt scored . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 10th . Barlow pitching for Rangers . Moore struck out looking . Crawford popped out to second . Haniger struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 10th . Smith pitching for Mariners . Kiner - Falefa intentionally walked . García grounded into double play , third to second to second to first to shortstop , Kiner - Falefa out at second , Hernández thrown out at home . García to second on passed ball by Murphy . Lowe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 11th . Barlow pitching for Rangers . Seager flied out to left . France homered to left ( 400 feet ) , Haniger scored . Toro grounded out to second . Fraley flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 11th . Sewald pitching for Mariners . Heim popped out to shortstop . Peters struck out swinging . Holt singled to right , Lowe scored . Culberson ran for Holt . Ibáñez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 9 - Rangers 8 .	Seattle sweep : France 11th - inning HR as M 's win 9 - 8 at Texas