Mariners - Top 1st . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . Crawford struck out swinging . Haniger grounded out to shortstop . Seager lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Altuve walked . Bregman flied out to center , Altuve to second . Altuve picked off and caught stealing second . Alvarez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . France walked . Toro flied out to left . Marmolejos walked , France to second . Kelenic singled to center , Marmolejos to second , France to third . Bauers lined out to left . Raleigh grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Correa walked . Gurriel walked , Correa to second . Tucker walked , Gurriel to second , Correa to third . Díaz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Correa scored and Gurriel scored , Tucker to second , Tucker safe at third on fielding error by second baseman Toro . Meyers homered to left ( 400 feet ) , Tucker scored and Díaz scored . Maldonado flied out to center . Altuve doubled to left . Bregman grounded out to shortstop . Alvarez doubled to deep center , Altuve scored . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Correa walked . Gurriel grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Correa out at second . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . Crawford walked . Haniger singled to left center , Crawford to second . Seager grounded out to pitcher , Haniger to second , Crawford to third . France struck out looking . Toro doubled to deep left , Crawford scored and Haniger scored . Marmolejos flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Tucker grounded out to shortstop . Díaz doubled to left . Meyers grounded out to shortstop . Maldonado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . Kelenic struck out swinging . Bauers grounded out to first . Raleigh struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Altuve doubled to deep center . Bregman lined out to shortstop . Alvarez flied out to center . Correa flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . Crawford lined out to right . Haniger struck out swinging . Seager flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Gurriel singled to center . Tucker doubled to right , Gurriel to third . Smith pitching for Mariners . Díaz struck out swinging . Meyers singled to center , Gurriel scored , Tucker to third . Maldonado flied out to right . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tucker scored , Meyers safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Seager . Bregman walked , Altuve to second , Meyers to third . Doolittle pitching for Mariners . Alvarez struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . France singled to left , France out stretching at second . Toro walked . Marmolejos struck out swinging . Kelenic struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Doolittle pitching for Mariners . Correa doubled to left . Gurriel singled to left center , Correa to third . Tucker doubled to deep left center , Correa scored and Gurriel scored . Díaz walked . Díaz to second on wild pitch by Doolittle , Tucker to third on wild pitch by Doolittle . Meyers struck out swinging . Maldonado flied out to left . Altuve walked . Bregman singled to center , Tucker scored , Altuve to second , Díaz to third . Alvarez flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Bielak pitching for Astros . Bauers walked . Raleigh struck out swinging . Crawford grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bauers out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Moore in left field . Bauers in right field . Andriese pitching for Mariners . Correa singled to right . Gurriel lined out to left . Tucker singled to center , Correa to second . Díaz lined out to second . Meyers struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Gonzalez at third base . Siri in left field . Bielak pitching for Astros . Moore walked . Seager struck out swinging . France grounded into double play , third to second to first , Moore out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Torrens at third base . Andriese pitching for Mariners . Maldonado lined out to center . Altuve grounded out to third . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Bielak pitching for Astros . Toro reached on infield single . Marmolejos struck out swinging . Kelenic walked , Toro to second . Bauers walked , Kelenic to second , Toro to third . Raleigh grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Bauers out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 2 - Astros 11 .	Meyers has homer , 4 RBIs as Astros rout Mariners 11 - 2