Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Ahmed grounded out to catcher . Marte struck out swinging . Varsho struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford popped out to shortstop . Haniger flied out to right . France popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Walker struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager walked . Toro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Seager out at second . Torrens grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Toro out at second . Murphy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Beer doubled to deep center . Young grounded out to second , Beer to third . VanMeter singled to shallow center , Beer scored . Ahmed grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , VanMeter out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Kelenic flied out to center . Moore lined out to center . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Marte struck out looking . Varsho reached on bunt single to first . Walker singled to right , Varsho to second . Peralta walked , Walker to second , Varsho to third . Ramos struck out swinging . Beer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Haniger homered to center ( 407 feet ) . France lined out to left . Seager flied out to shortstop . Toro lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Young singled to right . VanMeter grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young out at second . Ahmed singled to shallow right , VanMeter to second . Marte struck out swinging . Varsho grounded into fielder 's choice to third , VanMeter out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrens grounded out to shortstop . Murphy popped out to first . Kelenic grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Misiewicz pitching for Mariners . Walker singled to left . Peralta doubled to right , Walker to third . Ramos doubled to deep left , Peralta scored and Walker scored . Beer singled to right , Ramos scored . Sadler pitching for Mariners . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Beer out at second . VanMeter struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Moore homered to left ( 404 feet ) . Crawford lined out to center . Poppen pitching for Diamondbacks . Haniger walked . France grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Haniger safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Young . Seager flied out to center . Aguilar pitching for Diamondbacks . Toro walked , France to second , Haniger to third . Torrens grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Swanson pitching for Mariners . Ahmed popped out to shortstop . Marte homered to right center ( 426 feet ) . Varsho flied out to right . Walker popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Bauers hit for Murphy . Widener pitching for Diamondbacks . Bauers struck out swinging . Kelenic walked . Marmolejos hit for Moore . Marmolejos fouled out to third . Crawford flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Bauers in left field . Raleigh catching . Doolittle pitching for Mariners . Peralta flied out to center . Ramos struck out swinging . Beer flied out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Ramirez pitching for Diamondbacks . Haniger grounded out to third . France safe at first on fielding error by third baseman VanMeter . Seager flied out to left . Toro lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Smith pitching for Mariners . Young struck out swinging . VanMeter flied out to center . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Rojas at third base . VanMeter at second base . Wendelken pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrens reached on infield single to third . Bauers flied out to right . Kelenic homered to right ( 428 feet ) , Torrens scored . Raleigh struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Mariners 4 .	Gilbert sharp as Diamondbacks hurt Mariners again in 5 - 4 win