Red Sox - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Mariners . Hernández struck out swinging . Renfroe flied out to right . Bogaerts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . Crawford singled to right . Haniger struck out swinging . Seager struck out swinging . France struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Mariners . Devers singled to center . Martinez struck out swinging . Dalbec flied out to left . Plawecki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . Toro fouled out to catcher . Kelenic flied out to left . Fraley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Mariners . Verdugo grounded out to pitcher . Iglesias popped out to shortstop . Hernández walked . Renfroe walked , Hernández to second . Bogaerts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . Bauers flied out to center . Raleigh struck out swinging . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Mariners . Devers struck out swinging . Martinez homered to center ( 414 feet ) . Dalbec grounded out to shortstop . Plawecki grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . Haniger singled to left . Seager reached on infield single to third , Haniger to second . France singled to center , Haniger scored , Seager to second . Toro safe at first on fielding error by right fielder Renfroe , France safe at second on error , Seager safe at third on error . Kelenic struck out swinging . Fraley hit sacrifice fly to center , Seager scored . Bauers struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Mariners . Verdugo singled to center . Iglesias singled to center , Verdugo to second . Hernández lined out to right . Sadler pitching for Mariners . Renfroe struck out looking . Bogaerts grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Iglesias out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . Raleigh doubled to right . Crawford flied out to center . Haniger struck out swinging . Seager intentionally walked . Seager to second on wild pitch by Eovaldi , Raleigh to third on wild pitch by Eovaldi . France grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Misiewicz pitching for Mariners . Devers grounded out to first . Martinez struck out swinging . Dalbec homered to right ( 367 feet ) . Plawecki reached on infield single to catcher . Verdugo flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Red Sox . Toro grounded out to third . Kelenic struck out looking . Fraley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Smith pitching for Mariners . Iglesias struck out swinging . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Renfroe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Torrens hit for Bauers . Hernandez pitching for Red Sox . Torrens fouled out to right . Raleigh struck out looking . Crawford walked . Ottavino pitching for Red Sox . Haniger grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Torrens as designated hitter . Smith pitching for Mariners . Bogaerts tripled to deep right . Steckenrider pitching for Mariners . Devers walked . Martinez grounded out to third , Devers to second . Shaw hit for Dalbec . Shaw walked . Schwarber hit for Plawecki . Schwarber doubled to deep right center , Bogaerts scored , Shaw scored on error and Devers scored , Schwarber safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Toro . Vázquez ran for Schwarber . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Verdugo homered to right ( 348 feet ) , Vázquez scored . Iglesias hit by pitch . Hernández flied out to center . Iglesias to second on wild pitch by Ramirez . Renfroe struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Shaw at first base . Vázquez catching . Feliz pitching for Red Sox . Seager walked . France flied out to left . Toro grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Seager out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Andriese pitching for Mariners . Bogaerts singled to center . Devers hit by pitch , Bogaerts to second . Martinez singled to center , Bogaerts scored , Devers to third . Shaw fouled out to catcher . Vázquez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Sawamura pitching for Red Sox . Kelenic struck out swinging . Fraley safe at first on error by first baseman Shaw . Torrens reached on infield single to shortstop , Fraley to second . Raleigh reached on infield single to shortstop , Torrens to second , Fraley to third . Davis pitching for Red Sox . Crawford hit sacrifice fly to left , Fraley scored . Haniger singled to left , Torrens scored , Raleigh to second . Seager struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Red Sox 8 - Mariners 4 .	Schwarber 's 3 - run double lifts Red Sox over Mariners 8 - 4