Angels - Top 1st . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Izturis struck out swinging . Kendrick flied out to right . Abreu walked . Hunter singled to left , Abreu to third . Matsui flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Figgins grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . Gutierrez singled to center . Gutierrez stole second . Lopez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Napoli flied out to left . Rivera walked . Wilson struck out swinging . Rivera caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Bradley flied out to left . Jo Wilson singled to center . Kotchman popped out to shortstop . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jo Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Aybar flied out to left . Izturis doubled to right . Kendrick singled to shallow left , Izturis to third . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to left , Izturis scored . Hunter popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Saunders reached on bunt single to second . Suzuki walked , Saunders to second . Figgins bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Saunders out at third , Suzuki to second . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Lopez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Matsui lined out to first . Napoli doubled to deep center . Rivera flied out to center , Napoli to third . Wilson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Bradley hit by pitch . Jo Wilson popped out to second . Bradley stole second . Kotchman grounded out to first , Bradley to third . Johnson walked . Saunders grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Aybar flied out to left . Izturis walked . Kendrick flied out to right . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Suzuki doubled to shallow left . Figgins reached on bunt single to third , Suzuki to third . Figgins stole second . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop , Suzuki scored . Lopez lined into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first to second , Figgins out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Olson pitching for Mariners . Hunter doubled to deep center . Matsui struck out swinging . Napoli singled to right , Hunter scored . Napoli to second on wild pitch by Olson . Rivera intentionally walked . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Wilson walked , Napoli to third , Rivera to second . Aybar grounded out to second , Napoli scored , Rivera to third , Wilson to second . Izturis singled to left , Rivera and Wilson scored . Kendrick hit by pitch , Izturis to second . Abreu walked , Izturis to third , Kendrick to second . Hunter walked , Izturis scored , Kendrick to third , Abreu to second . Matsui walked , Kendrick scored , Abreu to third , Hunter to second . White pitching for Mariners . Napoli grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Bradley flied out to left . Jo Wilson flied out to right . Kotchman singled to left center . Johnson walked , Kotchman to second . Saunders fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . White pitching for Mariners . Rivera walked . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rivera out at second . Aybar singled to right center , Wilson to second . Frandsen hit for Izturis . Frandsen singled to center , Wilson to third , Aybar to second . Kendrick singled to center , Wilson and Aybar scored , Frandsen to second . Abreu walked , Frandsen to third , Kendrick to second . Hunter doubled to right , Frandsen and Kendrick scored , Abreu to third . Willits ran for Hunter . Matsui flied out to left . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Frandsen at third base . Willits in center field . Bulger pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Figgins walked . Gutierrez flied out to right . Lopez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Langerhans in right field . League pitching for Mariners . Rivera singled to center . Wilson flied out to center . Aybar grounded out to first , Rivera to second . Frandsen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Quinlan in right field . Bulger pitching for Angels . Bradley struck out looking . Jo Wilson struck out looking . Kotchman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Mariners . Kendrick struck out looking . Quinlan flied out to left . Willits flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Shields pitching for Angels . Johnson walked . Saunders flied out to right . Langerhans walked , Johnson to second . Figgins singled to right , Johnson scored , Langerhans to second . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Langerhans out at third , Figgins to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 11 - Mariners 2 .	Hunter , 6 - run inning lift Angels in rout of M 's