Angels - Top 1st . Braden pitching for Athletics . Aybar struck out looking . Kendrick flied out to right . Abreu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Ellis singled to right . Barton singled to left center , Ellis to second . Suzuki popped out to second . Kouzmanoff flied out to right . Rosales grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Barton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Braden pitching for Athletics . Hunter singled to left . Matsui grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hunter out at second . Napoli singled to center . Rivera popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Sweeney struck out swinging . Fox fouled out to left . Carson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Braden pitching for Athletics . Frandsen safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Pennington . Quinlan walked . Aybar reached on bunt single to third , Frandsen to third , Quinlan to second . Kendrick lined out to shortstop . Abreu struck out swinging . Hunter singled to left , Frandsen scored , Quinlan thrown out at home , Aybar to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Pennington lined out to second . Ellis lined out to first . Barton singled to left center . Suzuki fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Matsui struck out swinging . Napoli singled to left . Rivera lined out to right . Frandsen singled to right , Napoli to third . Frandsen picked off first . Quinlan batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . Rosales singled to center . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rosales out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Quinlan grounded out to second . Aybar doubled to left . Kendrick grounded out to first , Aybar to third . Abreu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Fox flied out to center . Carson grounded out to pitcher . Pennington fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop . Matsui singled to right , Hunter to second . Napoli struck out swinging . Rivera singled to center , Hunter scored , Matsui to second . Frandsen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rivera out at second , Matsui to third . Quinlan singled to center , Matsui scored , Frandsen to second . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Aybar tripled to deep center , Frandsen and Quinlan scored . Kendrick flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Ellis lined out to third . Barton flied out to center . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Abreu flied out to center . Hunter struck out swinging . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Kouzmanoff singled to right center . Rosales walked , Kouzmanoff to second . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rosales out at second , Kouzmanoff to third . Fox grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Bowers pitching for Athletics . Napoli struck out swinging . Rivera homered to center ( 398 feet ) . Frandsen grounded out to second . Quinlan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Carson flied out to center . Pennington flied out to left . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Bowers pitching for Athletics . Aybar singled to center . Kendrick singled to right , Aybar to second . Abreu struck out looking . Hunter struck out swinging . Matsui singled to right , Aybar scored , Kendrick to third . Napoli fouled out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Barton doubled to deep left center . Suzuki flied out to right . Kouzmanoff singled to center , Barton scored . Rosales grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kouzmanoff out at second . Rosales to second on fielder 's indifference . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - Athletics 1 .	Saunders goes 9 as Angels rout A 's