Angels - Top 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Kendrick fouled out to first . Frandsen grounded out to pitcher . Abreu walked . Abreu to second on balk by Zambrano . Abreu picked off second . Hunter batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Byrd grounded out to second . Baker singled to left . Lee fouled out to first . Nady singled to left , Baker to second . Soto walked , Baker to third , Nady to second . Soriano reached on infield single to second , Baker scored , Nady to third , Soto to second , Nady scored , Soto to third on throwing error by second baseman Kendrick . Castro fouled out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Hunter safe at first on error by third baseman Baker . Matsui struck out swinging . Hunter to second . Napoli struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Theriot reached on infield single to shortstop . Zambrano grounded out to third , Theriot to second . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Theriot to third . Baker doubled to deep right , Theriot scored , Byrd to third . Lee hit sacrifice fly to right , Byrd scored , Baker to third . Nady struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Mathis singled to center . Wood grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mathis out at second . Saunders singled to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Soto homered to left ( 391 feet ) . Soriano fouled out to first . Castro singled to right . Theriot walked , Castro to second . Zambrano singled to left , Castro scored , Theriot to second . Byrd struck out swinging . Baker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Theriot to third , Zambrano safe at second on error by shortstop Wood . Lee doubled to deep left , Theriot and Zambrano scored , Baker to third . O'Sullivan pitching for Angels . Nady flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Kendrick flied out to center . Frandsen singled to center . Abreu struck out swinging , Frandsen stole second . Hunter doubled to left center , Frandsen scored . Matsui struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . O'Sullivan pitching for Angels . Soto grounded out to third . Soriano singled to left . Castro flied out to center . Theriot grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Napoli singled to right . Mathis struck out swinging . Wood flied out to center . O'Sullivan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . O'Sullivan pitching for Angels . Zambrano flied out to left . Byrd doubled to deep left center . Baker flied out to right . Lee singled to left , Byrd scored . Nady struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Kendrick singled to right . Frandsen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendrick out at second . Abreu struck out swinging . Hunter grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . O'Sullivan pitching for Angels . Soto flied out to center . Soriano grounded out to third . Castro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Matsui singled to right . Napoli singled to left , Matsui to second . Mathis struck out swinging . Wood singled to right , Matsui to third , Napoli to second . Rivera hit for O'Sullivan . Rivera grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Matsui out at home , Napoli to third , Wood to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Quinlan in right field . Willits in center field . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Theriot singled to left . Zambrano singled to left , Theriot to second . Byrd flied out to center . Baker struck out swinging . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zambrano out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Cashner pitching for Cubs . Kendrick struck out swinging . Frandsen singled to right . Willits flied out to center . Quinlan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Fuentes pitching for Angels . Nady doubled to left . Soto struck out looking . Soriano flied out to center , Nady to third . Castro walked . Theriot doubled to deep left center , Nady scored , Castro to third . Colvin hit for Cashner . Colvin singled to right , Castro and Theriot scored . Byrd doubled to deep left , Colvin to third . Bell pitching for Angels . Baker struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Colvin in right field . Matsui doubled to deep right . Napoli struck out swinging . Mathis struck out looking . Wood flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 1 - Cubs 12 .	Cubs cruise