Royals - Top 1st . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Podsednik walked . Kendall grounded into double play , second to first , Podsednik out at second . DeJesus singled to center . Butler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Lerew pitching for Royals . Aybar flied out to right . Kendrick grounded out to first . Abreu hit by pitch . Hunter flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Guillen grounded out to third . Betemit grounded out to first . Aviles singled to left . Maier doubled to deep right , Aviles to third . Betancourt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Lerew pitching for Royals . Matsui flied out to center . Napoli grounded out to pitcher . McAnulty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Podsednik grounded out to second . Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendall out at second . Butler singled to right center , DeJesus to second . Guillen walked , DeJesus to third , Butler to second . Betemit grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Lerew pitching for Royals . Mathis singled to left . Wood struck out looking . Aybar singled to center , Mathis to second . Kendrick walked , Mathis to third , Aybar to second . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center , Mathis scored , Aybar to third , Kendrick to second . Hunter homered to left ( 379 feet ) , Aybar and Kendrick scored . Matsui singled to center . Napoli flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Aviles reached on infield single to shortstop . Maier grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Aviles out at second . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Lerew pitching for Royals . McAnulty struck out swinging . Mathis flied out to center . Wood flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Podsednik grounded out to pitcher . Kendall walked . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendall out at second . Butler walked , DeJesus to second . Guillen popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Lerew pitching for Royals . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . Kendrick singled to right . Abreu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kendrick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Betemit struck out looking . Aviles grounded out to second . Maier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Lerew pitching for Royals . Hunter walked . Matsui singled to right , Hunter to third . Texeira pitching for Royals . Napoli hit sacrifice fly to right , Hunter scored , Matsui advanced to second on play . McAnulty homered to right center ( 407 feet ) , Matsui scored . Mathis singled to right . Wood grounded out to third , Mathis to second . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Betancourt grounded out to pitcher . Podsednik struck out swinging . Kendall popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Marte pitching for Royals . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Willits walked . Hunter homered to center ( 407 feet ) , Willits scored . Aldridge grounded out to second . Napoli singled to right . McAnulty struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . DeJesus singled to right . Butler flied out to right . Pena hit for Guillen . Pena struck out swinging . Betemit flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Hughes pitching for Royals . Mathis grounded out to first . Wood flied out to center . Aybar reached on infield single to shortstop . Kendrick singled to left , Aybar to second . Willits reached on infield single to third , Aybar to third , Kendrick to second . Hunter singled to right , Aybar and Kendrick scored , Willits to third . Frandsen ran for Hunter . Aldridge lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Angels . Aviles grounded out to third . Maier safe at second on error by left fielder Frandsen . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Podsednik singled to right , Maier to third . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 0 - Angels 11 .	Hunter tallies 7 RBIs as Angels crown Royals