Brewers - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Weeks grounded out to third. Hart singled to center. Fielder grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hart out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Herrera singled to center. Helton singled to right center, Herrera to second. Spilborghs grounded into fielder's choice to first, Helton out at second, Herrera to third. Hawpe grounded out to first, Herrera scored, Spilborghs to second. Mora struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Braun grounded out to shortstop. McGehee grounded out to shortstop. Lucroy singled to center. Gomez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Stewart struck out swinging. Olivo struck out swinging. Barmes popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Gallardo struck out looking. Weeks struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Francis struck out looking. Herrera singled to center. Helton flied out to center. Spilborghs lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Hart grounded out to shortstop. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. Braun lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Hawpe struck out swinging. Mora hit by pitch. Stewart popped out to second. Olivo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. McGehee singled to left. Lucroy singled to right, McGehee to second. Gomez grounded into double play, third to first, McGehee out at third, Lucroy to second. Escobar singled to center, Lucroy scored. Gallardo grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Barmes struck out swinging. Francis walked. Herrera struck out looking. Helton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Weeks singled to center. Hart safe at third on error by first baseman Helton, Weeks scored. Fielder struck out swinging. Braun struck out swinging. McGehee grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Spilborghs reached on infield single to shortstop. Hawpe struck out swinging. Spilborghs caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Mora fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Lucroy doubled to deep center. Gomez sacrificed to third, Lucroy to third. Escobar doubled to left, Lucroy scored. Inglett hit for Gallardo. Flores pitching for Rockies. Inglett flied out to left. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Smith in left field. Weeks doubled to center, Escobar scored. Hart struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Stewart struck out swinging. Olivo homered to left (378 feet). Barmes reached on infield single to second. Smith homered to right (407 feet), Barmes scored. Herrera singled to right center. Braddock pitching for Brewers. Helton struck out swinging. Spilborghs struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Fielder singled to left. Braun grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Fielder out at second. McGehee singled to center. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Braddock pitching for Brewers. Hawpe doubled to deep center. Nelson hit for Belisle. Nelson sacrificed into fielder's choice to third, Hawpe to third. Stewart walked, Nelson to second. Loe pitching for Brewers. Olivo lined out to right. Giambi hit for Barmes. Giambi hit sacrifice fly to left, Hawpe scored. Smith singled to left, Nelson scored, Stewart to second, Stewart scored, Smith to third on error by catcher Lucroy. Herrera singled to right, Smith scored. Helton flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 9th. Herrera at shortstop. Nelson at second base. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Gomez reached on infield single to shortstop. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gomez out at second. Counsell hit for Loe. Counsell singled to center, Escobar to third. Weeks struck out swinging. Hart homered to center (422 feet), Escobar and Counsell scored. Morales pitching for Rockies. Fielder walked. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Braun doubled to deep right, Fielder to third. McGehee intentionally walked. Lucroy lined out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 7 - Rockies 8.	Smith, Rockies beat Brewers in wild slugfest