Cardinals - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Lopez reached on infield single to first. Rasmus singled to right, Lopez to third. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lopez scored, Rasmus out at second. Holliday singled to center. Jay reached on infield single to shortstop, Holliday to second. Molina singled to right, Holliday scored, Jay to third. Greene grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Fowler fouled out to first. Herrera singled to right. Gonzalez flied out to center. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to third, Herrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Garcia struck out looking. Schumaker grounded out to second. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Spilborghs flied out to left. Iannetta grounded out to third. Eldred struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Rasmus grounded out to shortstop. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Holliday doubled to deep left. Jay singled to right, Holliday scored, Jay to second advancing on throw. Molina grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Barmes flied out to center. Cook struck out swinging. Fowler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Greene reached on infield single to shortstop. Garcia sacrificed to catcher, Greene to second. Schumaker walked. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schumaker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Herrera flied out to center. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Mora grounded out to second, Gonzalez to third. Spilborghs walked. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Spilborghs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Rasmus flied out to left. Pujols popped out to second. Holliday homered to left (421 feet). Jay homered to right (402 feet). Molina grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Eldred singled to left. Barmes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eldred safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Greene. Stewart hit for Cook. Stewart singled to right center, Eldred and Barmes scored. Fowler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stewart out at second. Herrera singled to center, Fowler to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Mora singled to right, Fowler scored, Herrera to third. Spilborghs grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mora out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Stewart at third base. Greene struck out swinging. Garcia struck out swinging. Schumaker singled to right. Lopez reached on infield single to second, Schumaker to second. Rasmus singled to right, Schumaker scored, Lopez to third. Pujols struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Iannetta flied out to right. Eldred singled to center. Barmes singled to left, Eldred to second. Stewart singled to right, Eldred scored, Barmes to third. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Fowler sacrificed to catcher, Stewart to second. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Holliday homered to center (425 feet). Jay flied out to center. Molina flied out to center. Greene struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Ryan at shortstop. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez singled to center. Smith hit for Rogers. Smith flied out to center. Spilborghs lined out to center. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Smith in right field. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Stavinoha hit for McClellan. Stavinoha lined out to third. Schumaker singled to center. Lopez singled to right, Schumaker to second. Rasmus flied out to center, Schumaker to third. Pujols flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Eldred doubled to deep left. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Stewart walked. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Fowler homered to right center (417 feet), Eldred and Stewart scored. Herrera singled to left center. Gonzalez reached on infield single to pitcher, Herrera to second, Herrera to third on throwing error by pitcher Motte. Smith struck out swinging. Giambi hit for Belisle. Giambi struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Street pitching for Rockies. Holliday flied out to left. Jay struck out looking. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. MacLane pitching for Cardinals. Iannetta homered to left (436 feet). 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Rockies 8.	Rockies pull off another late rally vs. Cards