Phillies - Top 1st. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Rollins grounded out to second. Polanco hit by pitch. Utley lined out to right. Howard walked, Polanco to second. Werth grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Young Jr. grounded out to second. Fowler struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center. Tulowitzki singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Helton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Ibanez struck out swinging. Victorino grounded out to second. Schneider grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Mora singled to left. Smith safe at first on error by second baseman Utley, Mora to second. Iannetta homered to left (455 feet), Mora and Smith scored. Chacin struck out swinging. Young Jr. flied out to left. Fowler homered to right (400 feet). Gonzalez walked. Gonzalez caught stealing second, catcher to second. Tulowitzki batting. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 3rd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Blanton struck out swinging. Rollins walked. Polanco grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rollins out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Tulowitzki singled to left. Helton flied out to center. Mora singled to right center, Tulowitzki to second. Smith flied out to right. Iannetta grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Utley grounded out to second. Howard struck out swinging. Werth singled to left. Werth to second on passed ball by Iannetta. Ibanez singled to center, Werth scored. Victorino flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Chacin grounded out to second. Young Jr. struck out swinging. Fowler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Schneider lined out to first. Blanton hit by pitch. Rollins grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blanton safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Young Jr.. Polanco singled to center, Blanton to third, Rollins to second. Utley hit sacrifice fly to right, Blanton scored. Howard lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez homered to right center (455 feet). Tulowitzki walked. Helton flied out to center. Mora singled to right, Tulowitzki to third. Smith singled to right, Tulowitzki scored, Mora to second. Herndon pitching for Phillies. Iannetta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Smith out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Werth reached on infield single to shortstop. Ibanez reached on infield single to third, Werth to second. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ibanez out at second, Werth to third. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Victorino stole second. Schneider walked. Sweeney hit for Herndon. Sweeney hit by pitch, Werth scored, Victorino to third, Schneider to second. Rollins grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Sweeney out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Nelson hit for Belisle. Nelson singled to center. Young Jr. reached on bunt single to second, Nelson to second. Fowler reached on bunt single to first, Nelson to third, Young Jr. to second. Gonzalez struck out looking. Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop, Nelson scored, Young Jr. to third, Fowler to second. Helton struck out swinging. Mora flied out to left. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Beimel pitching for Rockies. Polanco doubled to deep left. Utley singled to right, Polanco scored. Utley to second on wild pitch by Beimel. Howard homered to right (379 feet), Utley scored. Delcarmen pitching for Rockies. Werth homered to left (390 feet). Ibanez flied out to left. Victorino singled to left center. Schneider singled to right, Victorino to third. Francisco hit for Bastardo. Francisco singled to right, Victorino scored, Schneider to second. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Herrera at third base. Rollins singled to center, Schneider to third, Francisco to second. Polanco struck out swinging. Utley homered to right (386 feet), Schneider, Francisco and Rollins scored. Howard lined out to center. 9 Runs, 9 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Smith doubled to deep right. Iannetta flied out to center. Herrera singled to center, Smith scored. Young Jr. doubled to deep center, Herrera to third. Fowler singled to center, Herrera and Young Jr. scored. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Werth struck out swinging. Ibanez grounded out to first. Victorino singled to center. Victorino stole second. Schneider flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Ruiz catching. Romero pitching for Phillies. Helton grounded out to third. Barmes hit for Betancourt. Barmes walked. Spilborghs hit for Smith. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Spilborghs singled to left, Barmes to second. Iannetta flied out to center, Barmes to third. Giambi hit for Herrera. Giambi walked, Spilborghs to second. Rogers ran for Giambi. Young Jr. grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rogers out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Barmes at third base. Spilborghs in right field. Street pitching for Rockies. Brown hit for Contreras. Brown struck out swinging. Rollins lined out to right. Polanco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Lidge pitching for Phillies. Fowler safe at first on error by first baseman Howard. Gonzalez singled to right, Fowler to third. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fowler scored, Gonzalez out at second. Helton walked, Tulowitzki to second. Barmes struck out swinging. Spilborghs grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tulowitzki out at third, Helton to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Phillies 12 - Rockies 11.	Utley's slam, 6 RBIs rally Phils past Rockies