Cubs - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Rockies . Castro singled to left . Barney singled to right , Castro to third . Byrd grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Castro scored , Barney out at second . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Fowler struck out swinging . Herrera walked . Gonzalez doubled to deep left center , Herrera scored . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Helton singled to right , Gonzalez scored . Smith homered to center ( 427 feet ) , Helton scored . Lopez lined out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Rockies . Pena walked . Soriano struck out swinging . Pena to second on wild pitch by Johnson . Fukudome grounded out to first , Pena to third . Soto singled to left , Pena scored . Dempster flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Morales singled to right . Johnson sacrificed to pitcher , Morales to second . Fowler walked . Morales caught stealing third , catcher to third , Fowler to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Herrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Rockies . Castro walked . Barney singled to center , Castro to second . Byrd struck out swinging . Ramirez singled to left , Castro scored , Barney to second . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at second , Barney to third , Barney scored on throwing error by second baseman Herrera . Soriano struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Tulowitzki popped out to shortstop . Helton fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Rockies . Fukudome grounded out to second . Soto walked . Dempster sacrificed to first , Soto to second . Castro doubled to left , Soto scored . Barney fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Smith doubled to left . Lopez grounded out to pitcher , Smith to third . Morales grounded out to second , Smith scored . Johnson struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Spilborghs in right field . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Byrd singled to center . Ramirez flied out to center . Pena grounded out to second , Byrd to second . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Fowler grounded out to second . Herrera lined out to third . Gonzalez reached on infield single to pitcher . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to third , Gonzalez to second . Helton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Fukudome singled to right . Soto singled to left , Fukudome to second . DeWitt hit for Dempster . DeWitt flied out to left . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Soto out at second , Fukudome to third . Barney grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Spilborghs struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to third . Morales walked . Stewart hit for Belisle . Stewart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Byrd popped out to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Fowler popped out to shortstop . Herrera grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez reached on infield single to third . Gonzalez stole second . Tulowitzki intentionally walked . Helton lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Soriano walked . Fukudome sacrificed to pitcher , Soriano to second . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Soto flied out to center , Soriano to third . Colvin hit for Samardzija . Colvin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Mateo pitching for Cubs . Spilborghs reached on infield single to second . Lopez doubled to right center , Spilborghs to third . Morales struck out looking . Wigginton hit for Betancourt . Wigginton struck out swinging . Fowler doubled to center , Spilborghs and Lopez scored . Herrera singled to right , Fowler scored , Herrera to second advancing on throw . Gonzalez singled to center , Herrera scored . Tulowitzki walked , Gonzalez to second . Stevens pitching for Cubs . Helton walked , Gonzalez to third , Tulowitzki to second . Spilborghs struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Street pitching for Rockies . Castro singled to left . Barney lined into double play , shortstop to first , Castro doubled off first . Byrd lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 5 - Rockies 9 .	Rockies bat around , snap tie in 8th to beat Cubs