Rockies - Top 1st . Garza pitching for Cubs . Fowler struck out swinging . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Fukudome singled to left . Barney homered to left ( 374 feet ) , Fukudome scored . Castro grounded out to second . Baker singled to center . Pena walked , Baker to second . Byrd walked , Baker to third , Pena to second . Soriano hit sacrifice fly to right , Baker scored , Pena to third . Soto flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Garza pitching for Cubs . Tulowitzki safe at first on error by shortstop Castro . Helton struck out swinging . Smith singled to center , Tulowitzki to third . Lopez safe at first on error by shortstop Castro , Tulowitzki scored , Smith to second . Iannetta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Smith and Lopez scored on throwing error by shortstop Castro . Rogers grounded out to shortstop . Fowler struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 3 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Garza struck out swinging . Fukudome singled to right . Barney flied out to right . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fukudome out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Garza pitching for Cubs . Herrera flied out to left . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Baker singled to center . Pena flied out to left . Byrd singled to left , Baker to second . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Byrd out at second , Baker to third . Soto walked , Soriano to second . Garza grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Garza pitching for Cubs . Helton singled to center . Smith struck out swinging . Lopez flied out to center . Iannetta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Fukudome singled to left . Barney grounded out to third , Fukudome to second . Castro grounded out to shortstop , Fukudome to third . Baker walked . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Garza pitching for Cubs . Rogers reached on bunt single to third . Fowler walked , Rogers to second . Herrera sacrificed to catcher , Rogers to third , Fowler to second , Herrera safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Garza . Rogers scored , Fowler to third on throwing error by pitcher Garza . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Fowler scored , Herrera to third . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Herrera out at home . Tulowitzki caught stealing second , to pitcher . Helton batting . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Byrd grounded out to pitcher . Soriano grounded out to third . Soto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Garza pitching for Cubs . Helton flied out to left . Smith struck out swinging . Lopez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Johnson hit for Garza . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Johnson hit by pitch . Fukudome singled to center , Johnson to second . Barney popped out to shortstop . Lindstrom pitching for Rockies . Wigginton at third base . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fukudome out at second , Johnson to third . Baker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Iannetta grounded out to pitcher . Wigginton struck out swinging . Fowler tripled to deep center . Herrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Lindstrom pitching for Rockies . Pena lined out to center . Byrd singled to left . Soriano grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to pitcher , Byrd out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Tulowitzki bunt popped out to pitcher . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Soto grounded out to first . DeWitt hit for Samardzija . DeWitt struck out looking . Fukudome singled to left . Barney popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Mateo pitching for Cubs . Smith grounded out to second . Spilborghs hit for Betancourt . Spilborghs walked . Iannetta struck out swinging , Spilborghs stole second . Wigginton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Street pitching for Rockies . Castro flied out to right . Baker doubled to right . Pena struck out swinging . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Cubs 3 .	Cubs ' four errors burn Garza , spark Rockies