Rockies - Top 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Fowler grounded out to shortstop . Amezaga struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Rowand walked . Sanchez singled to left , Rowand to second . Fontenot grounded out to second , Rowand to third , Sanchez to second . Posey grounded out to shortstop , Rowand scored , Sanchez to third . Huff flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Helton lined out to second . Lopez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . Schierholtz struck out swinging . Tejada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Spilborghs walked . Iannetta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Spilborghs out at second . Mortensen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Bumgarner grounded out to first . Rowand struck out swinging . Sanchez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Fowler singled to left . Fowler caught stealing second , catcher to second . Amezaga struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Fontenot lined out to first . Posey grounded out to shortstop . Huff doubled to right . Burrell walked . Schierholtz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki safe at first on error by shortstop Fontenot . Helton struck out swinging . Lopez singled to right , Tulowitzki to second . Spilborghs grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 5th . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Tejada safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lopez . Bumgarner sacrificed to pitcher , Tejada to second . Rowand singled to left , Tejada to third . Sanchez doubled to center , Tejada scored , Rowand to third . Fontenot popped out to third . Posey walked . Huff struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Iannetta walked . Mortensen struck out bunting foul . Fowler grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Iannetta out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Burrell walked . Ford ran for Burrell . Schierholtz flied out to center . Ford stole second . Tejada flied out to center , Ford to third . Bumgarner grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Rowand in left field . Ford in center field . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Amezaga singled to right center . Gonzalez singled to left , Amezaga to second . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Amezaga to third , Gonzalez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Bumgarner . Helton singled to left , Amezaga and Gonzalez scored , Tulowitzki to third . Ramirez pitching for Giants . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tulowitzki out at home , Helton to second . Spilborghs struck out swinging . Iannetta struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 7th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Rowand grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Fontenot doubled to left . Posey intentionally walked . Huff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Giants . Herrera hit for Reynolds . Herrera singled to right . Fowler struck out swinging . Amezaga reached on infield single to shortstop , Herrera to second . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Herrera to third , Amezaga to second . Tulowitzki intentionally walked . Helton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Lindstrom pitching for Rockies . Ford flied out to right . Schierholtz flied out to left . Tejada singled to right . Ross hit for Lopez . Tejada stole second . Ross flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Wilson pitching for Giants . Stewart hit for Lopez . Stewart struck out looking . Smith hit for Spilborghs . Smith lined out to shortstop . Iannetta singled to left . Giambi hit for Lindstrom . Giambi walked , Iannetta to second . Fowler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Stewart at third base . Smith in right field . Paulino pitching for Rockies . Rowand singled to left center . Sanchez singled to left , Rowand to second . Morales pitching for Rockies . Rowand to third , Sanchez to second on wild pitch by Morales . Fontenot hit sacrifice fly to right , Rowand scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 2 - Giants 3 .	Fontenot lifts Giants to 2nd straight walk - off