Giants - Top 1st . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Torres struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to center . Huff grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Fowler walked . Fowler caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Herrera singled to shallow left . Gonzalez flied out to center . Tulowitzki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Posey singled to right . Schierholtz grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Posey out at second . Ross hit by pitch . DeRosa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ross out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Helton grounded out to second . Smith walked . Smith stole second . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Morales intentionally walked . Mortensen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Tejada doubled to left . Lincecum sacrificed to pitcher , Tejada to third . Torres flied out to left . Tejada scored on Mortensen 's wild pitch . Sanchez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Fowler popped out to shortstop . Herrera grounded out to second . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Huff singled to right center . Posey grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Huff out at second . Schierholtz walked . Schierholtz caught stealing second , catcher to second . Ross batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Helton singled to right . Smith struck out swinging . Lopez walked , Helton to second . Morales grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Ross walked . Ross stole second . DeRosa struck out swinging . Tejada grounded out to third . Lincecum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Mortensen walked . Fowler singled to left , Mortensen to second . Herrera sacrificed to first , Mortensen to third , Fowler to second . Gonzalez walked . Tulowitzki singled to center , Mortensen and Fowler scored , Gonzalez to second . Gonzalez caught stealing third , catcher to third , Tulowitzki to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Helton flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Torres homered to right ( 406 feet ) . Sanchez singled to left . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sanchez out at second . Posey flied out to right . Schierholtz homered to right ( 383 feet ) , Huff scored . Ross popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Smith homered to right ( 371 feet ) . Lopez singled to left . Morales grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lopez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Lincecum . Amezaga hit for Mortensen . Amezaga struck out swinging . Fowler singled to right , Lopez scored , Morales to second . Herrera singled to center , Morales thrown out at home , Herrera to second , Fowler to second , Fowler to third advancing on throw . Gonzalez homered to center ( 444 feet ) , Fowler and Herrera scored . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Rowand in left field . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 7th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . DeRosa grounded out to shortstop . Tejada singled to center . Rowand struck out swinging . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Torres flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Helton grounded out to second . Smith popped out to second . Lopez doubled to left . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Sanchez singled to right . Huff grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sanchez out at second . Posey singled to center . Schierholtz walked , Posey to second . Burrell hit for Affeldt . Lindstrom pitching for Rockies . Burrell struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Runzler pitching for Giants . Spilborghs hit for Lindstrom . Spilborghs flied out to right . Fowler walked . Fowler caught stealing second , catcher to second to first . Herrera walked . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Street pitching for Rockies . DeRosa grounded out to third . Tejada flied out to right . Rowand struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 4 - Rockies 7 .	Lincecum gets rocked as Rockies slow Giants