Dodgers - Top 1st . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Gordon singled to center . Oeltjen grounded out to first , Gordon to second . Ethier walked . Blake grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ethier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez singled to right . Nelson flied out to center . Gonzalez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Loney grounded out to first . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . Navarro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Tulowitzki homered to left ( 405 feet ) . Smith flied out to right . Wigginton doubled to deep left . Blackmon grounded out to first . Iannetta intentionally walked . Chacin grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Gwynn grounded out to first . Billingsley struck out swinging . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Nelson doubled to left . Helton singled to left , Nelson to third . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , third to second to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Oeltjen singled to right . Ethier flied out to center . Blake flied out to center . Loney walked , Oeltjen to second . Oeltjen to third , Loney to second on wild pitch by Chacin . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Smith struck out looking . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop . Blackmon singled to center . Iannetta popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Navarro struck out looking . Gwynn grounded out to first . Billingsley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Chacin grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez reached on bunt single to third , Gonzalez to second on throwing error by third baseman Blake . Nelson singled to left , Gonzalez to third , Nelson to second on error by left fielder Oeltjen . Helton singled to right , Gonzalez and Nelson scored . Tulowitzki singled to center , Helton to second . Helton to third , Tulowitzki to second on wild pitch by Billingsley . Smith singled to right , Helton and Tulowitzki scored . Wigginton singled to center , Smith to second . Blackmon flied out to center . Iannetta singled to left , Smith scored , Wigginton to second . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Chacin grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 2 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Gordon struck out swinging . Oeltjen walked . Oeltjen stole second . Ethier struck out swinging . Blake grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez singled to center . Gonzalez stole second . Nelson flied out to right , Gonzalez to third . Helton intentionally walked . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Loney flied out to center . Uribe struck out swinging . Navarro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Smith grounded out to first . Wigginton lined out to second . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Spilborghs in right field . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Gwynn grounded out to second . Miles hit for Troncoso . Miles grounded out to third . Gordon singled to left . Gordon to second on wild pitch by Chacin . Oeltjen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Uribe at third base . Miles at second base . Iannetta doubled to left . Herrera hit for Chacin . Herrera flied into double play , center to second , Iannetta doubled off second . Gonzalez singled to right center . Nelson reached on infield single to second , Gonzalez to second . Helton lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Nelson at third base . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Wigginton at first base . Herrera at second base . Ethier struck out looking . Kemp hit for Guerra . Kemp homered to left ( 458 feet ) . Loney singled to left . Uribe flied out to left . Navarro safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Nelson , Loney to second . Gwynn doubled to left , Loney scored , Navarro to third . Street pitching for Rockies . Miles singled to center , Navarro and Gwynn scored . Barajas hit for Gordon . Miles to second on fielder 's indifference . Barajas singled to center , Miles scored . Carroll ran for Barajas . Oeltjen struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 5 - Rockies 6 .	Rockies pound Billingsley , hold off Dodgers