White Sox - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Pierre flied out to left . Vizquel singled to center . Dunn lined into double play , to first , Vizquel doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Gonzalez popped out to third . Herrera singled to center . Helton singled to right , Herrera to second . Tulowitzki homered to center ( 451 feet ) , Herrera and Helton scored . Smith grounded out to second . Wigginton popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Rios walked . Teahen struck out looking . Ramirez hit by pitch , Rios to second . Castro flied out to center , Rios to third . Beckham walked , Ramirez to second . Rios scored , Ramirez to third , Beckham to second on wild pitch by Cook . Peavy walked . Pierre grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Blackmon struck out swinging . Pagnozzi struck out looking . Cook grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Vizquel grounded out to pitcher . Dunn popped out to third . Rios singled to left . Teahen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Gonzalez popped out to third . Herrera singled to center . Helton singled to right , Herrera to third . Tulowitzki walked , Helton to second . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Herrera out at home , Helton to third , Tulowitzki to second . Wigginton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Ramirez flied out to left . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Beckham singled to center . Peavy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Blackmon grounded out to second . Pagnozzi struck out looking . Cook grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Pierre singled to right . Vizquel walked , Pierre to second . Dunn grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vizquel out at second , Pierre to third . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Gonzalez flied out to left . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Helton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Teahen reached on bunt single to third . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Teahen out at second . Castro grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Tulowitzki popped out to pitcher . Smith doubled to right . Wigginton grounded out to third . Blackmon intentionally walked . Pagnozzi singled to center , Smith scored , Blackmon to third . Spilborghs hit for Cook . Spilborghs struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Beckham homered to right center ( 401 feet ) . Quentin hit for Peavy . Quentin popped out to first . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Pierre singled to left center . Pierre to second on wild pitch by Brothers . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . Pierre stole third . Dunn walked . Lillibridge ran for Dunn . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lillibridge out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Lillibridge in right field . Teahen at first base . Ohman pitching for White Sox . Gonzalez reached on infield single to first . Herrera sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Gonzalez stole third . Helton struck out swinging . Tulowitzki intentionally walked . Smith walked , Tulowitzki to second . Wigginton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Lindstrom pitching for Rockies . Teahen grounded out to first . Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop . Pierzynski hit for Castro . Pierzynski singled to right , Ramirez to third . Beckham singled to center , Ramirez scored , Pierzynski to third , Beckham to second advancing on throw . Konerko hit for Ohman . Konerko intentionally walked . Pierre hit sacrifice fly to left , Pierzynski scored . Vizquel grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Teahen at third base . Pierzynski catching . Konerko at first base . Blackmon reached on infield single to third . Pagnozzi sacrificed to catcher , Blackmon to second . Young Jr. hit for Lindstrom . Young Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Street pitching for Rockies . Lillibridge grounded out to pitcher . Rios popped out to shortstop . Teahen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Herrera walked . Helton struck out looking . Crain pitching for White Sox . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Herrera caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Smith batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 10th . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Nelson at second base . Ramirez doubled to deep left . Pierzynski reached on infield single to shortstop . Beckham sacrificed to third , Ramirez to third , Pierzynski to second , Beckham safe at first on error by pitcher Mortensen . Ramirez to third on error by pitcher Mortensen . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at home , Pierzynski to third , Beckham to second . Pierre singled to deep right , Pierzynski and Beckham scored , Konerko to second . Morel hit for Crain . Morel grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pierre out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 10th . Santos pitching for White Sox . Smith struck out swinging . Wigginton struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Rockies 4 .	White Sox edge Rockies in 10 on Pierre 's single