Royals - Top 1st . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Getz flied out to right . Cabrera singled to right . Gordon struck out looking . Francoeur flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Davies pitching for Royals . Gonzalez singled to left . Ellis struck out swinging . Gonzalez stole second . Helton singled to center , Gonzalez scored . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Helton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Hosmer struck out swinging . Pena doubled to deep right . Moustakas lined out to third . Escobar intentionally walked . Davies struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Davies pitching for Royals . Smith doubled to right . Wigginton doubled to deep right , Smith scored . Blackmon sacrificed to third , Wigginton to third , Blackmon safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Davies . Wigginton to third on throwing error by pitcher Davies . Iannetta singled to right , Wigginton scored , Blackmon to second . Reynolds sacrificed to pitcher , Blackmon to third , Iannetta to second . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Ellis doubled to deep right , Blackmon and Iannetta scored , Gonzalez to third . Helton hit sacrifice fly to left , Gonzalez scored . Tulowitzki singled to left center , Ellis scored . Smith reached on infield single to second , Tulowitzki to second . Wigginton flied out to right . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 3rd . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Getz flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Gordon singled to left . Francoeur tripled to deep left center , Gordon scored . Hosmer lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Davies pitching for Royals . Blackmon flied out to center . Iannetta walked . Reynolds struck out bunting foul . Iannetta stole second . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Pena singled to center . Moustakas popped out to shortstop . Escobar singled to right , Pena to second . Betemit hit for Davies . Betemit homered to left ( 381 feet ) , Pena and Escobar scored . Getz grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Collins pitching for Royals . Ellis doubled to left . Helton walked . Tulowitzki flied out to right , Ellis to third . Smith hit sacrifice fly to left , Ellis scored , Helton to second . Wigginton intentionally walked . Blackmon flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Gordon homered to right center ( 444 feet ) . Francoeur grounded out to second . Hosmer grounded out to second . Pena grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Collins pitching for Royals . Iannetta doubled to deep center . Reynolds bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Iannetta out at third . Gonzalez flied out to left . Ellis doubled to left , Reynolds to third . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Moustakas struck out swinging . Escobar singled to right . Butler hit for Collins . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Escobar out at second . Getz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Holland pitching for Royals . Tulowitzki homered to left ( 421 feet ) . Smith lined out to shortstop . Wigginton flied out to left . Blackmon lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Lindstrom pitching for Rockies . Cabrera struck out swinging . Gordon singled to right . Francoeur grounded into double play , second to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Holland pitching for Royals . Iannetta singled to right . Spilborghs hit for Lindstrom . Spilborghs grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Iannetta out at second . Gonzalez tripled to deep right . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Hosmer grounded out to first . Pena grounded out to third . Moustakas singled to right . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Crow pitching for Royals . Helton doubled to deep left . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Smith grounded out to first , Helton to third . Wigginton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Maier hit for Crow . Maier struck out swinging . Getz grounded out to second . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Gordon singled to left center , Cabrera scored . Street pitching for Rockies . Francoeur popped out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Rockies 9 .	Ellis collects 3 more hits as Rockies defeat KC