Royals - Top 1st . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Getz struck out swinging . Cabrera homered to right . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . Francoeur grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . Ellis flied out to center . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Hosmer flied out to right . Treanor grounded out to shortstop . Moustakas lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Smith grounded out to first . Wigginton fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Escobar doubled to right . Hochevar struck out looking . Escobar stole third . Getz walked . Cabrera homered to right , Escobar and Getz scored . Gordon grounded out to first . Francoeur singled to center . Hosmer singled to center , Francoeur to second . Francoeur caught stealing third , pitcher to second to third . Treanor batting . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Blackmon singled to right , Blackmon to second on error by right fielder Francoeur . Pagnozzi grounded out to second , Blackmon to third . Hammel bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Blackmon out at home . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 4th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Treanor doubled to deep left center . Moustakas doubled to deep right , Treanor scored . Escobar grounded out to second , Moustakas to third . Hochevar safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Hammel . Getz bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Moustakas scored , Hochevar out at second . Cabrera hit by pitch , Getz to second . Stults pitching for Rockies . Gordon struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Ellis flied out to center . Helton flied out to right . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to third . Smith popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Stults pitching for Rockies . Francoeur flied out to left . Hosmer popped out to second . Treanor popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Wigginton walked . Blackmon flied out to center . Pagnozzi singled to right , Wigginton to second . Spilborghs hit for Stults . Spilborghs walked , Wigginton to third , Pagnozzi to second . Gonzalez doubled to deep right center , Wigginton , Pagnozzi and Spilborghs scored . Ellis homered to left , Gonzalez scored . Helton walked . Wood pitching for Royals . Pena catching . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Smith struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Spilborghs in right field . Moustakas doubled to right . Escobar doubled to right , Moustakas scored . Pena flied out to left . Getz singled to left , Escobar scored , Getz to second advancing on throw . Cabrera doubled to left , Getz scored . Gordon hit by pitch . Maier ran for Gordon . Francoeur doubled to deep left center , Cabrera and Maier scored . Hosmer singled to center , Francoeur scored . Wood struck out swinging . Moustakas reached on infield single to pitcher , Hosmer to second . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Escobar flied out to center . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Maier in left field . Wood pitching for Royals . Wigginton walked . Blackmon flied out to center . Pagnozzi struck out swinging . Spilborghs walked , Wigginton to second . Gonzalez homered to left , Wigginton and Spilborghs scored . Ellis struck out looking . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Pena flied out to center . Herrera at third base . Wigginton in right field . Spilborghs in center field . Getz struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right . Maier singled to center , Cabrera to third . Francoeur reached on infield single to second , Cabrera scored , Maier to second . Hosmer homered to right , Maier and Francoeur scored . Butler hit for Wood . Butler doubled to deep right . Moustakas popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Collins pitching for Royals . Helton walked . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Mortensen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Escobar fouled out to second . Pena hit by pitch . Getz singled to left , Pena to second . Cabrera flied out to center . Maier walked , Pena to third , Getz to second . Francoeur grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Coleman pitching for Royals . Wigginton flied out to center . Blackmon grounded out to first . Pagnozzi walked . Pagnozzi to second on fielder 's indifference . Spilborghs flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Herrera at shortstop . Giambi at first base . Iannetta at third base . Mortensen pitching for Rockies . Hosmer doubled to deep left . Coleman struck out looking . Moustakas grounded out to first , Hosmer to third . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Coleman pitching for Royals . Herrera struck out swinging . Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop . Giambi doubled to right , Ellis to third . Iannetta struck out swinging . Cook hit for Mortensen . Cook struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Royals 16 - Rockies 8 .	Cabrera 's 2 homers helps Royals pound Rockies