Rockies - Top 1st . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Blackmon grounded out to second . Herrera flied out to right . Helton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Schafer tripled to deep center . Gonzalez singled to right , Schafer scored . McCann doubled to deep center , Gonzalez scored . Jones grounded out to second , McCann to third . Freeman grounded out to third . Hinske singled to right , McCann scored . Uggla grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hinske out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Wigginton flied out to center . Smith flied out to left . Ellis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . McLouth grounded out to third . Jurrjens grounded out to first . Schafer reached on infield single to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schafer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Stewart popped out to second . Pagnozzi struck out looking . Cook struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . McCann singled to center . Jones homered to left ( 350 feet ) , McCann scored . Freeman doubled to deep left . Hinske grounded out to first , Freeman to third . Uggla walked . McLouth grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Uggla out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Blackmon grounded out to first . Herrera singled to left . Helton flied out to left . Wigginton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Herrera safe at third on error by shortstop Gonzalez . Smith flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Jurrjens fouled out to first . Schafer grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Ellis grounded out to third . Stewart doubled to deep center . Pagnozzi singled to deep right , Stewart scored . Cook singled to left , Pagnozzi to third . Blackmon flied out to left . Herrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cook out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . McCann grounded out to second . Jones struck out swinging . Freeman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Helton walked . Wigginton reached on infield single to second , Helton to second . Smith fouled out to third . Wigginton caught stealing second , catcher to second , Helton to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Ellis walked . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Hinske singled to center . Uggla singled to left , Hinske to second . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Brothers pitching for Rockies . McLouth walked , Hinske to third , Uggla to second . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Brothers pitching for Rockies . McLouth walked , Hinske to third , Uggla to second . Heyward hit for Jurrjens . Heyward grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hinske scored , McLouth out at second , Uggla to third . Schafer singled to center , Uggla scored . Schafer stole second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Linebrink pitching for Braves . Heyward in right field . Pagnozzi reached on infield single to second . Spilborghs hit for Brothers . Spilborghs struck out swinging . Blackmon flied out to center . Herrera safe at first on error by pitcher Linebrink , Pagnozzi to second . Helton walked , Pagnozzi to third , Herrera to second . Wigginton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 7th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Wigginton at first base . Spilborghs in left field . McCann struck out swinging . Jones flied out to right . Freeman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Sherrill pitching for Braves . Smith singled to center . Ellis grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Smith out at second . Stewart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Ramirez hit for Sherrill . Ramirez singled to center . Uggla homered to left ( 441 feet ) , Ramirez scored . McLouth struck out looking . Heyward flied out to center . Schafer reached on infield single to second . Gonzalez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Proctor pitching for Braves . Pagnozzi struck out looking . Spilborghs flied out to right . Blackmon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 1 - Braves 9 .	Jurrjens wins NL - best 12th