Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Millwood pitching for Rockies . Parra doubled to deep left center . Hill flied out to right . Upton flied out to right , Parra to third . Montero lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler flied out to right . Ellis singled to center . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Millwood pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Blum singled to left . Cowgill flied out to center . McDonald singled to left , Blum to second . Saunders grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop . Smith grounded out to first . Rosario reached on infield single to third . Pacheco grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Millwood pitching for Rockies . Parra flied out to center . Hill singled to left . Upton singled to left , Hill to second , Hill thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Montero homered to center ( 428 feet ) , Upton scored . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Millwood homered to left ( 406 feet ) . Fowler flied out to center . Ellis flied out to left . Gonzalez homered to right center ( 447 feet ) . Tulowitzki singled to left . Wigginton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tulowitzki out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Millwood pitching for Rockies . Blum struck out swinging . Cowgill singled to center . McDonald popped out to shortstop . Saunders grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Smith struck out swinging . Rosario homered to left center ( 465 feet ) . Pacheco lined out to shortstop . Millwood grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Millwood pitching for Rockies . Parra flied out to left . Hill struck out swinging . Upton struck out swinging , Upton safe at first on wild pitch by Millwood . Montero popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler flied out to center . Ellis struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Millwood pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt singled to right center . Blum fouled out to third . Cowgill flied out to center . McDonald doubled to left , Goldschmidt scored . Saunders singled to left , McDonald scored . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Saunders to second on wild pitch by Reynolds . Parra singled to right center , Saunders to third . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Parra out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki singled to right center . Wigginton walked , Tulowitzki to second . Smith flied out to left . Rosario struck out swinging . Pacheco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Upton homered to left ( 393 feet ) . Montero walked . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Blum struck out swinging . Cowgill safe at first on error by third baseman Pacheco , Montero to second . Lindstrom pitching for Rockies . McDonald lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks . Young Jr. hit for Lindstrom . Young Jr. lined out to second . Fowler doubled to right . Ellis popped out to shortstop . Castillo pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Burroughs hit for Castillo . Burroughs doubled to left . Parra struck out swinging . Hill struck out swinging . Upton popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Wigginton grounded out to pitcher . Smith grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Romero pitching for Rockies . Montero struck out swinging . Miller pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt walked . Blum grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Goldschmidt out at second . Cowgill safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki , Blum to second . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Rosario struck out swinging , Rosario safe at first on wild pitch by Putz . Pacheco flied out to center . Giambi hit for Miller . Giambi struck out swinging . Rosario to second on fielder 's indifference . Fowler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Rockies 3 .	D - backs top Rockies , increase lead to seven \n\n