Mets - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Woodward grounded out to third. Lo Duca reached on infield single to third. Delgado popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Mets. Furcal grounded out to second. Lofton singled to right. Garciaparra homered to center, Lofton scored. Drew struck out looking. Kemp singled to left. Kemp stole second. Aybar flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Wright singled to center. Floyd singled to center, Wright to second. Chavez ran for Floyd. Valentin doubled to right, Wright scored, Floyd to third. Milledge hit sacrifice fly to center, Chavez scored. Martinez struck out swinging. Woodward walked. Chavez in left field. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Mets. Martinez walked. Martin grounded out to third, Martinez to second. Lowe struck out looking. Furcal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Beltran grounded out to second. Delgado walked. Wright safe at first on error by third baseman Aybar, Delgado to second. Chavez batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Mets. Lofton walked. Lofton stole second. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. Drew lined out to center, Lofton to third. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Milledge grounded out to shortstop. Martinez flied out to center. Woodward struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Mets. Aybar struck out swinging. Martinez flied out to left. Martin doubled to deep center. Lowe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Lo Duca grounded out to pitcher. Beltran walked. Delgado walked, Beltran to second. Wright reached on infield single to shortstop, Beltran hit by batted ball out at third, Delgado to second. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Mets. Furcal bunt popped out to pitcher. Lofton lined out to right. Garciaparra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Valentin struck out swinging. Milledge grounded out to shortstop. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Mets. Drew singled to right. Kemp homered to left, Drew scored. Aybar singled to right. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Aybar safe at third on error by second baseman Valentin. Bell pitching for Mets. Ethier hit for Lowe. Martin singled to right, Aybar scored, Martinez to third. Ethier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez scored, Martin out at second, Ethier to second on throwing error by second baseman Valentin. Furcal singled to center, Ethier scored. Furcal stole second. Lofton singled to right, Furcal to third. Garciaparra grounded out to second, Lofton to second. Drew intentionally walked. Furcal scored, Lofton to third, Drew to second on wild pitch by Bell. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Kemp in right field. Ethier in left field. Kemp struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Woodward singled to center. Lo Duca walked, Woodward to second. Beltran walked, Woodward to third, Lo Duca to second. Delgado singled to right, Woodward scored, Lo Duca to third, Beltran to second. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Wright walked, Lo Duca scored, Beltran to third, Delgado to second. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beltran scored, Wright out at second, Delgado to third. Valentin popped out to first. Milledge struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Bell pitching for Mets. Aybar struck out swinging. Martinez singled to center. Matsui hit for Bell. Martin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Matsui struck out swinging. Woodward reached on infield single to third. Lo Duca struck out swinging. Oliver pitching for Mets. Beltran struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Oliver pitching for Mets. Ethier singled to right. Furcal reached on bunt single to first, Ethier to second. Lofton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Furcal out at second, Ethier to third. Saenz hit for Saito. Garciaparra walked. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Saenz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Delgado struck out swinging. Wright struck out swinging. Chavez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 5 - Dodgers 8.	Gagne gets first save in nearly a year in win over Mets