Mets - Top 1st. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Reyes singled to left. Reyes picked off first. Lo Duca hit ground rule double to deep right. Beltran struck out swinging. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Glavine pitching for Mets. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Rios singled to left. Wells singled to center, Rios to second. Rios caught stealing third, pitcher to third to second to shortstop, Wells to second on runner's fielder's choice. Glaus lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Wright grounded out to shortstop. Valentin doubled to deep right. Valentin to third on passed ball by Molina. Franco struck out swinging. Nady tripled to deep right center, Valentin scored. Milledge flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Glavine pitching for Mets. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Molina singled to right. Overbay struck out looking. Hill grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Reyes popped out to shortstop. Lo Duca reached on infield single to second. Beltran singled to center, Lo Duca to second. Delgado grounded into fielder's choice to first, Beltran out at second, Lo Duca to third. Wright homered to left, Lo Duca and Delgado scored. Valentin fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Glavine pitching for Mets. Adams grounded out to pitcher. Johnson struck out swinging. Rios singled to center. Wells grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Franco grounded out to shortstop. Nady grounded out to second. Milledge homered to center. Reyes lined out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Glaus flied out to center. Hillenbrand singled to right. Molina grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hillenbrand out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop. Beltran flied out to right. Delgado walked. Wright grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Overbay singled to left. Hill grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Overbay out at second. Adams lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Valentin popped out to first. Franco grounded out to pitcher. Nady grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Johnson tripled to deep right center. Rios hit sacrifice fly to right, Johnson scored. Wells flied out to right. Glaus walked. Hillenbrand singled to left, Glaus to second. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Molina struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Milledge walked. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Milledge out at second. Lo Duca doubled to deep right center, Reyes scored, Lo Duca out stretching at third. Beltran popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Overbay flied out to left. Hill safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes. Adams grounded out to third, Hill to second. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 8th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Delgado struck out swinging. Wright struck out swinging. Sanchez pitching for Mets. Valentin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Rios singled to center. Bradford pitching for Mets. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rios out at second. Glaus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wells safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Wright. Hillenbrand grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Wells out at third, Glaus to second. Molina struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Top 9th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Franco flied out to right. Nady struck out swinging. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Milledge grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Overbay flied out to center. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Adams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 6 - Blue Jays 1.	Glavine majors' first to 11 wins; Mets' road streak at 9