Pirates - Top 1st. Glavine pitching for Mets. Bautista struck out looking. Wilson flied out to center. Casey struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Reyes grounded out to second. Woodward struck out looking. Beltran flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Glavine pitching for Mets. Bay flied out to center. Sanchez hit ground rule double to right. Randa singled to left, Sanchez to third. Wilson singled to left, Sanchez scored, Randa to second. Paulino grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wilson out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Delgado grounded out to second. Wright grounded out to third. Floyd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Glavine pitching for Mets. Duke flied out to right. Bautista singled to right center. Wilson singled to right, Bautista to second. Casey grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilson out at second, Bautista to third. Bay singled to left, Bautista scored, Casey to second. Sanchez popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Nady singled to center. Castro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nady out at second. Glavine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Randa grounded out to third. Wilson singled to left. Paulino struck out swinging. Duke doubled to center, Wilson to third. Bautista popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Reyes singled to left. Woodward reached on infield single to shortstop, Reyes to second. Beltran popped out to second. Delgado singled to left center, Reyes to third, Woodward to second. Wright singled to center, Reyes and Woodward scored, Delgado to second. Floyd struck out swinging. Nady singled to right, Delgado scored, Wright to third. Castro singled to left, Wright scored, Nady to second. Glavine grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Wilson singled to left. Casey grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilson out at second. Bay singled to center, Casey to second. Sanchez fouled out to first. Randa singled to center, Casey scored, Bay to second. Wilson popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Reyes singled to right. Reyes stole second, Reyes safe at third on throwing error by catcher Paulino. Woodward grounded out to third. Beltran grounded out to third. Chavez in left field. Delgado flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 6th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Paulino walked. Heilman pitching for Mets. Duke sacrificed to pitcher, Paulino to second, Duke safe at first on error by pitcher Glavine. Bautista hit by pitch, Paulino to third, Duke to second. Wilson popped out to second. Casey walked, Paulino scored, Duke to third, Bautista to second. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to third, Duke scored, Casey out at second, Bautista to third. Sanchez singled to right, Bautista scored, Bay to second. Randa flied out to center. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 6th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Wright flied out to center. Chavez walked. Capps pitching for Pirates. Nady grounded into double play, third to second to first, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Heilman pitching for Mets. Wilson struck out swinging. McLouth hit for Capps. Paulino flied out to left. Torres pitching for Pirates. McLouth in right field. McLouth lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Valentin hit for Heilman. Torres pitching for Pirates. Castro struck out looking. Valentin grounded out to pitcher. Reyes singled to right. Reyes stole second, Reyes safe at third on throwing error by catcher Paulino. Sanchez pitching for Mets. Valentin at second base. Woodward flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 8th. Sanchez pitching for Mets. Bautista singled to center. Bautista picked off first. Wilson fouled out to first. Casey grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Beltran grounded out to first. Delgado walked. Hernandez pitching for Pirates. Wright walked, Delgado to second. Chavez doubled to left, Delgado scored, Wright to third. Nady singled to right, Wright and Chavez scored. Castro walked, Nady to second. Valentin grounded into fielder's choice to first, Castro out at second, Nady to third. Wagner pitching for Mets. Reyes struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Wagner pitching for Mets. Bay struck out swinging. Sanchez flied out to center. Castillo hit for Hernandez. Randa singled to left. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Randa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Mets 7.	Struggling Mets rally in 8th to beat Pirates