Red Sox - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for Astros . Hernández flied out to center . Verdugo reached on infield single to first . Martinez fouled out to catcher . Verdugo stole second , Verdugo safe at third on throwing error by catcher Maldonado . Bogaerts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 1st . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Altuve homered to left center ( 435 feet ) . Correa struck out swinging . Bregman struck out swinging . Alvarez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for Astros . Devers struck out swinging . Renfroe struck out swinging . Santana grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Gurriel struck out looking . Tucker doubled to right , Tucker out stretching at third . McCormick walked . Straw lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for Astros . Vázquez flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Hernández walked . Verdugo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Maldonado walked . Altuve walked , Maldonado to second . Correa grounded into double play , second to first , Altuve out at second , Maldonado to third . Bregman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Garcia pitching for Astros . Martinez struck out swinging . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Devers flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Alvarez doubled to deep right center . Gurriel walked . Tucker grounded out to pitcher , Gurriel to second , Alvarez to third . McCormick hit sacrifice fly to right , Alvarez scored , Gurriel to third . Straw struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Garcia pitching for Astros . Renfroe doubled to left . Santana singled to first baseman , Renfroe to third . Vázquez flied out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Renfroe scored , Santana to second . Hernández fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Maldonado flied out to center . Altuve struck out swinging . Correa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Garcia pitching for Astros . Verdugo singled to left . Martinez flied out to right . Bogaerts flied out to right . Devers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Bregman singled to shallow right center . Alvarez grounded into double play , second to third to first , Bregman out at second . Gurriel flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Garcia pitching for Astros . Renfroe grounded out to pitcher . Santana flied out to center . Vázquez singled to left . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Sawamura pitching for Red Sox . Tucker singled to right . McCormick safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Devers , Tucker to second . Straw grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tucker scored on throwing error by second baseman Gonzalez , McCormick out at second , Straw to second . Maldonado walked . Maldonado to second on wild pitch by Sawamura , Straw to third on wild pitch by Sawamura . Altuve intentionally walked . Whitlock pitching for Red Sox . Correa walked , Straw scored , Altuve to second , Maldonado to third . Bregman struck out looking . Alvarez reached on infield single to third , Maldonado scored , Correa to second , Altuve to third . Gurriel grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Correa out at third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Raley pitching for Astros . Hernández struck out swinging . Verdugo grounded out to shortstop . Martinez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Whitlock pitching for Red Sox . Tucker singled to center . McCormick struck out looking . Straw singled to right , Tucker to second . Maldonado lined out to left . Altuve walked , Straw to second , Tucker to third . Correa flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Stanek pitching for Astros . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Devers flied out to left . Renfroe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 1 - Astros 5 .	Garcia throws 7 solid innings , Astros beat Red Sox 5 - 1