Astros - Top 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Altuve flied out to left . Correa walked . Bregman struck out swinging . Alvarez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Astros . Hernández struck out swinging . Verdugo grounded out to shortstop . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Gurriel homered to right ( 315 feet ) . Tucker grounded out to second . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Maldonado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Astros . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . Devers reached on infield single to shortstop . Renfroe singled to shallow center , Devers to third . Vázquez singled to right , Devers scored , Renfroe to second . Arroyo lined out to right . Dalbec singled to left , Vázquez to second , Renfroe to third . Hernández walked , Renfroe scored , Dalbec to second , Vázquez to third . Verdugo grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Straw struck out swinging . Altuve singled to left , Altuve out stretching at second . Correa walked . Bregman singled to left center , Correa to second . Alvarez doubled to deep center , Bregman scored and Correa scored . Gurriel popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Astros . Martinez homered to center ( 411 feet ) . Bogaerts doubled to shallow left . Devers flied out to right . Renfroe grounded out to third , Bogaerts to third . Vázquez singled to center , Bogaerts scored . Arroyo lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Tucker lined out to center . Jones struck out swinging . Maldonado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Bielak pitching for Astros . Dalbec flied out to right . Hernández doubled to deep right . Verdugo grounded out to third . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Straw singled to center . Altuve flied out to center . Correa popped out to shortstop . Bregman singled to center , Straw to second . Alvarez walked , Bregman to second , Straw to third . Andriese pitching for Red Sox . Gurriel walked , Straw scored , Alvarez to second , Bregman to third . Tucker doubled to deep center , Bregman scored , Gurriel scored on error and Alvarez scored , Tucker safe at third on fielding error by center fielder Hernández . Jones flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Bielak pitching for Astros . Bogaerts grounded out to third . Devers singled to left . Renfroe popped out to second . Vázquez singled to right , Devers to third . Arroyo homered to left center ( 437 feet ) , Devers scored and Vázquez scored . Dalbec grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Red Sox . Maldonado flied out to center . Straw struck out looking . Altuve homered to left ( 354 feet ) . Correa struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Taylor pitching for Astros . Hernández doubled to deep left . Verdugo grounded out to shortstop , Hernández to third . Martinez hit sacrifice fly , Hernández scored , Martinez to first on fielding error by right fielder Tucker . Bogaerts walked , Martinez to second . Devers popped out to shortstop , Bogaerts safe at second on error , Martinez safe at third on fielding error by shortstop Correa . Paredes pitching for Astros . Renfroe walked . Vázquez hit by pitch , Martinez scored , Renfroe to second , Bogaerts to third . Arroyo walked , Bogaerts scored , Vázquez to second , Renfroe to third . Raley pitching for Astros . Dalbec doubled to deep left , Renfroe scored and Vázquez scored , Arroyo to third . Hernández popped out to second . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Ottavino pitching for Red Sox . Bregman struck out looking . Alvarez singled to deep left . Gurriel grounded into double play , catcher to first to second , Alvarez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Raley pitching for Astros . Verdugo grounded out to second . Martinez flied out to right . Bogaerts singled to shallow left . Devers popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Taylor pitching for Red Sox . Tucker lined out to center . Jones struck out looking . Maldonado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Renfroe grounded out to shortstop . Vázquez grounded out to third . Arroyo hit by pitch . Dalbec lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Straw reached on infield single to second . Altuve lined out to shortstop . Correa fouled out to first . Bregman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 8 - Red Sox 12 .	Red Sox beat Astros 12 - 8 , avoid sweep as Martinez homers