Phillies - Top 1st . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Segura tripled to deep center . Realmuto doubled to deep left , Segura scored . Harper grounded out to second , Realmuto to third . McCutchen struck out swinging . Miller struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Hernández homered to left ( 363 feet ) . Verdugo walked . Martinez walked , Verdugo to second . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Devers walked , Martinez to second , Verdugo to third . Renfroe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Verdugo scored , Devers out at second , Martinez to third . Arroyo lined out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Hoskins singled to right center . Gregorius singled to right center , Gregorius safe at second on fielding error by center fielder Hernández , Hoskins safe at third on error . Bohm singled to right , Hoskins scored and Gregorius scored . Jankowski grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bohm out at second . Segura lined out to shortstop . Jankowski to second on pickoff error by pitcher Richards . Realmuto struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Vázquez flied out to right . Dalbec doubled to left . Hernández flied out to second . Verdugo walked . Martinez homered to right ( 400 feet ) , Dalbec scored and Verdugo scored . Bogaerts struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Harper grounded out to second . McCutchen singled to left . Miller struck out looking . Hoskins fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Devers homered to center ( 419 feet ) . Renfroe doubled to deep center . Arroyo grounded out to pitcher . Vázquez reached on infield single to first , Renfroe scored . De Los Santos pitching for Phillies . Dalbec singled to right center , Vázquez to second . Hernández flied out to right , Vázquez to third . Verdugo singled to right , Vázquez scored , Dalbec to third . Martinez hit ground rule double to deep right center , Dalbec scored , Verdugo to third . Bogaerts struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Gregorius grounded out to second . Bohm walked . Jankowski grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Bohm out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . De Los Santos pitching for Phillies . Devers struck out swinging . Renfroe grounded out to third . Arroyo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Realmuto singled to right . Harper grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Realmuto out at second . McCutchen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Kintzler pitching for Phillies . Vázquez walked . Dalbec grounded out to shortstop , Vázquez to second . Hernández hit ground rule double to right , Vázquez scored . Verdugo grounded out to first , Hernández to third . Martinez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Ríos pitching for Red Sox . Miller popped out to third . Hoskins lined out to center . Gregorius struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Kintzler pitching for Phillies . Bogaerts reached on infield single to shortstop . Devers lined out to right . Renfroe singled to left , Bogaerts to second . Arroyo struck out looking . Brogdon pitching for Phillies . Vázquez singled to right , Bogaerts scored , Renfroe to third . Dalbec grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vázquez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Andriese pitching for Red Sox . Bohm walked . Jankowski singled to left center , Bohm to second . Segura grounded out to third , Jankowski to second , Bohm to third . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop , Bohm scored . Harper singled to shallow right center , Jankowski scored . McCutchen struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Alvarado pitching for Phillies . Hernández struck out swinging . Verdugo reached on infield single to pitcher . Martinez walked , Verdugo to second . Bogaerts grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second , Verdugo to third . Devers walked , Bogaerts to second . Renfroe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Williams hit for Miller . Hernandez pitching for Red Sox . Williams struck out swinging . Hoskins struck out swinging . Gregorius grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Knapp catching . Williams in center field . Jankowski in right field . Torreyes pitching for Phillies . Arroyo flied out to right . Vázquez grounded out to shortstop . Dalbec popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Bohm struck out looking . Jankowski struck out swinging . Segura grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 5 - Red Sox 11 .	Hernández leads off with homer , Red Sox beat Phillies 11 - 5