Blue Jays - Top 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Springer struck out swinging . Guerrero Jr. singled to right . Semien doubled to left , Guerrero Jr. to third . Bichette walked . Hernández doubled to deep right , Guerrero Jr. scored and Semien scored , Bichette to third . Grichuk grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bichette out at home . Biggio singled to right , Hernández scored , Biggio to second , Grichuk to third . Espinal struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Jin Ryu pitching for Blue Jays . Hernández singled to deep left . Duran grounded out to shortstop , Hernández to second . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Martinez safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Bichette , Hernández safe at third on error . Renfroe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . McGuire doubled to left . Springer singled to center , McGuire scored . Guerrero Jr. struck out swinging . Semien struck out swinging . Bichette struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Jin Ryu pitching for Blue Jays . Verdugo reached on infield single to catcher . Vázquez flied out to right . Dalbec hit by pitch , Verdugo to second . Cordero struck out swinging . Hernández popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Hernández struck out looking . Grichuk flied out to center . Biggio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Jin Ryu pitching for Blue Jays . Duran grounded out to first . Bogaerts grounded out to third . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Espinal singled to left . McGuire struck out swinging . Springer walked , Espinal to second . Guerrero Jr. walked , Springer to second , Espinal to third . Semien walked , Espinal scored , Guerrero Jr. to second , Springer to third . Valdéz pitching for Red Sox . Bichette grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Springer scored , Semien out at second , Guerrero Jr. to third . Hernández hit by pitch , Bichette to second . Grichuk flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Jin Ryu pitching for Blue Jays . Renfroe grounded out to third . Verdugo popped out to third . Vázquez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Valdez pitching for Red Sox . Biggio fouled out to left . Espinal walked . McGuire lined out to left . Springer walked , Espinal to second . Guerrero Jr. homered to left ( 436 feet ) , Espinal scored and Springer scored . Semien grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Jin Ryu pitching for Blue Jays . Dalbec grounded out to second . Cordero struck out swinging . Hernández lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Bichette doubled to left . Hernández singled to left center , Bichette to third . Grichuk singled to left , Bichette scored , Hernández to second . Biggio grounded out to second , Grichuk to second , Hernández to third . Espinal singled to center , Hernández scored , Grichuk to third . McGuire hit ground rule double to right , Grichuk scored , Espinal to third . Springer struck out swinging . Guerrero Jr. grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Jin Ryu pitching for Blue Jays . Duran grounded out to second . Wong hit for Bogaerts . Wong safe at first on fielding error by right fielder Hernández , Wong safe at second on error . Martinez struck out swinging . Renfroe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Chavis at second base . Wong catching . Vázquez at third base . Dalbec at shortstop . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Semien doubled to left . Bichette flied out to right , Semien to third . Hernández singled to left , Semien scored . Grichuk grounded out to second , Hernández to second . Biggio grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Valera at second base . Saucedo pitching for Blue Jays . Verdugo grounded out to second . Vázquez doubled to center . Dalbec doubled to deep center , Vázquez scored . Cordero grounded out to shortstop . Chavis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Plawecki at first base . Cordero in right field . Hernandez pitching for Red Sox . Espinal lined out to shortstop . McGuire doubled to deep right center . Springer struck out swinging . Guerrero Jr. flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Dolís pitching for Blue Jays . Duran grounded out to third . Wong walked . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wong safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Bichette . Plawecki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at second , Wong to third . Verdugo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Martinez in left field . Kevin Plawecki pitching for Red Sox . Verdugo in right field . Cordero at first base . Valera lined out to left . Bichette popped out to shortstop . Hernández grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Snead pitching for Blue Jays . Vázquez reached on infield single to shortstop . Dalbec struck out looking . Cordero singled to right , Vázquez to second . Chavis struck out looking . Cordero to second on wild pitch by Snead , Vázquez to third on wild pitch by Snead . Duran struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 13 - Red Sox 1 .	Guerrero hits 3 - run homer out of Fenway as Jays rout Red Sox