Twins - Top 1st . Sale pitching for Red Sox . Refsnyder struck out swinging . Rooker walked . Donaldson struck out swinging . Sanó grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Gant pitching for Twins . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Schwarber walked . Martinez struck out swinging . Devers flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Sale pitching for Red Sox . Arraez grounded out to first . Jeffers struck out swinging . Astudillo lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Gant pitching for Twins . Verdugo walked . Vázquez walked , Verdugo to second . Arroyo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vázquez to second , Verdugo out at third . Duran grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Arroyo out at second , Vázquez to third . Dalbec homered to center ( 410 feet ) , Vázquez scored and Duran scored . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Sale pitching for Red Sox . Gordon struck out swinging . Simmons struck out swinging . Refsnyder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Gant pitching for Twins . Schwarber doubled to deep right . Martinez struck out looking . Devers grounded out to first , Schwarber to third . Verdugo singled to center , Schwarber scored . Verdugo to second on pickoff error by pitcher Gant . Vázquez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 4th . Sale pitching for Red Sox . Rooker struck out swinging . Donaldson flied out to center . Sanó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Gant pitching for Twins . Arroyo grounded out to second . Duran struck out swinging . Dalbec grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Sale pitching for Red Sox . Arraez grounded out to second . Jeffers reached on infield single to catcher . Astudillo homered to left ( 412 feet ) , Jeffers scored . Gordon flied out to left . Simmons flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Barraclough pitching for Twins . Hernández reached on infield single to third . Schwarber walked , Hernández to second . Martinez flied out to left . Devers singled to right , Hernández scored , Schwarber to third . Verdugo struck out swinging . Devers stole second . Vázquez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Sale pitching for Red Sox . Refsnyder flied out to center . Rooker walked . Donaldson hit by pitch , Rooker to second . Whitlock pitching for Red Sox . Sanó struck out swinging . Arraez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . García pitching for Twins . Arroyo hit by pitch . Duran singled to center , Arroyo to second . Duran to second on wild pitch by García , Arroyo to third on wild pitch by García . Dalbec singled to center , Arroyo scored and Duran scored . Hernández walked , Dalbec to second . Schwarber walked , Hernández to second , Dalbec to third . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dalbec scored , Schwarber out at second , Hernández to third . Devers homered to right center ( 395 feet ) , Hernández scored . Verdugo grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Whitlock pitching for Red Sox . Jeffers struck out swinging . Astudillo grounded out to third . Gordon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Garcia pitching for Twins . Vázquez grounded out to first . Arroyo grounded out to second . Duran walked . Dalbec homered to left ( 381 feet ) , Duran scored . Garza Jr. pitching for Twins . Hernández struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Simmons singled to left . Refsnyder flied out to right . Rooker grounded out to third , Simmons to second . Donaldson walked . Sanó walked , Donaldson to second , Simmons to third . Arraez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Cave in center field . Willians Astudillo pitching for Twins . Gordon at third base . Schwarber walked . Schwarber to second on passed ball by Jeffers . Martinez grounded out to third . Devers flied out to left . Verdugo safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Gordon , Schwarber safe at third on error . Vázquez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Verdugo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 9th . Schwarber at first base . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Kepler hit for Jeffers . Dalbec at third base . Kepler hit by pitch . Astudillo grounded out to pitcher , Kepler to second . Gordon struck out swinging . Simmons walked . Simmons to second on wild pitch by Barnes , Kepler to third on wild pitch by Barnes . Refsnyder struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 2 - Red Sox 12 .	Sale and Dalbec lead Red Sox to 12 - 2 rout of Twins