Red Sox - Top 1st . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Renfroe homered to center ( 414 feet ) . Bogaerts flied out to left . Devers grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Houck pitching for Red Sox . Crawford grounded out to second . Haniger lined out to right . Seager grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Martinez flied out to right . Schwarber walked . Dalbec hit ground rule double to deep left center , Schwarber to third . Plawecki grounded out to first , Schwarber scored , Dalbec to third . Iglesias doubled to deep center , Dalbec scored . Hernández lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Houck pitching for Red Sox . France struck out swinging . Toro grounded out to pitcher . Fraley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Renfroe struck out swinging . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Devers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Houck pitching for Red Sox . Torrens struck out swinging . Kelenic singled to center . Murphy singled to right , Kelenic scored on throwing error by right fielder Renfroe , Murphy to second . Crawford walked . Crawford to second on wild pitch by Houck , Murphy to third on wild pitch by Houck . Haniger lined out to shortstop . Seager doubled to shallow left , Crawford scored and Murphy scored . France struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 4th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Martinez flied out to right . Schwarber struck out swinging . Dalbec struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Houck pitching for Red Sox . Toro struck out swinging . Fraley struck out looking . Torrens struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Plawecki grounded out to shortstop . Iglesias walked . Hernández flied out to left . Renfroe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Houck pitching for Red Sox . Kelenic singled to center . Kelenic stole second . Murphy struck out looking . Taylor pitching for Red Sox . Crawford grounded out to second , Kelenic to third . Haniger intentionally walked . Seager grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Bogaerts struck out looking . Devers grounded out to second . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Richards pitching for Red Sox . France reached on infield single to shortstop . Toro grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , France out at second . Fraley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Sadler pitching for Mariners . Schwarber flied out to right . Dalbec walked . Plawecki struck out looking . Dalbec stole second . Iglesias reached on infield single to second , Dalbec to third . Verdugo hit for Hernández . Sewald pitching for Mariners . Verdugo lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Verdugo in center field . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Torrens singled to center . Kelenic flied out to center . Moore ran for Torrens . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Moore out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Moore as designated hitter . Sewald pitching for Mariners . Renfroe grounded out to pitcher . Bogaerts struck out looking . Devers walked . Martinez reached first base on catcher 's interference , Martinez to first on error by catcher Murphy , Devers to second on error . Schwarber flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Davis pitching for Red Sox . Crawford flied out to right . Haniger safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Devers . Seager popped out to first . Ottavino pitching for Red Sox . France struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 9th . Castillo pitching for Mariners . Dalbec struck out swinging . Vázquez hit for Plawecki . Vázquez struck out swinging . Shaw hit for Iglesias . Shaw popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Vázquez catching . Lopez at second base . Ottavino pitching for Red Sox . Toro flied out to shortstop . Fraley lined out to shortstop . Bauers hit for Moore . Bauers hit by pitch . Bauers stole second . Kelenic struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 10th . Bauers as designated hitter . Swanson pitching for Mariners . Verdugo singled to left , Lopez to third . Lopez scored , Verdugo to second on passed ball by Murphy . Renfroe walked . Bogaerts singled to center , Renfroe to second , Verdugo to third . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Devers grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bogaerts to second , Renfroe to third , Verdugo out at home . Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop , Renfroe scored , Devers to second , Bogaerts to third . Schwarber singled to right , Bogaerts scored and Devers scored , Martinez to second . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Dalbec walked , Schwarber to second , Martinez to third . Vázquez doubled to shallow right , Martinez scored and Schwarber scored , Dalbec to third . Lopez struck out swinging . Verdugo flied out to left . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 10th . Pérez pitching for Red Sox . Murphy struck out swinging . Kelenic to third on balk . Crawford grounded out to shortstop , Kelenic scored . Haniger struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 9 - Mariners 4 .	Schwarber , Vazquez power Red Sox past Mariners 9 - 4 in 10