Yankees - Top 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . LeMahieu singled to right center . Rizzo grounded into double play , first to third to first , LeMahieu out at second . Judge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Hernández singled to shallow center . Renfroe flied out to right . Devers flied out to left . Bogaerts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Stanton struck out swinging . Gallo popped out to second . Torres popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Martinez struck out swinging . Dalbec struck out swinging . Arroyo reached on infield single to second . Verdugo lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Sánchez struck out looking . Gardner struck out looking . Urshela singled to center . LeMahieu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Vázquez lined out to left . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Renfroe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Rizzo grounded out to second . Judge struck out swinging . Stanton singled to shallow right center . Gallo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Devers singled to center . Devers stole second . Bogaerts singled to left , Devers to third . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to left , Devers scored , Bogaerts to second . Dalbec struck out swinging . Arroyo grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Torres walked . Sánchez singled to left , Torres to second . Gardner singled to center , Sánchez to second , Torres to third . Urshela grounded into double play , second to first , Torres scored , Gardner out at second , Sánchez to third . LeMahieu singled to right , Sánchez scored . Rizzo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Verdugo singled to shallow left . Vázquez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Verdugo out at second . Hernández singled to deep left . Renfroe singled to center , Hernández to second . Devers flied out to right . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Robles pitching for Red Sox . Judge lined out to left . Stanton struck out swinging . Gallo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Holmes pitching for Yankees . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Martinez struck out swinging . Dalbec struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Torres grounded out to second . Sánchez struck out swinging . Gardner flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Shaw hit for Arroyo . Iglesias hit for Shaw . Rodríguez pitching for Yankees . Iglesias singled to left . Verdugo reached on bunt single to second , Iglesias to second . Verdugo to second on wild pitch by Rodríguez , Iglesias to third on wild pitch by Rodríguez . Vázquez hit sacrifice fly to right , Iglesias scored . Green pitching for Yankees . Hernández struck out looking . Schwarber hit for Renfroe . Schwarber continues to at bat after dropped foul ball by third baseman LeMahieu . Verdugo scored on error , Schwarber safe at first on fielding error by left fielder Gallo , Schwarber thrown out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Schwarber in left field . Iglesias at second base . Verdugo in right field . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Urshela walked . Wade ran for Urshela . Wade caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . LeMahieu walked . Rizzo doubled to deep right , LeMahieu to third . Ottavino pitching for Red Sox . Judge doubled to deep center , LeMahieu scored and Rizzo scored . Stanton homered to left ( 448 feet ) , Judge scored . Gallo hit by pitch . Brasier pitching for Red Sox . Torres lined out to right . Sánchez grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Wade at shortstop . Green pitching for Yankees . Devers hit ground rule double to right . Bogaerts flied out to right . Martinez singled to left , Devers to third . Dalbec struck out swinging . Iglesias lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Brasier pitching for Red Sox . Gardner grounded out to shortstop . Wade singled to right . Wade caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Verdugo popped out to shortstop . Vázquez grounded out to second . Hernández walked . Hernández to second on fielder 's indifference . Hernández to third on fielder 's indifference . Schwarber struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 6 - Red Sox 3 .	Yankees sweep , beat Red Sox 6 - 3 to take AL wild - card lead