Red Sox - Top 1st . Lowther pitching for Orioles . Hernández safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Martin . Renfroe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hernández out at second . Devers grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Renfroe out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . Mullins struck out swinging . Mountcastle struck out looking . Hays doubled to left . Mancini flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Lowther pitching for Orioles . Bogaerts flied out to center . Martinez homered to center ( 444 feet ) . Dalbec struck out swinging . Plawecki singled to right . Verdugo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . Severino struck out swinging . McKenna struck out looking . Valaika struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Lowther pitching for Orioles . Iglesias singled to center . Hernández singled to left , Iglesias to second . Renfroe lined into double play , third to second , Iglesias doubled off second . Devers singled to center , Hernández to third . Bogaerts grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Devers out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . Gutierrez doubled to right . Martin lined out to shortstop . Mullins grounded out to second , Gutierrez to third . Mountcastle fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Lowther pitching for Orioles . Martinez struck out swinging . Dalbec flied out to center . Plawecki struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . Hays grounded out to second . Mancini fouled out to right . Severino singled to shallow right . McKenna struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Lowther pitching for Orioles . Verdugo singled to center . Iglesias singled to center , Verdugo to second . Hernández grounded into double play , third to first , Iglesias to second , Verdugo out at third . Renfroe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . Valaika grounded out to shortstop . Gutierrez grounded out to second . Martin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Lowther pitching for Orioles . Devers singled to left . Hanhold pitching for Orioles . Bogaerts safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Gutierrez , Bogaerts safe at second on error , Devers safe at third on error . Martinez doubled to left , Bogaerts scored and Devers scored . Dalbec struck out swinging . Plawecki struck out looking . Martinez to third on wild pitch by Hanhold . Verdugo grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox . Mullins doubled to left . Mountcastle walked . Hays flied out to center . Mancini struck out swinging . Severino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Kriske pitching for Orioles . Iglesias struck out swinging . Hernández flied out to first . Renfroe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Brasier pitching for Red Sox . McKenna walked . Valaika struck out swinging . Gutierrez grounded out to third , McKenna to second . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Wade pitching for Orioles . Devers struck out looking . Bogaerts singled to center . Martinez singled to left , Bogaerts to second . Schwarber hit for Dalbec . Schwarber struck out swinging . Shaw hit for Plawecki . Shaw walked , Martinez to second , Bogaerts to third . Verdugo singled to left , Bogaerts scored and Martinez scored , Shaw thrown out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Vázquez catching . Shaw at first base . Robles pitching for Red Sox . Mullins struck out swinging . Mountcastle flied out to right . Hays popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Watkins pitching for Orioles . Iglesias grounded out to shortstop . Hernández flied out to right . Renfroe homered to left center ( 406 feet ) . Devers struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Mancini struck out swinging . Severino safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Bogaerts . McKenna lined out to left . Valaika fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Red Sox 6 - Orioles 0 .	Martinez helps Red Sox end slide with 6 - 0 win over Orioles