Astros - Top 1st . Sale pitching for Red Sox . Altuve flied out to left . Brantley struck out swinging . Bregman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Valdez pitching for Astros . Hernández struck out looking . Schwarber grounded out to shortstop . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Sale pitching for Red Sox . Alvarez homered to left center ( 390 feet ) . Correa struck out looking . Tucker flied out to left . Gurriel struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Valdez pitching for Astros . Devers grounded out to first . Martinez struck out swinging . Renfroe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Sale pitching for Red Sox . Siri popped out to pitcher . Maldonado grounded out to third . Altuve struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Valdez pitching for Astros . Verdugo grounded out to first . Arroyo grounded out to third . Vázquez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Sale pitching for Red Sox . Brantley struck out swinging . Bregman walked . Alvarez singled to left , Bregman to third . Correa struck out swinging . Tucker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Hernández grounded out to third . Schwarber grounded out to first . Bogaerts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Sale pitching for Red Sox . Gurriel grounded out to third . Siri lined out to center . Maldonado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Devers singled to right . Martinez hit by pitch , Devers to second . Renfroe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second , Devers to third . Verdugo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Sale pitching for Red Sox . Altuve walked . Brantley safe at first on error by first baseman Schwarber , Altuve safe at third on error . Bregman grounded out to pitcher , Brantley to second . Alvarez doubled to left , Altuve scored and Brantley scored . Brasier pitching for Red Sox . Correa struck out swinging . Tucker reached on infield single to shortstop , Alvarez to third . Gurriel doubled to right , Alvarez scored , Tucker to third . Siri singled to right , Tucker scored and Gurriel scored . Maldonado lined out to left . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Arroyo struck out swinging . Vázquez doubled to left . Hernández flied out to right . Schwarber lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Robles pitching for Red Sox . Altuve singled to right . Altuve to second on pickoff error by pitcher Robles . Brantley singled to center , Altuve scored . Bregman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Brantley out at second . Hernandez pitching for Red Sox . Alvarez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Bogaerts grounded out to third . Devers homered to right ( 402 feet ) . Martinez walked . Renfroe grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Red Sox . Correa grounded out to third . Tucker walked . Sawamura pitching for Red Sox . Gurriel singled to center , Tucker to second . Siri struck out swinging . Gurriel to second on wild pitch by Sawamura , Tucker to third on wild pitch by Sawamura . Maldonado walked . Altuve lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Verdugo grounded out to second . Arroyo lined out to right . Vázquez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Pérez pitching for Red Sox . Brantley singled to center . Bregman walked , Brantley to second . Alvarez grounded out to pitcher , Bregman to second , Brantley to third . Correa intentionally walked . Tucker grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Correa to second , Bregman to third , Brantley out at home . Gurriel singled to center , Bregman scored and Correa scored , Tucker to second . Siri grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gurriel out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Stanek pitching for Astros . Hernández flied out to right . Schwarber flied out to center . Bogaerts grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 9 - Red Sox 1 .	Astros ' Valdez goes 8 , beats Red Sox 9 - 1 for 3 - 2 ALCS lead