Giants - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn grounded out to second . Vizquel reached on infield single to second . Finley grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Vizquel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Cain pitching for Giants . Counsell flied out to right . DaVanon bunt grounded out to second . Tracy walked . Gonzalez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney homered to right . Alou grounded out to shortstop . Durham singled to right . Feliz singled to right , Durham to second . Matheny singled to center , Durham thrown out at home , Feliz to second . Cain struck out swinging . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Cain pitching for Giants . Clark flied out to left . Estrada flied out to center . Hudson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn singled to center . Vizquel grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first to second , Winn out at second . Finley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Cain pitching for Giants . Byrnes popped out to first . Webb grounded out to shortstop . Counsell grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney safe at first on error by first baseman Clark . Alou grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sweeney out at second . Durham grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Cain pitching for Giants . DaVanon homered to right . Tracy doubled to deep right center . Gonzalez tripled to deep left , Tracy scored . Clark walked . Gonzalez scored , Clark to second on balk by Cain . Estrada flied out to right , Clark to third . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Byrnes walked . Webb struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Feliz struck out looking . Matheny walked . Cain struck out swinging . Winn lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Cain pitching for Giants . Counsell singled to center . DaVanon reached on infield single to second , Counsell to second . Tracy flied out to left , Counsell to third . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to shortstop , Counsell scored . Clark doubled to left , DaVanon scored . Estrada flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . Finley walked . Correia pitching for Giants . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Finley out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Correia pitching for Giants . Hudson singled to center . Byrnes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hudson out at second . Webb singled to right center . Counsell singled to center , Webb to second . DaVanon tripled to deep right center , Webb and Counsell scored . Tracy struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Alou homered to left center . Durham grounded out to second . Feliz struck out swinging . Matheny grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Correia pitching for Giants . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Clark grounded out to second . Ishikawa hit for Correia . Estrada grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Ishikawa singled to right . Winn singled to left center , Ishikawa to second . Vizquel flied out to right , Ishikawa to third . Finley singled to right , Ishikawa scored , Winn to second . Sweeney lined out to left . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Munter pitching for Giants . Ishikawa at first base . Alou popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Munter pitching for Giants . Hudson struck out looking . Green hit for Lyon . Byrnes walked . Green singled to left , Byrnes to second . Counsell grounded out to first , Byrnes to third , Green to second . DaVanon walked . Tracy singled to center , Byrnes and Green scored , DaVanon to third . Gonzalez hit ground rule double to deep center , DaVanon scored , Tracy to third . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham struck out looking . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . Matheny struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 3 - Diamondbacks 10 .	DaVanon falls double short of cycle in D - Backs ' win