Giants - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn singled to center . Vizquel reached on bunt single to pitcher , Winn to second . Finley walked , Winn to third , Vizquel to second . Alou singled to left , Winn scored , Vizquel to third , Finley to second . Greene struck out swinging . Durham tripled to deep center , Vizquel , Finley and Alou scored . Niekro singled to left , Durham scored . Feliz fouled out to first . Wright flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Wright pitching for Giants . DaVanon grounded out to pitcher . Easley walked . Tracy walked , Easley to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tracy out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel walked . Finley flied out to center . Alou popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Wright pitching for Giants . Jackson walked . Green lined out to shortstop . Jackson to second on wild pitch by Wright . Hudson walked . Estrada grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jackson to third , Hudson to second . Vargas grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Estrada out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Greene doubled to deep left . Durham singled to right center , Greene to third . Niekro walked , Durham to second . Feliz flied out to right , Greene thrown out at home , Durham to third . Wright singled to left , Durham scored , Niekro to second . Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn walked , Niekro to third , Wright to second . Vizquel flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Wright pitching for Giants . DaVanon grounded out to second . Easley grounded out to shortstop . Tracy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks . Finley walked . Alou lined out to shortstop . Greene flied out to center . Durham grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Finley out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Wright pitching for Giants . Gonzalez homered to right center . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Green grounded out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks . Niekro popped out to second . Feliz struck out swinging . Wright singled to center . Winn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Wright pitching for Giants . Estrada singled to right . Grimsley struck out bunting foul . DaVanon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Estrada out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . Finley grounded out to shortstop . Alou grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Wright pitching for Giants . Easley grounded out to third . Tracy grounded out to first . Gonzalez singled to left . Jackson singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Green struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks . Greene struck out swinging . Durham grounded out to shortstop . Niekro fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Wright pitching for Giants . Hudson walked . Byrnes hit for Grimsley . Estrada flied out to left . Hudson stole second . Fassero pitching for Giants . Byrnes flied out to center , Hudson to third . Hudson scored on Fassero 's wild pitch . DaVanon singled to left . Kline pitching for Giants . Vizcaino at first base . Green at second base . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Easley flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Feliz struck out swinging . Vizcaino grounded out to first . Winn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Kline pitching for Giants . Tracy walked . Tracy to second on fielder 's indifference . Gonzalez singled to center , Tracy scored . Jackson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . Green walked . Worrell pitching for Giants . Ellison in left field . Green reached on bunt single to third , Green to second . Clark hit for Aquino . Estrada homered to right center , Green and Green scored . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Vizquel fouled out to first . Finley singled to center . Finley to second on wild pitch by Medders . Bonds hit for Greene . Alou singled to right center , Finley to third . Bonds intentionally walked , Alou to second . Sweeney hit for Ellison . Durham popped out to third . Sweeney walked , Finley scored , Alou to third , Bonds to second . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Feliz doubled to left , Alou and Bonds scored , Sweeney to third . Vizcaino intentionally walked . Matheny catching . Sweeney at first base . Feliz in left field . Vizcaino at third base . Worrell grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Worrell pitching for Giants . DaVanon grounded out to second . Easley grounded out to third . Tracy homered to right center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 9 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Giants blow 6 - run lead , rally to beat Arizona