Giants - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Winn grounded out to third . Vizquel singled to center . Finley popped out to third . Bonds safe at first on error by second baseman Carroll , Vizquel to third . Durham grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Lowry pitching for Giants . Carroll flied out to right . Barmes lined out to second . Helton popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Feliz grounded out to pitcher . Greene struck out swinging . Niekro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Holliday flied out to left . Atkins lined out to shortstop . Hawpe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Lowry grounded out to shortstop . Winn walked . Vizquel grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Winn out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Torrealba grounded out to pitcher . Freeman walked . Cook sacrificed to catcher , Freeman to second . Carroll reached on infield single to third , Freeman to third . Barmes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Finley doubled to deep right . Bonds intentionally walked . Durham singled to right , Finley scored , Bonds to second . Feliz grounded into double play , third to second to first , Durham out at second , Bonds to third . Greene singled to center , Bonds scored . Niekro singled to center , Greene to third . Lowry grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Helton walked . Holliday struck out looking . Atkins walked , Helton to second . Hawpe singled to right , Helton scored , Atkins to third . Torrealba struck out swinging . Freeman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hawpe out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Winn grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel singled to right . Finley grounded out to pitcher , Vizquel to second . Bonds singled to center , Vizquel scored . Durham singled to right , Bonds to second . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bonds out at third , Durham to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Cook lined out to center . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Barmes singled to center . Helton walked , Barmes to second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Greene popped out to second . Niekro grounded out to shortstop . Lowry flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . Hawpe tripled to deep left center . Torrealba grounded out to third . Freeman lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Winn struck out swinging . Martin pitching for Rockies . Vizquel tripled to deep center . Finley singled to center , Vizquel scored . Bonds grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Finley out at second . Spilborghs hit for Martin . Durham grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Spilborghs grounded out to second . Carroll walked . Barmes flied out to left . Accardo pitching for Giants . Vizcaino at second base . Helton homered to right , Carroll scored . Holliday singled to right . Atkins doubled to deep center , Holliday scored . Piedra hit for Torrealba . Hawpe intentionally walked . Piedra singled to left center , Atkins scored , Hawpe to second . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Closser catching . Freeman struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Feliz doubled to deep left center . Greene doubled to deep right , Feliz scored . Frandsen ran for Greene . Niekro struck out swinging . Vizcaino lined out to right . King pitching for Rockies . Winn doubled to center , Frandsen scored . Vizquel singled to left , Winn scored . Finley singled to left center , Vizquel to second . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Ellison in left field . Alfonzo catching . Bonds popped out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Closser hit by pitch . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Closser out at second . Barmes flied out to right . Correia pitching for Giants . Helton safe at first on error by left fielder Ellison , Carroll scored . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helton out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 9th . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Ellison doubled to left . Feliz homered to left , Ellison scored . Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop . Niekro grounded out to second . Benitez pitching for Giants . Vizcaino grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Benitez pitching for Giants . Atkins grounded out to second . Sullivan hit for Cortes . Hawpe doubled to deep left center . Sullivan flied out to center . Freeman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 9 - Rockies 6 .	Alou wins 1,000th game as Giants rally past Rockies