Giants - Top 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Winn grounded out to third . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . Niekro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Carroll struck out looking . Sullivan singled to center . Helton struck out swinging . Sullivan caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Durham grounded out to shortstop . Feliz walked . Finley lined out to left . Ellison singled to center , Feliz to second . Alfonzo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Holliday safe at first on error by third baseman Feliz . Atkins walked , Holliday to second . Hawpe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Atkins out at second , Holliday to third . Closser singled to right , Holliday scored , Hawpe to second . Quintanilla walked , Hawpe to third , Closser to second . Francis hit sacrifice fly to left , Hawpe scored , Closser to third , Quintanilla to second on throwing error by left fielder Ellison . Carroll grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Schmidt flied out to right . Winn struck out swinging . Vizquel flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Sullivan grounded out to shortstop . Helton homered to right center . Holliday struck out looking . Atkins flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Niekro grounded out to third . Durham grounded out to first . Feliz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Hawpe reached on infield single to third . Closser grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hawpe out at second . Quintanilla grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Closser out at second . Francis fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Finley grounded out to first . Ellison grounded out to second . Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Carroll grounded out to third . Sullivan grounded out to shortstop . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Schmidt safe at first on error by third baseman Atkins . Lowry ran for Schmidt . Winn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lowry out at second . Martin pitching for Rockies . Taschner pitching for Giants . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Taschner pitching for Giants . Holliday flied out to center . Atkins homered to center . Hawpe grounded out to second . Closser walked . Quintanilla safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Vizquel , Closser to third . Martin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Niekro grounded out to third . Durham singled to right . Feliz grounded into double play , second to first , Durham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Taschner pitching for Giants . Carroll singled to left . Sullivan walked , Carroll to second . Helton flied out to center . Holliday walked , Carroll to third , Sullivan to second . Atkins hit sacrifice fly to right , Carroll scored , Sullivan to third . Mesa pitching for Rockies . Hawpe grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Mesa pitching for Rockies . Finley walked . Ellison grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Finley out at second . Sweeney hit for Taschner . Alfonzo singled to center . Sweeney walked , Alfonzo to second . Correia pitching for Giants . Winn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Correia pitching for Giants . Closser flied out to right . Gonzalez hit for Mesa . Quintanilla grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Vizquel walked . Niekro doubled to deep center , Vizquel scored . Durham grounded out to pitcher , Niekro to third . Feliz struck out swinging . Finley grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 1 - Rockies 6 .	Rockies beat Giants , move into tie for first in NL West