Giants - Top 1st . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Winn flied out to center . Vizquel popped out to shortstop . Hillenbrand grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Morris pitching for Giants . Giles flied out to left . Renteria safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Hillenbrand . Jones grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Renteria out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 2nd . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Bonds flied out to center . Durham walked . Sweeney walked , Durham to second . Finley struck out swinging . Alfonzo doubled to deep left center , Durham and Sweeney scored . Morris grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Morris pitching for Giants . Jones struck out swinging . McCann walked . Francoeur walked , McCann to second . LaRoche grounded out to first , McCann to third , Francoeur to second . Diaz intentionally walked . Smoltz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Diaz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Winn fouled out to catcher . Vizquel popped out to third . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Morris pitching for Giants . Giles struck out looking . Renteria tripled to deep left center . Jones grounded out to first , Renteria scored . Jones flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Bonds doubled to deep right . Durham flied out to left . Sweeney singled to center , Bonds to third . Finley grounded out to second , Bonds scored , Sweeney to second . Alfonzo flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Morris pitching for Giants . McCann struck out swinging . Francoeur doubled to deep left . LaRoche safe at first on error by left fielder Bonds . Diaz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , LaRoche out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 5th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Morris struck out looking . Winn grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Morris pitching for Giants . Smoltz struck out swinging . Giles grounded out to pitcher . Renteria grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Hillenbrand singled to left . Bonds walked , Hillenbrand to second . Durham doubled to deep right , Hillenbrand scored , Bonds to third . Ray pitching for Braves . Sweeney singled to right , Bonds and Durham scored , Sweeney to second advancing on throw . Finley walked . Alfonzo struck out swinging . Morris sacrificed to pitcher , Sweeney to third , Finley to second . Winn singled to left , Sweeney scored , Finley to third . Vizquel fouled out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Morris pitching for Giants . Jones flied out to left . Jones grounded out to third . McCann singled to left . McBride pitching for Braves . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . McBride pitching for Braves . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Bonds singled to center . Durham safe at first on error by second baseman Giles , Bonds to second . De La Rosa ran for Durham . Bonds to third , De La Rosa to second on wild pitch by McBride . Sweeney grounded out to second . Linden in left field . De La Rosa at second base . Finley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 7th . Morris pitching for Giants . LaRoche singled to right . Orr hit for McBride . Diaz hit by pitch , LaRoche to second . Orr reached on infield single to first , LaRoche to third , Diaz to second . Giles hit sacrifice fly to right , LaRoche scored , Diaz to third . Hillenbrand at first base . Correia pitching for Giants . Feliz at third base . Renteria singled to right , Diaz scored , Orr to second . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Renteria out at second , Orr to third . Kline pitching for Giants . Jones doubled to deep left , Orr scored , Jones to third . Chulk pitching for Giants . McCann walked . Stanton pitching for Giants . Francoeur hit by pitch , Jones scored , Jones to third , McCann to second . Barry pitching for Braves . LaRoche struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Barry pitching for Braves . Alfonzo flied out to right . Feliz singled to center . Yates pitching for Braves . Winn reached on infield single to shortstop , Feliz to second . Vizquel struck out swinging . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Prado hit for Yates . Stanton pitching for Giants . Diaz singled to center . Prado flied out to center . Giles flied out to right . Renteria walked , Diaz to second . Franklin pitching for Braves . Jones flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Franklin pitching for Braves . Linden homered to left . Alou hit for Stanton . De La Rosa flied out to center . Alou walked . Finley reached on infield single to third , Alou to second . Benitez pitching for Giants . Alfonzo grounded into double play , third to first , Alou out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Benitez pitching for Giants . Jones singled to right . Jones stole second . McCann flied out to center , Jones to third . Francoeur singled to center , Jones scored . LaRoche grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Francoeur out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 8 - Braves 6 .	Morris outduels Smoltz as Giants end Braves ' win streak