Rockies - Top 1st . Lowry pitching for Giants . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Helton struck out swinging . Atkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Winn struck out swinging . Vizquel flied out to center . Hillenbrand grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Holliday reached on infield single to pitcher , Holliday to second on throwing error by pitcher Lowry . Baker grounded out to second , Holliday to third . Tulowitzki grounded out to first . Iannetta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Bonds grounded out to second . Durham walked . Durham stole second , Durham to third on wild pitch by Jennings . Alou hit sacrifice fly to left , Durham scored . Feliz singled to left . Greene walked , Feliz to second . Lowry grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Freeman grounded out to shortstop . Jennings grounded out to first . Carroll hit ground rule double to deep left . Helton doubled to center , Carroll scored . Atkins struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Winn struck out looking . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . Hillenbrand flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Holliday grounded out to second . Baker grounded out to third . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Bonds fouled out to first . Durham struck out looking . Alou flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Iannetta walked . Freeman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iannetta out at second . Freeman stole second , Freeman safe at third on throwing error by catcher Greene . Jennings walked . Carroll singled to left , Freeman scored , Jennings to second . Wright pitching for Giants . Helton walked , Jennings to third , Carroll to second . Jennings scored , Carroll to third , Helton to second on wild pitch by Wright . Atkins walked . Holliday flied out to center . Baker singled to right , Carroll and Helton scored , Atkins to third . Munter pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki walked , Baker to second . Iannetta walked , Atkins scored , Baker to third , Tulowitzki to second . Freeman singled to right , Baker and Tulowitzki scored , Iannetta to third . Jennings grounded out to second . 7 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 5th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Feliz grounded out to third . Greene doubled to deep left . Munter hit ground rule double to deep center , Greene scored . Winn flied out to left . Vizquel singled to center , Munter to third . Hillenbrand doubled to deep left , Munter scored , Vizquel to third . Bonds hit ground rule double to deep right , Vizquel and Hillenbrand scored . Durham grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Munter pitching for Giants . Carroll grounded out to third . Helton grounded out to shortstop . Atkins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Alou singled to left . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Alou out at second . Linden hit for Munter . Martin pitching for Rockies . Greene singled to left , Feliz to second . Frandsen at second base . Taschner pitching for Giants . Linden grounded into double play , third to second to first , Greene out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Taschner pitching for Giants . Holliday hit by pitch . Baker popped out to second . Holliday caught stealing second , catcher to second . Tulowitzki walked . Iannetta doubled to deep left center , Tulowitzki scored . Freeman flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Winn grounded out to second . Field pitching for Rockies . Vizquel reached on bunt single to pitcher . Venafro pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Sullivan in center field . Sweeney hit for Frandsen . Bonds walked , Vizquel to second . Sweeney singled to center , Vizquel to third , Bonds to second . Alou doubled to deep left center , Vizquel and Bonds scored , Sweeney to third . De La Rosa at second base . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Taschner pitching for Giants . Sullivan struck out looking . Carroll flied out to right . Hawpe in right field . Helton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Finley hit for Taschner . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Greene struck out swinging . Finley grounded out to second . Winn reached on infield single to second . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Vizquel walked , Winn to second . Winn to third , Vizquel to second on wild pitch by Fuentes . Kline pitching for Giants . Hillenbrand flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Kline pitching for Giants . Atkins lined out to third . Holliday doubled to deep center . Hawpe grounded out to first , Holliday to third . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Niekro hit for De La Rosa . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Bonds homered to left center . Niekro grounded out to shortstop . Ellison ran for Alou . Alou walked . Feliz walked , Ellison to second . Alfonzo hit for Kline . Greene flied out to right . Alfonzo grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 9 - Giants 8 .	Bonds ' bat not mighty enough to slug Giants past Rockies