Cardinals - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Carpenter doubled to deep right center . Heyward singled to left , Carpenter to third . Holliday struck out looking . Carpenter scored , Heyward to second on wild pitch by Scherzer . Adams flied out to center . Peralta struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Span walked . Desmond struck out looking . Harper singled to center , Span to second . Zimmerman flied out to right , Span to third . Robinson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Wong flied out to center . Jay grounded out to first . Cruz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Escobar singled to right . Lobat贸n struck out swinging . Espinosa flied out to left . Scherzer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Wacha lined out to right . Carpenter singled to center . Heyward grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carpenter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Span lined out to pitcher . Desmond grounded out to second . Harper grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Adams lined out to right . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Zimmerman singled to deep right . Robinson walked , Zimmerman to second . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Robinson out at second , Zimmerman to third . Lobat贸n struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Wong flied out to left . Jay flied out to left . Cruz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Espinosa doubled to deep right . Scherzer safe at first on error by first baseman Adams , Espinosa to third . Span singled to right , Espinosa scored , Scherzer to third . Desmond popped out to second . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Span out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Wacha lined out to right . Carpenter flied out to left . Heyward singled to right center . Holliday hit by pitch , Heyward to second . Adams singled to left , Heyward scored , Holliday to second . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Adams out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Robinson grounded out to first . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Lobat贸n struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Wong grounded out to shortstop . Jay grounded out to first . Cruz singled to left . Wacha grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Espinosa struck out looking . Moore hit for Scherzer . Moore grounded out to third . Span grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Thornton pitching for Nationals . Carpenter lined out to center . Heyward grounded out to second . Holliday singled to center . Reynolds hit for Adams . Barrett pitching for Nationals . Reynolds doubled to deep right center , Holliday scored , Reynolds scored on throwing error by pitcher Barrett . Peralta hit ground rule double to deep left . Wong struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Reynolds at first base . Walden pitching for Cardinals . Desmond doubled to deep right . Harper walked . Zimmerman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Harper out at second , Desmond to third . Robinson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Jay walked . Cruz grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jay out at second . Anna hit for Walden . Anna grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Lobat贸n struck out looking . Espinosa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Nationals 1 .	Wacha outdoes Scherzer as Cardinals beat Nationals 4 - 1