Cardinals - Top 1st . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Carpenter grounded out to shortstop . Heyward doubled to deep right . Holliday lined out to center . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Segura singled to left . Parra struck out swinging . Braun grounded into double play , third to second to first , Segura out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Reynolds walked . Wong tripled to deep center , Reynolds scored , Wong scored on throwing error by shortstop Segura . Jay grounded out to pitcher . Cruz doubled to deep left . Wainwright grounded out to second , Cruz to third . Carpenter struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Lind doubled to deep center . Davis grounded out to third . Ramírez lined into double play , shortstop to second , Lind doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Heyward grounded out to first . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Peralta singled to right . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Gómez struck out swinging . Maldonado struck out looking . Peralta grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Wong popped out to third . Jay singled to left . Cruz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Segura singled to right . Parra bunt popped into double play , to second , Segura doubled off first . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Wainwright popped out to first . Carpenter singled to left . Heyward grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Carpenter out at second . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Harris pitching for Cardinals . Lind struck out swinging . Davis walked . Ramírez singled to center , Davis to second . Gómez flied out to center . Maldonado popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Peralta doubled to deep right . Reynolds struck out swinging . Wong struck out swinging . Jay intentionally walked . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Herrera hit for Peralta . Harris pitching for Cardinals . Herrera walked . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Herrera out at second . Parra singled to right , Segura to second . Belisle pitching for Cardinals . Bourjos in center field . Braun struck out looking . Lind struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Bourjos grounded out to second . Carpenter doubled to deep center . Heyward walked . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Holliday homered to right center ( 406 feet ) , Carpenter and Heyward scored . Peralta lined out to pitcher . Reynolds flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Belisle pitching for Cardinals . Davis grounded out to third . Ramírez singled to left . Gómez flied out to right . Maldonado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramírez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Wooten pitching for Brewers . Wong struck out swinging . Adams hit for Belisle . Adams grounded out to second . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Jiménez hit for Wooten . Jiménez struck out swinging . Segura doubled to deep left . Rogers hit for Parra . Rogers flied out to center , Segura to third . Braun walked . Choate pitching for Cardinals . Lind singled to center , Segura scored , Braun to second . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Davis hit by pitch , Braun to third , Lind to second . Ramírez doubled to deep left , Braun and Lind scored , Davis to third . Gómez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Blazek pitching for Brewers . Schafer in center field . Bourjos popped out to second . Carpenter struck out looking . Heyward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Maldonado popped out to shortstop . Schafer grounded out to second . Segura grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Brewers 3 .	Cardinals beat Brewers after Wainwright leaves with injury