Pirates - Top 1st . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Polanco struck out swinging . Harrison grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Jay reached on infield single to second . Jay caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Carpenter flied out to center . Holliday struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Walker flied out to left . Marte lined out to right . Álvarez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Adams grounded out to first . Peralta struck out looking . Heyward walked . Heyward stole second . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Cervelli struck out swinging . Mercer struck out swinging . Burnett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Wong safe at first on error by pitcher Burnett . Wong caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Lynn struck out swinging . Jay struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 4th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Polanco singled to center . Harrison grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Polanco out at second . McCutchen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Carpenter walked . Holliday grounded out to third , Carpenter to second . Adams grounded out to second , Carpenter to third . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Walker grounded out to second . Marte struck out swinging . Álvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Heyward grounded out to second . Molina singled to right . Wong walked , Molina to second . Lynn struck out bunting foul . Jay flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Cervelli singled to center . Mercer doubled to left , Cervelli to third . Burnett singled to shallow center , Cervelli scored , Mercer to third . Polanco walked , Burnett to second . Harrison popped out to first . McCutchen struck out looking . Walker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Carpenter safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Álvarez . Holliday struck out swinging . Adams grounded into double play , second to third to first , Carpenter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Álvarez flied out to center . Cervelli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Caminero pitching for Pirates . Peralta singled to center . Heyward walked , Peralta to second . Molina lined out to shortstop . Bastardo pitching for Pirates . Wong struck out looking , Peralta stole third , Heyward stole second . Reynolds hit for Lynn . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Reynolds reached on infield single to second , Peralta scored , Heyward to third . Watson pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez at first base . Jay grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Mercer grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez singled to right , Rodriguez out stretching at second . Polanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Carpenter singled to center . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Carpenter out at second . Adams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Harrison flied out to center . McCutchen reached on infield single to shortstop . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCutchen out at second . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Scahill pitching for Pirates . Lambo in left field . Peralta grounded out to second . Heyward struck out looking . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 10th . Belisle pitching for Cardinals . Lambo grounded out to second . Cervelli singled to left . Mercer struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to center , Cervelli to third . Choate pitching for Cardinals . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 10th . Scahill pitching for Pirates . Wong grounded out to shortstop . Bourjos hit for Choate . Bourjos grounded out to third . Jay singled to left . Carpenter doubled to deep right , Jay to third . Holliday intentionally walked . Adams singled to left , Jay scored , Carpenter to third , Holliday to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 1 - Cardinals 2 .	Adams gives Cardinals 2 - 1 win over Pirates in 10 innings