Cubs - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Fowler walked . Coghlan walked , Fowler to second . Rizzo flied out to left . Bryant walked , Fowler to third , Coghlan to second . Montero singled to center , Fowler and Coghlan scored , Bryant to second . Castro singled to center , Bryant scored , Montero to second . Denorfia singled to center , Montero scored , Castro to second . Wood singled to left , Castro scored , Denorfia to second . Russell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wood out at second , Denorfia to third . Fowler flied out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Wood pitching for Cubs . Jay hit by pitch . Carpenter popped out to first . Holliday hit ground rule double to deep right , Jay to third . Peralta walked . Reynolds homered to left ( 391 feet ) , Jay , Holliday and Peralta scored . Heyward singled to right . Wong struck out swinging . Cruz walked , Heyward to second . Martínez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Coghlan struck out looking . Rizzo homered to center ( 417 feet ) . Bryant singled to left . Montero grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Bryant out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Wood pitching for Cubs . Jay grounded out to shortstop . Carpenter grounded out to second . Holliday struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Castro struck out swinging . Denorfia singled to right . Wood struck out swinging . Russell singled to right , Denorfia to third . Lake ran for Denorfia . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Lake in right field . Wood pitching for Cubs . Peralta flied out to center . Reynolds flied out to right . Heyward lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Coghlan grounded out to second . Rizzo popped out to second . Bryant walked . Montero doubled to deep left , Bryant scored . Villanueva pitching for Cardinals . Castro struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Wong struck out swinging , Wong safe at first on wild pitch by Wood . Cruz fouled out to third . Villanueva sacrificed to catcher , Wong to second . Jay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cardinals . Lake flied out to center . Wood struck out swinging . Russell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Carpenter struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cardinals . Fowler struck out swinging . Coghlan tripled to deep center . Rizzo safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta , Coghlan scored . Rizzo stole second . Bryant walked . Montero grounded out to first , Rizzo to third , Bryant to second . Castro grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Reynolds singled to left . Heyward singled to right , Reynolds to second . Wong singled to center , Reynolds scored , Heyward to second . Motte pitching for Cubs . Cruz lined out to center , Heyward to third . Bourjos hit for Villanueva . Bourjos hit sacrifice fly to center , Heyward scored . Coke pitching for Cubs . Jay singled to right , Wong to third . Carpenter flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Socolovich pitching for Cardinals . Lake reached on infield single to shortstop . Castillo hit for Coke . Castillo struck out swinging , Lake stole second . Russell grounded out to shortstop . Fowler grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Strop pitching for Cubs . Holliday reached on infield single to second . Peralta singled to deep center , Holliday to third . Reynolds walked , Peralta to second . Rosscup pitching for Cubs . Heyward grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Holliday scored , Reynolds out at second , Peralta to third . Wong singled to left , Peralta scored , Heyward to third , Wong to second advancing on throw . Cruz doubled to left , Heyward and Wong scored . Kozma hit for Socolovich . Kozma grounded out to second , Cruz to third . Jay grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Belisle pitching for Cardinals . Coghlan grounded out to first . Rizzo struck out looking . Bryant walked . Montero walked , Bryant to second . Herrera ran for Montero . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Herrera at second base . Germen pitching for Cubs . Ross catching . Russell at shortstop . Carpenter struck out swinging . Holliday walked . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Lake lined out to second . Soler hit for Germen . Soler grounded out to shortstop . Russell homered to left ( 401 feet ) . Fowler lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 9 - Cardinals 10 .	Cardinals rally from 5 down to beat Cubs 10 - 9