Cubs - Top 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Fowler flied out to center . Rizzo struck out swinging . Bryant struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Roach pitching for Cubs . Wong reached on infield single to second . Carpenter grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Wong out at second . Peralta singled to left , Carpenter to second . Heyward singled to right , Carpenter to third , Peralta to second . Molina grounded into double play , third to first , Peralta out at third . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Montero grounded out to second . Castro reached on infield single to pitcher . Coghlan doubled to left , Castro to third . Baxter intentionally walked . Roach singled to right , Castro scored , Coghlan to third , Baxter to second . Russell grounded into double play , second to first , Roach out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Roach pitching for Cubs . Grichuk walked . Scruggs lined out to second . Bourjos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grichuk out at second . Wacha grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Fowler singled to right . Rizzo singled to right , Fowler to third . Bryant struck out swinging . Montero grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rizzo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Roach pitching for Cubs . Wong flied out to center . Carpenter grounded out to second . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Castro doubled to deep right . Coghlan grounded out to second , Castro to third . Baxter grounded into double play , first to catcher to third to second to third to second to third to second , Castro out at third , Baxter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Roach pitching for Cubs . Heyward singled to center . Molina doubled to deep right center , Heyward scored . Grichuk flied out to center . Scruggs singled to deep center , Molina scored . Bourjos singled to center , Scruggs to second . Wacha reached on infield single to shortstop , Scruggs to third , Bourjos to second . Wood pitching for Cubs . Wong struck out swinging . Carpenter singled to right , Scruggs and Bourjos scored , Wacha to third . Peralta flied out to left . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Wood walked . Russell struck out swinging . Fowler flied out to center . Rizzo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Heyward walked . Molina struck out swinging . Grichuk doubled to deep center , Heyward scored . Scruggs doubled to deep center , Grichuk scored . Bourjos intentionally walked . Scruggs to third , Bourjos to second on wild pitch by Wood . Wacha grounded out to second . Wong hit ground rule double to deep center , Scruggs and Bourjos scored . Carpenter struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Bryant grounded out to third . Montero struck out swinging . Castro popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Peralta walked . Heyward walked , Peralta to second . Molina flied out to right . Grichuk grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Heyward out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Villanueva pitching for Cardinals . Coghlan walked . Baxter popped out to shortstop . Szczur hit for Wood . Coghlan to second on passed ball by Molina . Szczur lined out to center . Russell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Scruggs singled to center . Bourjos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Scruggs out at second . Villanueva sacrificed to first , Bourjos to second . Wong walked . Carpenter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cardinals . Fowler grounded out to first . Rizzo grounded out to shortstop . Bryant walked . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Kozma hit for Peralta . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Kozma flied out to center . Heyward grounded out to shortstop . Cruz hit for Molina . Cruz lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Kozma at shortstop . Cruz catching . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cardinals . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Coghlan singled to center . Baxter grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Coghlan out at second . Herrera hit for Jackson . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 1 - Cardinals 8 .	Cardinals beat Cubs 8 - 1 to become first team to 50 wins