Braves - Top 1st . Cooney pitching for Cardinals . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . Ciriaco flied out to center . Markakis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Banuelos pitching for Braves . Wong safe at first on error by third baseman Johnson . Carpenter lined out to right . Holliday struck out swinging . Wong caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to first . Peralta batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 2nd . Cooney pitching for Cardinals . Johnson struck out swinging . Pierzynski singled to left center . Gomes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pierzynski out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Banuelos pitching for Braves . Peralta popped out to second . Heyward struck out swinging . Molina walked . Grichuk homered to left ( 413 feet ) , Molina scored . Reynolds struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Cooney pitching for Cardinals . Terdoslavich struck out swinging . Simmons singled to right . Bañuelos sacrificed to first , Simmons to second . Maybin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Banuelos pitching for Braves . Cooney grounded out to shortstop . Wong grounded out to shortstop . Carpenter doubled to deep center . Holliday walked . Peralta singled to shallow center , Carpenter scored , Holliday to second . Heyward flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Cooney pitching for Cardinals . Ciriaco flied out to center . Markakis flied out to center . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Banuelos pitching for Braves . Molina grounded out to third . Grichuk singled to center . Grichuk stole second . Reynolds singled to right , Grichuk scored , Reynolds to second advancing on throw . Cooney grounded out to shortstop . Wong flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Cooney pitching for Cardinals . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Gomes fouled out to first . Terdoslavich fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Banuelos pitching for Braves . Carpenter walked . Holliday grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carpenter out at second . Peralta lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Cooney pitching for Cardinals . Simmons singled to center . Bañuelos sacrificed to pitcher , Simmons to second . Maybin doubled to right , Simmons scored . Ciriaco grounded out to pitcher , Maybin to third . Maybin scored on Cooney 's wild pitch . Markakis grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Banuelos pitching for Braves . Heyward singled to right . Aardsma pitching for Braves . Heyward stole second . Molina singled to right , Heyward to third . Grichuk struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded into double play , third to second to first , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Cooney pitching for Cardinals . Johnson grounded out to second . Pierzynski singled to right . Gomes lined out to shortstop . Terdoslavich grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Piscotty hit for Cooney . Aardsma pitching for Braves . Piscotty safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Aardsma . McKirahan pitching for Braves . Wong singled to right , Piscotty to second . Carpenter struck out swinging . Holliday struck out looking . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 8th . Bourjos in center field . Grichuk in left field . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Simmons grounded out to second . Peterson hit for McKirahan . Peterson grounded out to second . Maybin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Frasor pitching for Braves . Heyward grounded out to pitcher . Molina singled to right . Grichuk walked , Molina to second . Reynolds walked , Molina to third , Grichuk to second . Johnson hit for Maness . Detwiler pitching for Braves . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Ciriaco struck out swinging . Markakis reached on infield single to third . Johnson flied out to center . Pierzynski walked , Markakis to second . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 2 - Cardinals 4 .	Grichuk , Cooney lead Cardinals over Braves 4 - 2