Rockies - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Blackmon singled to right . Blackmon caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Reyes singled to left . González struck out swinging . Arenado doubled to deep left , Reyes scored . Dickerson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Carpenter singled to right . Grichuk doubled to deep left , Carpenter to third . Wong grounded out to shortstop , Carpenter scored . Peralta struck out swinging . Heyward struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . LeMahieu singled to right . Paulsen struck out swinging . Hundley struck out swinging , LeMahieu stole second . Rusin reached on bunt single to catcher , LeMahieu to third . Blackmon grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Molina singled to left . Reynolds struck out looking . Piscotty singled to center , Molina to second . Martínez bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Molina out at third , Piscotty to second . Carpenter homered to center ( 423 feet ) , Piscotty and Martínez scored . Grichuk struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Reyes struck out looking . González grounded out to first . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Wong singled to left . Peralta popped out to first . Wong caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Heyward singled to right . Heyward to second on passed ball by Hundley . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Dickerson flied out to left . LeMahieu singled to center . Paulsen struck out swinging . Hundley doubled to deep right center , LeMahieu scored . Rusin homered to right ( 379 feet ) , Hundley scored . Blackmon grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Reynolds flied out to center . Piscotty grounded out to third . Martínez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Reyes grounded out to first . González singled to center . Arenado safe at first on error by third baseman Carpenter , González to third . Dickerson singled to center , González scored , Arenado to third , Dickerson to second advancing on throw . LeMahieu hit by pitch . Paulsen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , LeMahieu out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Carpenter homered to right ( 417 feet ) . Grichuk grounded out to shortstop . Wong grounded out to second . Peralta singled to left . Heyward tripled to left , Peralta scored , Heyward thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Hundley homered to left ( 404 feet ) . Barnes hit for Rusin . Barnes grounded out to second . Blackmon doubled to center . Reyes grounded out to third . González intentionally walked . Arenado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Barnes in left field . Molina flied out to right . Reynolds fouled out to first . Piscotty doubled to deep left . Moss hit for Maness . Moss popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Cishek pitching for Cardinals . Moss at first base . Stubbs hit for Betancourt . Stubbs reached on infield single to shortstop . LeMahieu grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Stubbs out at second . Paulsen walked . Hundley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Carpenter grounded out to second . Grichuk flied out to right . Wong hit by pitch . Peralta walked , Wong to second . Heyward flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Barnes singled to center . Blackmon sacrificed into fielder 's choice to first , Barnes to second , Barnes to third , Blackmon to first on throwing error by pitcher Siegrist . Reyes hit sacrifice fly to center , Barnes scored , Blackmon to second . Blackmon scored on caught stealing but ruled safe on an error . González singled to center . Socolovich pitching for Cardinals . Arenado lined out to third . Descalso hit for Friedrich . Descalso grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Molina walked . Garcia hit for Socolovich . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Molina out at second . Piscotty flied out to right . Logan pitching for Rockies . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Carpenter at first base . Garcia at third base . Villanueva pitching for Cardinals . LeMahieu singled to center . Paulsen hit by pitch , LeMahieu to second . Hundley bunt popped into double play , first to shortstop , LeMahieu doubled off second . Barnes lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Carpenter hit ground rule double to deep center . Axford pitching for Rockies . Grichuk walked . Wong singled to center , Carpenter to third , Grichuk to second . Peralta singled to center , Carpenter and Grichuk scored , Wong to third . Kozma ran for Peralta . Kozma to second on fielder 's indifference . Heyward intentionally walked . Molina flied out to center . Garcia walked , Wong scored , Kozma to third , Heyward to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 8 - Cardinals 9 .	Carpenter homers twice , Cardinals win on Garcia 's walk