Pirates - Top 1st . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Polanco lined out to center . Walker tripled to deep center . McCutchen doubled to deep left , Walker scored . Kang safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Carpenter , McCutchen scored . Álvarez homered to center ( 429 feet ) , Kang scored . Cervelli hit by pitch . Ishikawa singled to right , Cervelli to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Liriano singled to left , Cervelli scored , Ishikawa to second , Ishikawa to third advancing on throw . Polanco singled to center , Ishikawa scored , Liriano to second . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Walker singled to left center , Liriano scored , Polanco to third . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker out at second . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Carpenter walked . Grichuk singled to left , Carpenter to second . Peralta lined out to second . Heyward walked , Carpenter to third , Grichuk to second . Molina singled to center , Carpenter and Grichuk scored , Heyward thrown out at third , Molina to second advancing on throw . Wong grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Kang grounded out to second . Álvarez singled to center . Cervelli grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Álvarez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Piscotty struck out swinging . Bourjos struck out swinging . Lyons grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Ishikawa struck out looking . Rodriguez popped out to second . Liriano grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Carpenter singled to center . Grichuk struck out swinging . Carpenter to second on wild pitch by Liriano . Peralta walked . Heyward struck out swinging . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Polanco flied out to left . Walker grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Wong reached on infield single to second . Piscotty grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wong out at second . Bourjos grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Kang grounded out to first . Álvarez singled to center . Cervelli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Álvarez out at second . Cervelli to second on passed ball by Molina . Ishikawa walked . Rodriguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Lyons grounded out to second . Carpenter grounded out to second . Grichuk struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Liriano struck out looking . Polanco flied out to right . Walker fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Kang at third base . Florimón at shortstop . Rodriguez in left field . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Peralta singled to left . Heyward reached on infield single to first , Peralta to second . Molina walked , Peralta to third , Heyward to second . Wong grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Peralta scored , Molina out at second , Heyward to third . Piscotty flied out to right . Wong stole second . Bourjos fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Cishek pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen struck out swinging . Kang flied out to center . Álvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Soria pitching for Pirates . Moss hit for Cishek . Moss lined out to right . Carpenter reached on bunt single to third . Carpenter to second on wild pitch by Soria . Grichuk walked . Peralta singled to center , Carpenter scored , Grichuk to second . Heyward singled to shallow right , Grichuk to third , Peralta to second . Watson pitching for Pirates . Morse at first base . Molina hit sacrifice fly to left , Grichuk scored . Wong struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Grichuk in center field . Piscotty in left field . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Moss at first base . Cervelli flied out to right . Florimón bunt grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Piscotty flied out to right . Reynolds hit for Broxton . Reynolds popped out to third . Moss grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Reynolds at first base . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Morse singled to right . Marte ran for Morse . Polanco walked , Marte to second . Walker doubled to deep right , Marte scored , Polanco to third . McCutchen intentionally walked . Kang grounded into double play , third to first , Polanco scored , Walker out at third , McCutchen to second . Ramírez hit for Watson . Ramírez singled to right center , McCutchen scored . Cervelli hit ground rule double to right , Ramírez to third . Florimón flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez at first base . Marte in left field . Carpenter lined out to left . Grichuk fouled out to catcher . Peralta flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 10 - Cardinals 5 .	Alvarez HR in 7 - run 1st , Pirates end long skid in St. Louis