Nationals - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Werth struck out swinging . Rendon grounded out to pitcher . Harper safe at first on error by second baseman Wong . Zimmerman doubled to right , Harper scored , Zimmerman to third advancing on throw . Escobar grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Carpenter struck out swinging . Piscotty flied out to right . Peralta singled to center . Heyward fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Desmond flied out to center . Lobatón struck out swinging . Taylor lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Molina flied out to left . Wong struck out looking . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Werth doubled to deep right . Rendon struck out swinging . Harper walked . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Moss walked . Lackey bunted into double play , first to shortstop to second , Moss out at second . Carpenter flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Desmond struck out swinging . Lobatón struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Piscotty flied out to right . Peralta walked . Heyward reached on infield single to second , Peralta to second . Molina singled to right , Peralta scored , Heyward to third . Wong singled to center , Heyward scored , Molina to second . Reynolds singled to center , Molina scored , Wong to second . Moss grounded out to first , Wong to third , Reynolds to second . Lackey grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Taylor struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Werth walked . Rendon walked , Werth to second . Harper lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Carpenter grounded out to second . Piscotty flied out to center . Peralta flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Zimmerman singled to center . Escobar singled to right , Zimmerman to third . Desmond grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zimmerman scored , Escobar out at second . Lobatón walked . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lobatón out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Heyward grounded out to second . Molina flied out to left . Wong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Espinosa hit for Gonzalez . Espinosa walked . Werth struck out swinging . Rendon flied out to right . Harper walked , Espinosa to second . Zimmerman homered to center ( 440 feet ) , Espinosa and Harper scored . Escobar struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Janssen pitching for Nationals . Reynolds singled to left . Moss reached on infield single to second , Reynolds to second . Garcia hit for Siegrist . Garcia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Moss out at second , Reynolds to third . Carpenter walked . Piscotty singled to left , Reynolds scored , Carpenter to second . Peralta singled to right , Carpenter scored , Piscotty to third . Rendon at third base . Rivero pitching for Nationals . Turner at second base . Heyward doubled to deep left center , Piscotty and Peralta scored . Molina intentionally walked . Wong singled to right , Heyward scored , Molina to second . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at third , Wong to second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Cishek pitching for Cardinals . Desmond singled to center . Lobatón flied out to right . Taylor struck out swinging . Turner grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Desmond out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Moss singled to right . Bourjos hit for Cishek . Pham ran for Moss . Bourjos grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pham out at second . Carpenter singled to right . Piscotty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Piscotty in left field . Heyward in right field . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Bourjos in center field . Werth singled to center . Rendon singled to right , Werth to second . Rendon out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Harper walked . Zimmerman popped out to first . Robinson hit for Treinen . Robinson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Cardinals 8 .	Heyward 's 2B keys rally as Cardinals beat Nationals 8 - 5