Nationals - Top 1st . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Werth popped out to second . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . Harper walked . Zimmerman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Ross pitching for Nationals . Carpenter struck out swinging . Piscotty lined out to pitcher . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Escobar grounded out to second . Desmond struck out swinging . Ramos singled to deep left . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramos out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Ross pitching for Nationals . Heyward lined out to center . Molina walked . Wong lined out to second . Reynolds walked , Molina to second . Moss struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Ross singled to right . Werth singled to left , Ross to second . Rendon doubled to deep right , Ross and Werth scored , Rendon to third advancing on throw . Harper hit sacrifice fly to center , Rendon scored . Zimmerman homered to center ( 417 feet ) . Escobar singled to left . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Escobar out at second . Ramos singled to right , Desmond to third . Villanueva pitching for Cardinals . Taylor struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Ross pitching for Nationals . Villanueva struck out swinging . Carpenter walked . Piscotty grounded out to pitcher , Carpenter to second . Peralta singled to center , Carpenter scored . Heyward walked , Peralta to second . Molina walked , Peralta to third , Heyward to second . Wong walked , Peralta scored , Heyward to third , Molina to second . Fister pitching for Nationals . Reynolds hit by pitch , Heyward scored , Molina to third , Wong to second . Moss struck out looking . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cardinals . Fister struck out swinging . Werth lined out to right . Rendon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Villanueva grounded out to first . Carpenter struck out looking . Piscotty singled to center . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cardinals . Harper doubled to deep right . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Escobar struck out swinging . Desmond popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Heyward fouled out to shortstop . Molina popped out to second . Wong doubled to left . Pham hit for Reynolds . Pham grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Piscotty in left field . Heyward in right field . Pham in center field . Moss at first base . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cardinals . Ramos struck out looking . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . Uggla hit for Fister . Uggla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Thornton pitching for Nationals . Moss doubled to deep center . Villanueva sacrificed into fielder 's choice to catcher , Moss to third . Carpenter lined out to second . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Kozma ran for Villanueva . Piscotty reached on infield single to pitcher , Kozma to second . Peralta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Piscotty out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Werth singled to center . Rendon grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Werth out at second . Harper reached on infield single to shortstop , Rendon to second . Zimmerman safe at first on error by third baseman Carpenter , Rendon to third , Harper to second . Escobar grounded out to shortstop , Rendon scored , Harper to third , Zimmerman to second . Desmond grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Rivero pitching for Nationals . Heyward lined out to left . Molina grounded out to second . Wong lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Harris pitching for Cardinals . Garcia at second base . Ramos singled to center . Taylor flied out to center . Robinson hit for Rivero . Turner ran for Ramos . Turner stole second . Robinson grounded out to second , Turner to third . Werth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Lobatón catching . Storen pitching for Nationals . Pham singled to right center . Moss hit by pitch , Pham to second . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Pham scored on error by third baseman Escobar , Moss safe at third on error by third baseman Escobar . Carpenter intentionally walked . Piscotty grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Moss scored , Carpenter out at second , Garcia to third . Peralta fouled out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 9th . Harris pitching for Cardinals . Rendon flied out to right . Harper walked . Zimmerman grounded out to first , Harper to second . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop , Harper to third . Desmond flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Janssen pitching for Nationals . Heyward grounded out to shortstop . Molina fouled out to first . Stanley hit for Harris . Stanley doubled to left . Pham walked . Moss homered to center ( 421 feet ) , Stanley and Pham scored . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Cardinals 8 .	Moss ' 3 - run homer ends it as Cardinals beat Nationals 8 - 5