Mets - Top 1st. Wood pitching for Braves. Granderson homered to right center (415 feet). Tejada flied out to center. Murphy singled to left. Campbell struck out swinging. Duda grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Freeman walked. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Wood pitching for Braves. Young singled to right. Lagares popped out to second. d'Arnaud doubled to deep center, Young scored. Wheeler struck out swinging. Granderson flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Heyward grounded out to second. Johnson grounded out to third. La Stella walked. Bethancourt hit by pitch, La Stella to second. Wood fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Wood pitching for Braves. Tejada singled to left. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Tejada out at second. Campbell singled to left, Murphy to second. Duda walked, Murphy to third, Campbell to second. Young hit sacrifice fly to center, Murphy scored, Campbell to third. Lagares flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Upton walked. Upton caught stealing second, catcher to second. Simmons grounded out to second. Freeman walked. Upton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Wood pitching for Braves. d'Arnaud flied out to center. Wheeler struck out swinging. Granderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Heyward doubled to left. Johnson lined out to shortstop. La Stella walked. Bethancourt lined out to right, Heyward to third. Wood struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Wood pitching for Braves. Tejada fouled out to right. Murphy struck out swinging. Campbell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Upton singled to left. Simmons singled to left, Upton to third. Freeman hit sacrifice fly to left, Upton scored. Upton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Simmons out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Wood pitching for Braves. Duda struck out looking. Young lined out to second. Lagares struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Heyward grounded out to first. Johnson struck out looking. La Stella struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Avilan pitching for Braves. d'Arnaud grounded out to second. Wheeler struck out swinging. Granderson singled to left center. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Granderson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Bethancourt singled to center. Schafer hit for Avilan. Schafer flied out to left. Black pitching for Mets. Upton reached on error by shortstop Tejada, Bethancourt to second. Simmons flied out to center. Edgin pitching for Mets. Freeman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Varvaro pitching for Braves. Murphy singled to right center. Campbell struck out swinging. Duda grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Familia pitching for Mets. Upton singled to right center. Heyward singled to center, Upton to second. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Upton to third, Heyward safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Familia. La Stella singled to center, Upton scored, Heyward to third, Johnson to second, Heyward scored on error by center fielder Lagares. Bethancourt grounded into fielder's choice to third, La Stella out at second, Johnson to third. Doumit hit for Varvaro. Doumit walked, Bethancourt to second. Upton struck out looking. Simmons safe at first on error by third baseman Campbell, Johnson scored, Bethancourt to third, Doumit to second. Eveland pitching for Mets. Freeman walked, Bethancourt scored, Doumit to third, Simmons to second. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Freeman out at second. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Kimbrel pitching for Braves. Young flied out to right. Abreu hit for Lagares. Abreu grounded out to first. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 3 - Braves 5.	Braves take advantage of Mets' miscues for 5-3 win