Braves - Top 1st. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Heyward homered to right (410 feet). Simmons homered to left (413 feet). Freeman walked. Upton singled to left, Freeman to second. Johnson reached on infield single to second, Freeman scored, Upton to third. La Stella struck out looking. Laird singled to left, Upton scored, Johnson to second. Bonifacio walked, Johnson to third, Laird to second. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson scored, Bonifacio out at second, Laird to third, Laird scored on throwing error by second baseman Walker. Heyward flied out to right. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Braves. Polanco lined out to center. Harrison singled to right. Walker singled to right, Harrison to second. Martin flied out to right. Harrison to third, Walker to second on wild pitch by Santana. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Freeman flied out to left. Upton singled to right center. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Braves. Marte homered to right center (395 feet). Snider reached on infield single to shortstop. Morel fouled out to first. Worley sacrificed to pitcher, Snider to second. Polanco grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. La Stella singled to center. Laird grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, La Stella out at second. Bonifacio struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Braves. Harrison struck out swinging. Walker homered to right (396 feet). Martin walked. Alvarez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martin out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Santana struck out swinging. Heyward reached on infield single to first. Simmons struck out looking. Freeman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Braves. Marte homered to center (425 feet). Snider flied out to right. Morel struck out swinging. Worley doubled to deep right center. Polanco grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Johnson struck out looking. La Stella lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Braves. Harrison flied out to right. Walker lined out to center. Martin walked. Alvarez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Laird flied out to center. Bonifacio safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Harrison. Santana struck out swinging. Heyward singled to left, Bonifacio to third. Simmons grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Santana pitching for Braves. Marte doubled to center. Snider doubled to deep center, Marte to third. Morel struck out swinging. Davis hit for Worley. Avilan pitching for Braves. Davis lined into double play, third to shortstop, Snider doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Gomez pitching for Pirates. Freeman singled to right. Upton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Freeman out at second. Johnson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Avilan pitching for Braves. Polanco grounded out to pitcher. Hale pitching for Braves. Harrison grounded out to third. Walker walked. Martin grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Gomez pitching for Pirates. La Stella lined out to second. Laird singled to center. Bonifacio singled to center, Laird to second. Doumit hit for Hale. Doumit singled to right, Laird to third, Bonifacio to second. Axford pitching for Pirates. Heyward hit sacrifice fly to right, Laird scored, Bonifacio to third. Simmons struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Gosselin at second base. Russell pitching for Braves. Alvarez lined out to center. Marte flied out to right. Snider grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Wilson pitching for Pirates. Freeman singled to center. Upton struck out looking. Johnson singled to right, Freeman to second. Gosselin popped out to first. Laird grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Russell pitching for Braves. Morel struck out looking. Sanchez hit for Wilson. Sanchez grounded out to third. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 7 - Pirates 3.	Braves use 6-run 1st to beat Pirates 7-3