Braves - Top 1st. Simon pitching for Reds. Heyward singled to center. Gosselin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Heyward out at second. Freeman struck out swinging. Upton lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Harang pitching for Braves. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. Frazier struck out swinging. Phillips struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Simon pitching for Reds. Johnson singled to center. Gattis struck out swinging, Johnson stole second. La Stella grounded out to shortstop, Johnson to third. Upton intentionally walked. Upton stole second. Harang grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Harang pitching for Braves. Mesoraco walked. Bruce lined out to center. Ludwick grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mesoraco out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Simon pitching for Reds. Heyward flied out to left. Gosselin singled to center. Freeman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gosselin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Harang pitching for Braves. Pena grounded out to second. Cozart reached on infield single to third. Simon struck out bunting foul. Hamilton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Simon pitching for Reds. Upton grounded out to third. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Gattis hit by pitch. La Stella grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gattis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Harang pitching for Braves. Frazier singled to left. Phillips singled to right, Frazier to second. Mesoraco lined out to left. Bruce reached on infield single to first, Frazier to third, Phillips to second. Ludwick hit sacrifice fly to right, Frazier scored, Phillips to third. Pena singled to right center, Phillips scored, Bruce to second. Cozart singled to right, Bruce scored, Pena to third. Simon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cozart out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Simon pitching for Reds. Upton flied out to center. Harang struck out swinging. Heyward struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Harang pitching for Braves. Hamilton grounded out to third. Frazier struck out swinging. Phillips lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Simon pitching for Reds. Gosselin struck out swinging. Freeman lined out to first. Upton popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Harang pitching for Braves. Mesoraco struck out swinging. Bruce singled to right. Bruce stole second. Ludwick walked. Pena reached on infield single to shortstop, Bruce to third, Ludwick to second. Carpenter pitching for Braves. Cozart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bruce scored, Pena out at second, Ludwick to third. Simon struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Simon pitching for Reds. Johnson struck out swinging. Gattis doubled to deep center. La Stella doubled to left, Gattis scored. Upton lined out to center, La Stella to third. Doumit hit for Carpenter. Doumit grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Hale pitching for Braves. Hamilton flied out to left. Frazier homered to left (403 feet). Phillips walked. Mesoraco struck out swinging. Bruce grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Parra pitching for Reds. Heyward walked. Gosselin singled to shallow center, Heyward to second. Freeman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gosselin out at second, Heyward to third. Diaz pitching for Reds. Upton struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Hale pitching for Braves. Ludwick fouled out to first. Pena flied out to left. Cozart tripled to deep center. Hannahan hit for Diaz. Hannahan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Ondrusek pitching for Reds. Gattis homered to left (355 feet). La Stella grounded out to first. Upton struck out looking. Bonifacio hit for Hale. Bonifacio reached on infield single to third. Broxton pitching for Reds. Bonifacio to second on fielder's indifference. Heyward singled to right, Bonifacio scored. Heyward to second on fielder's indifference. Gosselin walked. Freeman walked, Heyward to third, Gosselin to second. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Freeman out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 3 - Reds 5.	Simon turns in solid start in Reds win over Braves