Royals - Top 1st. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Costa struck out looking. Grudzielanek singled to right. Mientkiewicz flied out to right. Sanders homered to left, Grudzielanek scored. Stairs walked. Brown doubled to deep center, Stairs scored. Teahen struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Damon walked. Jeter walked, Damon to second. Sheffield homered to left, Damon and Jeter scored. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Giambi popped out to shortstop. Matsui struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Berroa grounded out to third. Bako struck out swinging. Costa flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Posada singled to left. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to third, Posada out at second. Cairo flied out to center. Damon singled to left, Williams to second. Jeter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Grudzielanek grounded out to third. Mientkiewicz grounded out to shortstop. Sanders popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Sheffield popped out to second. Rodriguez singled to center. Rodriguez stole second. Giambi walked. Matsui struck out swinging. Posada singled to center, Rodriguez scored, Giambi to third. Williams grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Stairs grounded out to first. Brown walked. Teahen flied out to left. Berroa fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Cairo singled to left. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cairo out at second. Jeter walked, Damon to second. Sheffield singled to left, Damon scored, Jeter to second. Gobble pitching for Royals. Rodriguez flied out to center, Jeter to third. Jeter scored, Sheffield to second on wild pitch by Gobble. Giambi popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Bako grounded out to pitcher. Costa reached on infield single to second. Grudzielanek doubled to deep right, Costa scored. Mientkiewicz doubled to right, Grudzielanek scored. Sanders grounded out to shortstop. Stairs popped out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Matsui singled to left. Posada walked, Matsui to second. Hudson pitching for Royals. Williams struck out swinging, Matsui to third, Posada to second on wild pitch by Hudson. Cairo singled to right, Matsui scored, Posada to third. Damon reached on infield single to second, Posada scored, Cairo to second. Jeter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Damon out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Brown struck out swinging. Teahen struck out looking. Berroa lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Hudson pitching for Royals. Sheffield grounded out to third. Rodriguez walked. Giambi doubled to deep center, Rodriguez scored, Giambi to third advancing on throw. Matsui intentionally walked. Posada flied out to left, Giambi thrown out at home. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Myers pitching for Yankees. Bako singled to right. Costa popped out to second. Grudzielanek grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bako out at second. Mientkiewicz lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Hudson pitching for Royals. Williams lined out to left. Cairo walked. Cairo stole second. Damon flied out to center, Cairo to third. Jeter singled to right, Cairo scored. Stemle pitching for Royals. Sheffield singled to center, Jeter to third. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jeter scored, Sheffield safe at second on error by shortstop Berroa. Phillips ran for Giambi. Giambi doubled to right center, Sheffield scored, Rodriguez to third. Phillips at first base. Crosby in left field. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Sanders popped out to first. Stairs walked. German hit for Teahen. Brown grounded out to first, Stairs to second. German at third base. German lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Stemle pitching for Royals. Posada grounded out to second. Williams singled to left. Villone pitching for Yankees. Cairo grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Williams out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Buck hit for Bako. Villone pitching for Yankees. Berroa grounded out to second. Buck flied out to right. Costa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 5 - Yankees 12.	Sheffield, Yanks rough up Affeldt in win vs. Royals