Royals - Top 1st. Bedard pitching for Orioles. German struck out swinging. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Sanders struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Fahey reached on infield single to shortstop. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fahey out at second. Tejada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mora out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Brown homered to left. Graffanino walked. Berroa grounded into double play, third to second to first, Graffanino out at second. Buck singled to center. Huber struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Gibbons flied out to left. Hernandez singled to left. Conine singled to center, Hernandez to third. Patterson homered to right, Hernandez and Conine scored. Millar flied out to center. Markakis singled to left. Fahey flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Robinson grounded out to pitcher. German singled to right. Grudzielanek lined out to shortstop. Sanders popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Mora grounded out to second. Tejada grounded out to second. Gibbons singled to left. Hernandez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Brown struck out swinging. Graffanino walked. Berroa flied out to center. Graffanino caught stealing second, catcher to second. Buck batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Conine doubled to deep right center. Patterson walked. Millar flied out to left, Conine thrown out at third, Patterson to second. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Patterson out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Buck walked. Huber flied out to center. Robinson singled to left, Buck to second. German flied out to center. Grudzielanek lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Fahey grounded out to second. Mora popped out to shortstop. Tejada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Sanders singled to center. Rleal pitching for Orioles. Brown doubled to right, Sanders to third. Graffanino singled to right, Sanders scored, Brown to third. Berroa singled to left, Brown scored, Graffanino to second. Buck grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Berroa out at second, Graffanino to third. Huber doubled to deep right, Graffanino scored. Robinson singled to right, Huber scored, Robinson to second advancing on throw. German flied out to right. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Gibbons walked. Hernandez reached on bunt single to pitcher, Gibbons to second. Sisco pitching for Royals. Conine singled to left, Gibbons to third, Hernandez to second. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gibbons scored, Conine out at second, Hernandez to third. Millar hit sacrifice fly to left, Hernandez scored. Patterson stole second. Markakis walked. Williams pitching for Orioles. Fahey struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Grudzielanek flied out to center. Sanders grounded out to pitcher. Peralta pitching for Royals. Brown grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Mora singled to left. Tejada singled to left, Mora to second. Gibbons grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Tejada out at second, Mora to third. Hernandez struck out swinging. Conine popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Graffanino doubled to deep right. Berroa bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Graffanino out at third. Buck struck out looking. Berroa caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Huber batting. Dessens pitching for Royals. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Dessens pitching for Royals. Patterson singled to left. Millar struck out swinging, Patterson stole second. Markakis grounded out to second, Patterson to third. Fahey singled to right, Patterson scored. Terrero in left field. Markakis in right field. Ray pitching for Orioles. Stairs hit for Huber. Mora popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Guiel ran for Stairs. Ray pitching for Orioles. Stairs walked. Mientkiewicz hit for German. Robinson grounded into double play, second to first, Guiel out at second. Mientkiewicz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 5 - Orioles 6.	Patterson's three-run homer powers O's past Royals