Royals - Top 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Robinson walked. Grudzielanek walked, Robinson to second. Mientkiewicz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Grudzielanek out at second, Robinson to third. Stairs hit sacrifice fly to left, Robinson scored, Mientkiewicz to second. Brown struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Bautista pitching for Royals. Fahey singled to left. Mora popped out to shortstop. Tejada singled to center, Fahey to third. Fahey scored, Tejada to second on passed ball by Buck. Gibbons grounded out to pitcher. Hernandez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Guiel walked. Graffanino singled to center, Guiel to second. Berroa grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Graffanino out at second, Guiel to third. Buck flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Bautista pitching for Royals. Conine grounded out to second. Patterson grounded out to second. Lopez singled to right center. Markakis singled to center, Lopez to second. Lopez to third, Markakis to second on wild pitch by Bautista. Fahey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Robinson lined out to left. Grudzielanek walked. Mientkiewicz struck out swinging. Stairs walked, Grudzielanek to second. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stairs out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Bautista pitching for Royals. Mora hit by pitch. Tejada struck out swinging. Gibbons doubled to deep right center, Mora scored. Hernandez singled to center, Gibbons scored. Conine walked, Hernandez to second. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Conine out at second, Hernandez to third. Patterson stole second. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Guiel walked. Graffanino walked, Guiel to second. Berroa singled to left, Guiel to third, Graffanino to second. Buck struck out swinging. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guiel scored, Berroa out at second, Graffanino to third. Grudzielanek flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Bautista pitching for Royals. Markakis grounded out to third. Fahey grounded out to shortstop. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Mora flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Mientkiewicz flied out to center. Stairs popped out to shortstop. Wood pitching for Royals. Brown lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Royals. Tejada singled to left. Gibbons popped out to second. Hernandez singled to left, Tejada to second. Conine flied out to center, Tejada to third. Patterson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Manon pitching for Orioles. Guiel grounded out to pitcher. Graffanino walked. Berroa struck out swinging. Graffanino stole second. Buck singled to center, Graffanino scored. Buck to second on passed ball by Hernandez. Robinson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Royals. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Markakis singled to center. Fahey flied out to left. Rleal pitching for Orioles. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to third, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Rleal pitching for Orioles. Grudzielanek grounded out to second. Mientkiewicz walked. Williams pitching for Orioles. Stairs walked, Mientkiewicz to second. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mientkiewicz to third, Stairs safe at second on error by shortstop Tejada. Guiel walked, Mientkiewicz scored, Stairs to third, Brown to second. Graffanino grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guiel out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Wood pitching for Royals. Tejada homered to left. Gibbons singled to center. Hernandez flied out to right. Sisco pitching for Royals. Conine flied out to right. Patterson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Berroa singled to left center. Buck bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Berroa out at second. German ran for Buck. Robinson singled to center, Buck to second. Grudzielanek singled to center, German scored, Robinson to third. Mientkiewicz grounded out to pitcher, Robinson scored, Grudzielanek to second. Stairs intentionally walked. Bako catching. Brown grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Sisco pitching for Royals. Lopez singled to left. Markakis struck out looking. Dessens pitching for Royals. Fahey struck out looking. Halama pitching for Orioles. Mora struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Halama pitching for Orioles. Guiel doubled to right. Graffanino sacrificed to pitcher, Guiel to third. Berroa singled to center, Guiel scored. Bako singled to center, Berroa to second. Robinson grounded out to first, Berroa to third, Bako to second. Burgos pitching for Royals. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Burgos pitching for Royals. Tejada walked. Gibbons walked, Tejada to second. Matos ran for Hernandez. Hernandez walked, Tejada to third, Gibbons to second. Conine hit sacrifice fly to left, Tejada scored. Patterson struck out swinging. Lopez singled to center, Gibbons scored, Matos to third. Gobble pitching for Royals. Millar hit for Fahey. Markakis singled to right, Matos scored, Lopez to second. Millar singled to right, Lopez scored, Markakis to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 7 - Orioles 8.	Four-run ninth helps Orioles sweep Royals