Cardinals - Top 1st. Bautista pitching for Royals. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Spiezio grounded out to first. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Costa grounded out to third. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. Mientkiewicz singled to center. Sanders lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Bautista pitching for Royals. Rolen hit by pitch. Edmonds flied out to right. Encarnacion singled to left, Rolen to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Encarnacion out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Stairs flied out to center. Brown singled to center. Graffanino fouled out to catcher. Buck struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Bautista pitching for Royals. Miles grounded out to first. Eckstein doubled to deep left. Spiezio grounded out to first, Eckstein to third. Pujols grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Blanco flied out to center. Costa grounded out to second. Grudzielanek flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Bautista pitching for Royals. Rolen singled to center. Edmonds struck out swinging, Rolen stole second, Rolen to third on throwing error by catcher Buck. Encarnacion doubled to center, Rolen scored. Rodriguez grounded out to first, Encarnacion to third. Molina grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 4th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Mientkiewicz grounded out to third. Sanders singled to center. Stairs flied out to left. Brown walked, Sanders to second. Graffanino popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Bautista pitching for Royals. Miles grounded out to shortstop. Eckstein grounded out to second. Spiezio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Buck flied out to right. Blanco grounded out to second. Costa popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Bautista pitching for Royals. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Rolen grounded out to pitcher. Edmonds reached on infield single to first. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to third, Edmonds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Grudzielanek grounded out to second. Mientkiewicz singled to center. Sanders grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mientkiewicz out at second. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Sanders to second on passed ball by Molina. Burgos pitching for Royals. Stairs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Burgos pitching for Royals. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Molina popped out to shortstop. Taguchi in left field. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Miles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Brown grounded out to third. Graffanino grounded out to third. Buck struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Burgos pitching for Royals. Eckstein walked. Spiezio singled to shallow center, Eckstein to second. Pujols homered to center, Eckstein and Spiezio scored. Rolen singled to right center. Edmonds grounded out to pitcher, Rolen to second. Nelson pitching for Royals. Encarnacion intentionally walked. Taguchi struck out swinging. Molina popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. German hit for Costa. Blanco reached on bunt single to first. German singled to center, Blanco to second. Grudzielanek singled to left, Blanco scored, German to second. Mientkiewicz struck out swinging. Hancock pitching for Cardinals. Sanders doubled to deep center, German scored, Grudzielanek thrown out at home. German in center field. Dessens pitching for Royals. Stairs grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Dessens pitching for Royals. Miles lined out to third. Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Spiezio struck out looking. Eckstein caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Brown walked. Bako hit for Buck. Graffanino grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Brown out at second. Bako struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Royals 2.	Pujols hits home run No. 21 as Cards beat Royals