Royals - Top 1st. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. DeJesus reached on infield single to third. Grudzielanek grounded out to third, DeJesus to second. Mientkiewicz struck out swinging. Brown singled to left, DeJesus scored. Teahen flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Royals. Eckstein walked. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Pujols singled to left, Eckstein to second. Rolen fouled out to first. Edmonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Graffanino flied out to right. Buck struck out looking. Gathright grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Royals. Spiezio flied out to center. Molina struck out swinging. Miles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Wood grounded out to first. DeJesus singled to left. Grudzielanek flied out to center. Mientkiewicz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Royals. Marquis grounded out to second. Eckstein singled to left. Rodriguez batting. Pujols homered to left, Eckstein and Rodriguez scored. Rolen hit by pitch. Edmonds walked, Rolen to second. Spiezio walked, Rolen to third, Edmonds to second. Molina singled to center, Rolen and Edmonds scored, Spiezio to second. Miles popped out to shortstop. Marquis singled to center, Spiezio scored, Molina tagged out at third. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Brown struck out swinging. Teahen doubled to deep left. Graffanino flied out to right, Teahen to third. Buck flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Royals. Eckstein flied out to left. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Gathright bunt grounded out to first. Wood struck out looking. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Royals. Rolen homered to center. Edmonds homered to right center. Spiezio grounded out to second. Molina flied out to left. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Miles flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Grudzielanek flied out to right. Mientkiewicz singled to center. Brown singled to center, Mientkiewicz to second. Teahen batting. Graffanino flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Marquis grounded out to third. Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop. Rodriguez singled to left, Eckstein to second. Pujols lined out to right, Eckstein to third. Rolen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Buck doubled to deep right. Gathright grounded out to first, Buck to third. Affeldt struck out looking. DeJesus singled to right, Buck scored. DeJesus in center field. German in left field. Grudzielanek grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Edmonds grounded out to second. Spiezio grounded out to shortstop. Molina struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Mientkiewicz walked. Brown singled to left, Mientkiewicz to second. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi in left field. Teahen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Brown out at second, Mientkiewicz to third. Graffanino singled to left, Mientkiewicz scored, Teahen to second. Buck grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Graffanino out at second, Teahen to third. Stairs hit for Affeldt. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Sanders hit for Stairs. German walked, Buck to second. Sanders singled to right, Teahen and Buck scored, German to third. Sisco pitching for Royals. DeJesus flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Sisco pitching for Royals. Miles struck out swinging. Taguchi singled to center. Eckstein grounded out to second, Taguchi to second. Rodriguez walked. Pujols singled to left, Taguchi scored, Rodriguez to third. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Rolen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Grudzielanek grounded out to third. Mientkiewicz singled to right. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mientkiewicz out at second. Brown to second on fielder's indifference. Teahen singled to center, Brown scored. Teahen to second on fielder's indifference. Graffanino doubled to left, Teahen scored. Buck grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 7 - Cardinals 9.	Pujols' three-run blast lifts Cards to first in NL Central