Twins - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Royals. Castillo grounded out to second. Punto grounded out to second. Redmond walked. Cuddyer doubled to deep left, Redmond to third. Morneau grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Smith pitching for Twins. DeJesus hit by pitch. Grudzielanek walked, DeJesus to second. Teahen flied out to right, DeJesus to third. Sanders popped out to second. Costa flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Royals. Hunter doubled to left center. Rabe grounded out to second, Hunter to third. Tyner grounded out to shortstop. Bartlett singled to shallow right, Hunter scored. Bartlett caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Castillo batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Smith pitching for Twins. Shealy walked. Bako reached on infield single to third, Shealy to second. Berroa bunt popped out to catcher. Gathright grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bako out at second, Shealy to third. DeJesus singled to left, Shealy scored, Gathright to second. Grudzielanek flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Royals. Castillo flied out to right. Punto bunt grounded out to pitcher. Redmond singled to left. Redmond to second on wild pitch by Perez. Cuddyer walked. Morneau flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Smith pitching for Twins. Teahen struck out swinging. Sanders flied out to center. Costa walked. Shealy homered to left, Costa scored. Bako doubled to deep right. Berroa tripled to deep center, Bako scored. Gathright flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Royals. Hunter flied out to right. Rabe grounded out to shortstop. Tyner singled to center. Bartlett doubled to deep left, Tyner scored. Castillo tripled to deep center, Bartlett scored. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Punto grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. DeJesus grounded out to pitcher. Grudzielanek singled to left. Teahen flied out to left. Sanders singled to center, Grudzielanek to second. Costa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Perez pitching for Royals. Redmond singled to center. Cuddyer homered to left, Redmond scored. Morneau flied out to right. Hunter struck out swinging. Rabe fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Shealy singled to left. Bako struck out swinging, Shealy to second on wild pitch by Guerrier. Berroa lined out to left. Gathright walked. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. DeJesus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Tyner singled to left. Bartlett singled to left, Tyner to second. Castillo reached on bunt single to pitcher, Tyner to third, Bartlett to second. Punto struck out swinging. Redmond grounded into double play, second to catcher to second to catcher to first to catcher, Bartlett out at third, Bartlett out at home, Tyner out at home, Castillo to second, Redmond. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Reyes pitching for Twins. Grudzielanek singled to center. Teahen grounded out to first, Grudzielanek to second. Brown hit for Costa. Sanders reached on infield single to shortstop, Grudzielanek to third. Brown singled to center, Grudzielanek scored, Sanders to second. Brown in right field. Shealy grounded into double play, third to first, Sanders out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Cuddyer hit by pitch. Morneau grounded out to first, Cuddyer to second. Hunter singled to right, Cuddyer scored. Rabe grounded into double play, second to first, Hunter out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Reyes pitching for Twins. Bako struck out looking. Berroa flied out to right. Nelson pitching for Royals. Gathright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Nelson pitching for Royals. Tyner reached on bunt single to pitcher. Bartlett singled to right, Tyner to third. Castillo singled to left, Tyner scored, Bartlett to second. Punto sacrificed to pitcher, Bartlett to third, Castillo to second. Redmond singled to center, Bartlett and Castillo scored. Cuddyer doubled to deep left center, Redmond thrown out at home, Cuddyer to third advancing on throw. Morneau reached on infield single to third, Cuddyer scored. Hunter tripled to deep right center, Morneau scored. Rincon pitching for Twins. Rabe struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Rincon pitching for Twins. DeJesus flied out to left. Grudzielanek grounded out to first. Burgos pitching for Royals. Teahen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Burgos pitching for Royals. Tyner singled to right. Bartlett doubled to left, Tyner to third. Castillo struck out looking. Punto grounded out to second. Redmond hit by pitch. Eyre pitching for Twins. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Redmond out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Eyre pitching for Twins. Sanders grounded out to shortstop. Brown singled to right center. Shealy walked, Brown to second. Bako grounded into fielder's choice to first, Shealy out at second, Brown to third. Bako to second on fielder's indifference. Berroa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 11 - Royals 5.	Twins sweep Royals for 8th straight road win