Red Sox - Top 1st. Redman pitching for Royals. Youkilis walked. Loretta flied out to left. Ortiz grounded out to second. Ramirez homered to center, Youkilis scored. Pena struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. DeJesus struck out looking. Grudzielanek grounded out to second. Sweeney flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Redman pitching for Royals. Lowell walked. Kapler safe at first on error by third baseman Teahen, Lowell to second. Lopez grounded into double play, third to first, Lowell out at third, Kapler to second. Gonzalez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Teahen flied out to center. Costa grounded out to shortstop. Shealy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Redman pitching for Royals. Youkilis walked. Loretta flied out to center. Ortiz flied out to left. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Buck grounded out to second. Berroa struck out swinging. Gathright grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Redman pitching for Royals. Pena grounded out to third. Lowell walked. Kapler doubled to left center, Lowell to third. Lopez doubled to left, Lowell and Kapler scored. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Youkilis grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. DeJesus grounded out to second. Grudzielanek singled to center. Sweeney singled to left, Grudzielanek to third, Sweeney to second advancing on throw. Teahen doubled to deep left center, Grudzielanek and Sweeney scored. Costa struck out swinging, Costa safe at first on wild pitch by Beckett, Teahen to third. Teahen scored, Costa to second on passed ball by Lopez. Shealy grounded out to third. Buck grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Redman pitching for Royals. Loretta walked. Ortiz lined out to center. Ramirez singled to center, Loretta to second. Pena singled to left, Loretta to third, Ramirez to second. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Lowell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pena out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Berroa singled to center. Gathright sacrificed to pitcher, Berroa to second. DeJesus lined out to shortstop. Berroa to third on wild pitch by Beckett. Grudzielanek grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Kapler walked. Lopez struck out swinging. Kapler caught stealing second, pitcher to second to first to shortstop. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Sweeney flied out to left. Teahen singled to center. Costa reached on bunt single to third, Teahen to second. Shealy struck out looking. Teahen to third on wild pitch by Beckett. Buck lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Youkilis doubled to right. Loretta grounded out to first, Youkilis to third. Ortiz intentionally walked. Ramirez walked, Ortiz to second. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Pena grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Berroa flied out to right. Gathright reached on infield single to shortstop. Gathright stole second. DeJesus walked. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Grudzielanek grounded out to second, Gathright to third, DeJesus to second. Sweeney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Lowell grounded out to second. Dohmann pitching for Royals. Kapler safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Teahen. Lopez singled to left center, Kapler to second. Gonzalez flied out to center, Kapler to third. Youkilis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Teahen grounded out to second. Costa singled to left. Shealy struck out swinging, Costa stole second. Buck grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Dohmann pitching for Royals. Loretta grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz grounded out to first. Ramirez walked. Crisp in center field. Kapler in right field. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. German hit for Berroa. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. German tripled to deep right center. Gathright struck out swinging. DeJesus hit sacrifice fly to left, German scored. Grudzielanek doubled to deep left. Sweeney singled to left, Grudzielanek scored. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 4 - Royals 5.	Royals rally off Papelbon, send BoSox to 4th straight loss