Royals - Top 1st. Byrd pitching for Indians. DeJesus singled to right. Grudzielanek grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeJesus out at second. Teahen doubled to right, Grudzielanek to third. Brown hit sacrifice fly to right, Grudzielanek scored, Teahen to third. Sanders flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Bernero pitching for Royals. Sizemore singled to right. Michaels grounded out to third, Sizemore to second. Hafner grounded out to second, Sizemore to third. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Byrd pitching for Indians. Shealy flied out to right. Bako singled to right. Berroa struck out swinging. Gathright grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Bernero pitching for Royals. Choo grounded out to shortstop. Peralta singled to center. Garko flied out to left. Vazquez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Byrd pitching for Indians. DeJesus flied out to right. Grudzielanek singled to left center. Teahen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Grudzielanek out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Bernero pitching for Royals. Marte grounded out to pitcher. Sizemore flied out to right. Michaels doubled to center. Hafner lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Byrd pitching for Indians. Brown grounded out to third. Sanders grounded out to shortstop. Shealy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Bernero pitching for Royals. Martinez singled to center. Choo struck out swinging. Peralta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Byrd pitching for Indians. Bako lined out to center. Berroa reached on infield single to second. Berroa picked off first. Gathright singled to center, Gathright to second on throwing error by center fielder Sizemore. DeJesus reached on infield single to shortstop, Gathright to third. Grudzielanek singled to center, Gathright scored, DeJesus to third. Teahen singled to left, DeJesus scored, Grudzielanek to second. Brown lined out to second. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 5th. Bernero pitching for Royals. Garko grounded out to third. Vazquez struck out swinging. Marte doubled to deep left. Sizemore struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Byrd pitching for Indians. Sanders struck out looking. Shealy grounded out to second. Bako walked. Berroa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Bernero pitching for Royals. Michaels doubled to left. Hafner struck out looking. Martinez struck out swinging. Peralta pitching for Royals. Choo doubled to right, Michaels scored, Choo to third on error by right fielder Brown. Peralta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 7th. Byrd pitching for Indians. Gathright grounded out to second. DeJesus fouled out to left. Grudzielanek flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Garko hit by pitch. Vazquez struck out swinging. Gobble pitching for Royals. Marte flied out to center. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Byrd pitching for Indians. Teahen reached on bunt single to pitcher, Teahen to second on throwing error by pitcher Byrd. Brown intentionally walked. Sanders grounded into double play, third to second to first, Brown out at second, Teahen to third. Shealy popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 8th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Michaels lined out to first. Hafner doubled to left. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Choo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Bako popped out to shortstop. Berroa struck out swinging. Burgos pitching for Royals. Gathright flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Burgos pitching for Royals. Peralta grounded out to third. Garko singled to center. Boone hit for Marte. Vazquez singled to left, Garko to second. Boone walked, Garko to third, Vazquez to second. Sizemore tripled to deep left, Garko, Vazquez and Boone scored. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 3 - Indians 4.	Indians rally past Burgos, Royals for third straight win