Royals - Top 1st. Garland pitching for White Sox. DeJesus grounded out to second. Grudzielanek grounded out to second. Sweeney singled to center. Teahen grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Redman pitching for Royals. Ozuna flied out to center. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop. Thome flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Brown flied out to right. Shealy singled to center. Buck popped out to second. Berroa lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Redman pitching for Royals. Konerko doubled to deep right center. Dye singled to left, Konerko to third. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to third, Konerko out at third, Dye to second. Crede grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pierzynski out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Gathright grounded out to first. DeJesus flied out to center. Grudzielanek doubled to left. Sweeney lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Redman pitching for Royals. Uribe grounded out to second. Anderson singled to left. Ozuna flied out to center. Iguchi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Teahen struck out swinging. Brown reached on infield single to third. Shealy lined out to third. Brown stole second, Brown safe at third on throwing error by catcher Pierzynski. Buck struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Redman pitching for Royals. Thome singled to right. Konerko singled to center, Thome to second. Dye hit by pitch, Thome to third, Konerko to second. Pierzynski singled to left, Thome and Konerko scored, Dye to third. Crede doubled to deep center, Dye and Pierzynski scored. Uribe flied out to right, Crede to third. Anderson singled to right, Crede scored. Ozuna grounded out to pitcher, Anderson to second. Iguchi singled to center, Anderson scored. Thome homered to left, Iguchi scored. Peralta pitching for Royals. Konerko flied out to left. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Gload in right field. Garland pitching for White Sox. Berroa grounded out to third. Gathright singled to left. DeJesus grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gathright out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Gload doubled to deep right center. Pierzynski grounded out to second, Gload to third. Crede fouled out to first. Uribe flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Ozuna at third base. Mackowiak in left field. Garland pitching for White Sox. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Sweeney struck out swinging. Teahen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. German at second base. Peralta pitching for Royals. Anderson homered to left. Ozuna flied out to center. Iguchi flied out to center. Thome struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Brown walked. Shealy singled to left, Brown to second. Buck flied out to center. Berroa doubled to right, Brown scored, Shealy to third. Gathright struck out looking. Sisco pitching for Royals. DeJesus flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Sisco pitching for Royals. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Gload singled to right center. Pierzynski singled to left center, Gload to second. Mackowiak singled to right, Gload scored, Pierzynski to third. Uribe singled to left center, Pierzynski scored, Mackowiak to second. Anderson walked, Mackowiak to third, Uribe to second. Ozuna grounded out to third, Mackowiak scored, Uribe to third, Anderson to second. Iguchi flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Riske pitching for White Sox. German reached on infield single to third. Sweeney reached on infield single to third, German to second. Teahen flied out to left. Brown flied out to left. Shealy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Alomar Jr hit for Thome. Sisco pitching for Royals. Alomar Jr popped out to shortstop. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Gload struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Buck homered to left center. Berroa struck out swinging. Gathright fouled out to shortstop. DeJesus flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 2 - White Sox 12.	Thome's blast helps White Sox destroy Royals