Athletics - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Kendall struck out looking. Kotsay doubled to left. Bradley walked. Thomas singled to left, Kotsay to third, Bradley to second. Chavez hit sacrifice fly to right, Kotsay scored, Bradley to third. Payton doubled to deep left center, Bradley and Thomas scored. Swisher lined out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. DeJesus grounded out to second. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. Teahen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Crosby singled to center. Ellis walked, Crosby to second. Kendall sacrificed to catcher, Crosby to third, Ellis to second. Kotsay hit sacrifice fly to center, Crosby scored, Ellis to third. Bradley lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Brown grounded out to pitcher. Sanders grounded out to pitcher. Shealy doubled to deep right. Bako grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Thomas walked. Chavez walked, Thomas to second. Payton flied out to center. Swisher fouled out to first. Crosby struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Gathright struck out looking. Blanco popped out to shortstop. DeJesus singled to left. Grudzielanek reached on infield single to shortstop, DeJesus to second. Teahen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Ellis singled to center. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellis out at second. Kotsay grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Brown grounded out to pitcher. Sanders homered to right. Shealy flied out to left. Bako singled to left. Gathright grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Bradley doubled to deep left center. Thomas flied out to center. Chavez grounded out to second. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Payton hit by pitch. Swisher popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Blanco singled to center. DeJesus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blanco out at second. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Crosby flied out to center. Ellis doubled to left. Kendall grounded out to third. Kotsay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Teahen singled to right. Brown grounded into double play, third to second to first, Teahen out at second. Sanders singled to left. Shealy singled to left, Sanders to second. Bako singled to center, Sanders scored, Shealy to second. Gathright singled to center, Bako tagged out at second, Shealy to third. 1 Run, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Bradley grounded out to first. Thomas flied out to right. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Chavez fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Blanco singled to center. DeJesus singled to left, Blanco to second. Grudzielanek grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second to first, DeJesus out at second, Blanco to third. Teahen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Payton singled to center. Swisher homered to left, Payton scored. Crosby walked. Ellis walked, Crosby to second. Kendall flied out to right. Kotsay grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ellis out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Brown struck out swinging. Sanders grounded out to second. Shealy walked. Dohmann pitching for Royals. Bako struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Melhuse hit for Thomas. Dohmann pitching for Royals. Bradley grounded out to third. Melhuse struck out looking. Chavez walked. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Payton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Gathright struck out looking. Blanco grounded out to second. DeJesus singled to left. DeJesus to second on fielder's indifference. Grudzielanek inside-the-park home run to deep right, DeJesus scored. Teahen grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 6 - Royals 4.	Swisher helps Saarloos, A's sneak past Royals