Red Sox - Top 1st. Humber pitching for White Sox. Aviles walked. Sweeney struck out looking. Aviles stole second. Pedroia reached on infield single to third, Aviles to third. Gonzalez doubled to left, Aviles scored, Pedroia to third. Ortiz singled to left center, Pedroia scored, Gonzalez to third. Youkilis struck out looking. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. De Aza grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Dunn walked. Dunn to second on wild pitch by Doubront. Konerko doubled to deep center, Dunn scored. Pierzynski walked. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierzynski out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Humber pitching for White Sox. Anderson flied out to left. Byrd flied out to right. Aviles grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Viciedo popped out to shortstop. Morel lined out to right. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Humber pitching for White Sox. Sweeney hit ground rule double to left. Pedroia lined out to shortstop. Gonzalez walked. Ortiz walked, Sweeney to third, Gonzalez to second. Youkilis homered to right (385 feet), Sweeney, Gonzalez and Ortiz scored. Saltalamacchia homered to right (361 feet). Anderson lined out to second. Byrd struck out looking. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. De Aza flied out to left. Ramirez walked. Dunn hit by pitch, Ramirez to second. Konerko flied out to right, Ramirez to third. Pierzynski singled to left, Ramirez scored, Dunn to second. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pierzynski out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Humber pitching for White Sox. Aviles lined out to center. Sweeney grounded out to second. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Viciedo homered to left center (414 feet). Morel lined out to center. Beckham grounded out to third. De Aza doubled to left center. Ramirez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Humber pitching for White Sox. Gonzalez struck out looking. Ortiz flied out to center. Youkilis singled to left. Saltalamacchia homered to left center (398 feet), Youkilis scored. Anderson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Dunn popped out to shortstop. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Byrd reached on infield single to second. Aviles grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Byrd out at second. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. McDonald in left field. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Rios grounded out to pitcher. Viciedo singled to right. Morel flied out to right. Beckham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Viciedo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. De Aza struck out looking. Ramirez lined out to third. Dunn reached on infield single to shortstop. Konerko singled to left center, Dunn to second. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Lillibridge at first base. Stewart pitching for White Sox. Youkilis reached on infield single to third. Saltalamacchia grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Youkilis out at second. McDonald popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Rios safe at first on error by third baseman Youkilis. Viciedo struck out swinging. Morel flied out to center. Beckham hit by pitch, Rios to second. De Aza flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 9th. Stewart pitching for White Sox. Byrd flied out to center. Aviles doubled to deep left center. Sweeney singled to left, Aviles scored, Sweeney to second advancing on throw. Pedroia fouled out to right, Sweeney to third. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez lined out to second. Dunn struck out swinging. Lillibridge struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 10 - White Sox 3.	Red Sox pound Humber, White Sox   \n\n