Braves - Top 1st. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Bourn singled to center. Prado walked, Bourn to second. Bourn stole third, Prado stole second. McCann reached on infield single to second, Bourn scored, Prado to third. Uggla struck out swinging. Freeman struck out swinging. Jones lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Delgado pitching for Braves. Nava popped out to shortstop. Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop. Ortiz flied out to center. Saltalamacchia singled to right, Pedroia to third. Gonzalez singled to right center, Pedroia scored, Saltalamacchia to third. Middlebrooks doubled to deep center, Saltalamacchia scored, Gonzalez to third. Ross grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Heyward flied out to right. Ross struck out swinging. Simmons struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Delgado pitching for Braves. Kalish struck out looking. Aviles singled to center. Nava hit by pitch, Aviles to second. Pedroia doubled to deep center, Aviles and Nava scored. Ortiz intentionally walked. Saltalamacchia walked, Pedroia to third, Ortiz to second. Martinez pitching for Braves. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Saltalamacchia out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Bourn reached on infield single to first. Prado grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bourn out at second. McCann grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Braves. Middlebrooks homered to left (386 feet). Ross struck out swinging. Kalish flied out to right. Aviles doubled to left. Nava flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Uggla grounded out to shortstop. Freeman struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Braves. Pedroia singled to shallow center. Ortiz lined out to first, Pedroia out at first. Saltalamacchia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Heyward reached on infield single to pitcher, Heyward to second on throwing error by pitcher Morales. Ross fouled out to first, Heyward to third. Simmons popped out to shortstop. Bourn singled to left, Heyward scored. Bourn stole second. Prado flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Braves. Gonzalez singled to left. Middlebrooks singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Ross doubled to deep center, Gonzalez scored, Middlebrooks to third. Kalish struck out swinging. Varvaro pitching for Braves. Aviles struck out swinging. Nava grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Morales pitching for Red Sox. McCann struck out looking. Uggla singled to left. Freeman struck out swinging. Jones doubled to deep right center, Uggla scored. Heyward grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Varvaro pitching for Braves. Pedroia walked. Ortiz popped out to third. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Ross reached on bunt single to third. Simmons doubled to left, Ross to third. Bourn grounded out to first, Ross scored, Simmons to third. Prado walked. Miller pitching for Red Sox. McCann lined into double play, to first, Prado doubled off first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Varvaro pitching for Braves. Middlebrooks grounded out to third. Ross doubled to deep center. Kalish walked. Venters pitching for Braves. Ross to third, Kalish to second on wild pitch by Venters. Aviles struck out swinging. Nava singled to right, Ross and Kalish scored. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Nava out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Padilla pitching for Red Sox. Uggla flied out to left. Freeman singled to left center. Jones flied out to center. Heyward grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Medlen pitching for Braves. Ortiz grounded out to second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Ross flied out to right. Simmons flied out to center. Bourn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 4 - Red Sox 8.	Middlebrooks shines as Red Sox win   \n\n