Twins - Top 1st. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Span grounded out to second. Revere reached on infield single to third. Mauer singled to left, Revere to second. Mauer caught stealing second, catcher to second, Revere to third on runner's fielder's choice. Willingham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Duensing pitching for Twins. Ellsbury reached on infield single to second. Pedroia singled to center, Ellsbury to third. Ross flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pedroia out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Morneau doubled to left center. Valencia flied out to right, Morneau to third. Mastroianni singled to center, Morneau scored. Dozier struck out swinging. Carroll walked, Mastroianni to second. Span grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Duensing pitching for Twins. Lavarnway lined out to second. Middlebrooks grounded out to second. Crawford doubled to right. Shoppach singled to center, Crawford scored. Aviles singled to center, Shoppach to second. Ellsbury flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Revere grounded out to second. Mauer walked. Willingham grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Mauer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Duensing pitching for Twins. Pedroia singled to center. Ross singled to left, Pedroia to second. Gonzalez singled to left center, Pedroia scored, Ross to second. Lavarnway flied out to center, Ross to third. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. Crawford homered to right (401 feet), Ross and Gonzalez scored. Shoppach grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Morneau singled to left. Valencia struck out looking. Mastroianni grounded out to first, Morneau to second. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Aviles singled to right. Ellsbury flied out to center. Pedroia grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Aviles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Carroll singled to center. Span grounded into fielder's choice to third, Carroll out at second. Revere singled to shallow left, Span to second. Mauer walked, Span to third, Revere to second. Willingham walked, Span scored, Revere to third, Mauer to second. Morneau singled to center, Revere and Mauer scored, Willingham to third. Valencia hit sacrifice fly to right, Willingham scored. Mastroianni flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Ross safe at first on error by third baseman Valencia. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Ross safe at second on throwing error by catcher Mauer. Lavarnway grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second, Ross to third. Middlebrooks fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Dozier grounded out to third. Carroll doubled to left. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Span grounded out to second, Carroll to third. Revere grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Crawford grounded out to second. Shoppach struck out swinging. Aviles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Mauer grounded out to second. Willingham flied out to center. Morneau doubled to left center. Melancon pitching for Red Sox. Valencia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Fien pitching for Twins. Ellsbury struck out looking. Pedroia struck out looking. Ross doubled to left. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Lavarnway fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Melancon pitching for Red Sox. Mastroianni grounded out to shortstop. Dozier lined out to right. Carroll reached on infield single to third. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Span grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Middlebrooks grounded out to shortstop. Crawford singled to right. Shoppach singled to left, Crawford to second. Aviles walked, Crawford to third, Shoppach to second. Robertson pitching for Twins. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Gray pitching for Twins. Pedroia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Mauer struck out swinging. Willingham walked. Morneau hit by pitch, Willingham to second. Padilla pitching for Red Sox. Valencia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Gray pitching for Twins. Ross struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to center. Lavarnway doubled to deep center. Ciriaco ran for Lavarnway. Middlebrooks grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 10th. Padilla pitching for Red Sox. Mastroianni doubled to deep right. Dozier bunt popped out foul to third. Carroll singled to right center, Mastroianni scored. Span grounded out to second, Carroll to second. Revere struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 10th. Burton pitching for Twins. Crawford struck out swinging. Shoppach flied out to center. Aviles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 6 - Red Sox 5.	Carroll's 4th hit boosts Twins by Red Sox in 10