Red Sox - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Crawford walked. Pedroia singled to left, Crawford to second. Gonzalez flied out to center, Crawford to third. Ross struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Hardy fouled out to right. McLouth grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop. Aviles flied out to right. Podsednik flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Jones grounded out to first. Wieters grounded out to second. Davis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Punto lined out to left. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop. Crawford lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Reynolds lined out to shortstop. Machado grounded out to pitcher. Quintanilla grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Pedroia grounded out to first. Gonzalez singled to center. Ross struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Markakis walked. Hardy grounded out to third, Markakis to second. McLouth grounded out to second, Markakis to third. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Aviles fouled out to catcher. Podsednik singled to center. Punto singled to center, Podsednik to second. Ellsbury hit ground rule double to deep right center, Podsednik scored, Punto to third. Crawford hit sacrifice fly to center, Punto scored, Ellsbury to third. Pedroia popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Wieters walked. Davis grounded out to second, Wieters to second. Reynolds struck out looking. Machado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Gonzalez flied out to left. Ross lined out to center. Saltalamacchia singled to right. Aviles lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Quintanilla grounded out to second. Markakis walked. Hardy singled to left, Markakis to second. McLouth singled to center, Markakis scored, Hardy to third. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hardy scored, McLouth safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Cook. Wieters hit ground rule double to deep left, McLouth scored, Jones to third. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jones out at home, Wieters to third. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Reynolds doubled to deep left, Wieters and Davis scored. Machado reached on infield single to shortstop, Reynolds to third. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Quintanilla grounded into fielder's choice to second, Machado out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 7th. Romero pitching for Orioles. Ciriaco hit for Podsednik. Ciriaco flied out to center. Punto safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Romero. Ellsbury singled to center, Punto to third. Crawford grounded out to second, Punto scored, Ellsbury to second. Ayala pitching for Orioles. Pedroia grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Ciriaco in right field. Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Markakis struck out swinging. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. McLouth lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Strop pitching for Orioles. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Ross struck out looking. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Valencia at third base. Punto at first base. Mortensen pitching for Red Sox. Jones singled to center. Wieters grounded out to first, Jones to second. Davis grounded out to first, Jones to third. Reynolds intentionally walked. Machado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Aviles grounded out to shortstop. Ciriaco struck out swinging. Punto lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 3 - Orioles 5.	Cook, Red Sox lose no-no, then game to Orioles