Angels - Top 1st. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Trout struck out swinging. Hunter lined out to third. Kendrick singled to shallow left. Trumbo popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Wilson pitching for Angels. Ciriaco grounded out to third. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Pedroia doubled to deep center. Gonzalez singled to center, Pedroia scored. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Callaspo singled to right center. Morales grounded into double play, third to second to first, Callaspo out at second. Aybar doubled to left. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Lavarnway grounded out to third. Gomez doubled to left. Aviles struck out swinging. Podsednik singled to center, Gomez scored. Ciriaco reached on infield single to third, Podsednik to second. Ellsbury singled to center, Podsednik scored, Ciriaco to third. Ellsbury stole second. Pedroia homered to left (393 feet), Ciriaco and Ellsbury scored. Gonzalez flied out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Iannetta singled to shallow right. Trout grounded into fielder's choice to second, Iannetta out at second. Hunter singled to left, Trout to second. Trout stole third. Kendrick singled to center, Trout scored, Hunter to second. Trumbo struck out swinging. Callaspo walked, Hunter to third, Kendrick to second. Morales walked, Hunter scored, Kendrick to third, Callaspo to second. Aybar safe at first on error by third baseman Ciriaco, Kendrick scored, Callaspo to third, Morales to second. Mortensen pitching for Red Sox. Wells walked, Callaspo scored, Morales to third, Aybar to second. Iannetta singled to left, Morales and Aybar scored, Wells to second. Trout singled to right, Wells scored, Iannetta to third. Hunter singled to right, Iannetta scored, Trout to third, Hunter to second advancing on throw. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Kendrick grounded out to second. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Ross struck out swinging. Lavarnway struck out swinging. Gomez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Trumbo popped out to second. Callaspo flied out to left. Morales grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Aviles flied out to right. Podsednik flied out to left. Ciriaco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Melancon pitching for Red Sox. Aybar struck out looking. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Iannetta singled to center. Trout flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Ellsbury struck out looking. Pedroia safe at first on error by third baseman Callaspo. Pedroia to second on passed ball by Iannetta. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Ross singled to shallow right, Pedroia scored. Lavarnway struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Melancon pitching for Red Sox. Hunter flied out to center. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Trumbo walked. Callaspo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Trumbo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Isringhausen pitching for Angels. Gomez popped out to second. Aviles homered to left (397 feet). Podsednik walked. Walden pitching for Angels. Podsednik caught stealing second, catcher to second. Ciriaco doubled to left. Ellsbury doubled to left, Ciriaco scored. Pedroia flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Bailey pitching for Red Sox. Morales singled to right. Aybar reached on infield single to second, Morales to second. Wells flied out to left. Iannetta struck out looking. Trout singled to center, Morales scored, Aybar to third. Padilla pitching for Red Sox. Trout stole second. Hunter walked. Kendrick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Gonzalez lined out to left. Ross flied out to left. Saltalamacchia hit for Lavarnway. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Saltalamacchia catching. Padilla pitching for Red Sox. Trumbo flied out to right. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop. Morales popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Richards pitching for Angels. Gomez struck out swinging. Aviles grounded out to second. Podsednik singled to left. Ciriaco singled to shallow right, Podsednik to second. Downs pitching for Angels. Ellsbury singled to shallow right, Podsednik scored, Ciriaco to third. Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop, Ciriaco scored, Ellsbury to second. Gonzalez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Aybar struck out swinging. Wells homered to left (382 feet). Iannetta flied out to right. Trout singled to right, Trout to second on error by right fielder Ross. Hunter singled to left center, Trout scored, Hunter to second advancing on throw. Kendrick walked. Trumbo singled to center, Hunter scored, Kendrick to second. Callaspo grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Frieri pitching for Angels. Ross homered to left (347 feet). Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Gomez flied out to left. Aviles struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 10th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Morales homered to right (385 feet). Aybar singled to right. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Wells doubled to left, Aybar scored, Wells thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Iannetta struck out looking. Trout walked. Hunter struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 10th. Frieri pitching for Angels. Podsednik struck out looking. Ciriaco singled to left. Ciriaco to second on fielder's indifference. Ellsbury flied out to center. Ciriaco to third on passed ball by Iannetta. Pedroia singled to right, Ciriaco scored. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 14 - Red Sox 13.	Angels finish sweep of Red Sox in slugfest   \n\n