Royals - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Dyson singled to right. Escobar singled to left, Dyson to third. Gordon doubled to left, Dyson and Escobar scored. Butler singled to right, Gordon scored. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Butler out at second. Moustakas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Perez out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Podsednik flied out to center. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ellsbury flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Francoeur flied out to right. Hosmer grounded out to shortstop. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Ross popped out to first. Gomez homered to left (383 feet). Saltalamacchia singled to right. Lavarnway singled to left, Saltalamacchia to second. Aviles homered to left (340 feet), Saltalamacchia and Lavarnway scored. Ciriaco grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Dyson grounded out to second. Escobar lined out to second. Gordon walked. Butler lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Pedroia hit ground rule double to right. Ellsbury walked. Ross singled to center, Pedroia to third, Ellsbury to second. Gomez reached on infield single to pitcher, Pedroia scored, Ellsbury to third, Ross to second, Ellsbury scored, Ross to third, Gomez to first on throwing error by pitcher Guthrie.M Gomez out at second. Saltalamacchia hit sacrifice fly to center, Ross scored. Lavarnway walked. Teaford pitching for Royals. Aviles flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Moustakas grounded out to second. Francoeur grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Teaford pitching for Royals. Ciriaco walked. Podsednik struck out looking. Pedroia flied out to center. Ellsbury singled to center, Ciriaco to third. Ross singled to left, Ciriaco scored, Ellsbury to third. Gomez singled to left, Ellsbury scored, Ross to second. Saltalamacchia fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Hosmer grounded out to second. Abreu singled to center. Dyson grounded out to first, Abreu to second. Escobar singled to left, Abreu to third. Gordon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Teaford pitching for Royals. Lavarnway struck out swinging. Aviles flied out to center. Ciriaco singled to center. Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop, Ciriaco to second. Coleman pitching for Royals. Pedroia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Butler singled to right. Perez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Butler out at second. Moustakas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Ellsbury popped out to first. Ross singled to left. Gomez singled to right, Ross to third, Gomez out stretching at second. Saltalamacchia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer singled to center. Abreu struck out looking. Dyson walked, Hosmer to second. Escobar walked, Hosmer to third, Dyson to second. Gordon singled to right, Hosmer and Dyson scored, Escobar to third. Melancon pitching for Red Sox. Butler hit ground rule double to right, Escobar scored, Gordon to third. Perez singled to right, Gordon scored, Butler to third. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Moustakas tripled to deep right, Butler and Perez scored. Francoeur intentionally walked. Hosmer grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Crow pitching for Royals. Lavarnway struck out swinging. Aviles singled to left. Aviles caught stealing second, catcher to second. Ciriaco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Abreu flied out to center. Cain hit for Dyson. Cain struck out swinging. Escobar popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Cain in center field. Collins pitching for Royals. Podsednik singled to right. Pedroia lined into double play, to first, Podsednik doubled off first. Ellsbury doubled to left. Herrera pitching for Royals. Ellsbury stole third. Ross flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Bailey pitching for Red Sox. Gordon flied out to center. Butler grounded out to third. Perez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Gomez grounded out to third. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Lavarnway singled to center. Iglesias ran for Lavarnway. Aviles flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 10th. Padilla pitching for Red Sox. Lin in right field. Moustakas hit by pitch. Francoeur grounded out to first, Moustakas to second. Hosmer intentionally walked. Abreu struck out swinging. Cain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 10th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Ciriaco singled to right. Ciriaco to second on wild pitch by Herrera. Podsednik sacrificed to pitcher, Ciriaco to third. Pedroia intentionally walked. Bueno pitching for Royals. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ciriaco out at home, Pedroia to second. Lin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 11th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Escobar grounded out to third. Gordon struck out swinging. Butler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 11th. Bueno pitching for Royals. Gomez struck out looking. Saltalamacchia singled to left center. Iglesias grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Saltalamacchia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 12th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Perez struck out swinging. Moustakas grounded out to second. Francoeur walked. Hosmer doubled to left, Francoeur to third. Abreu singled to left, Francoeur scored, Hosmer to third. Mortensen pitching for Red Sox. Abreu to second on wild pitch by Mortensen. Cain struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 12th. Holland pitching for Royals. Aviles popped out to shortstop. Ciriaco lined out to second. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 10 - Red Sox 9.	Royals rally from six-run deficit to top Red Sox