Red Sox - Top 1st. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Podsednik singled to center. Pedroia singled to right, Podsednik to second. Ellsbury grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Pedroia out at second, Podsednik to third. Ross flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Crisp flied out to left. Drew flied out to center. Reddick popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Loney singled to center. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. Aviles singled to right, Loney to second. Ciriaco grounded out to third, Loney to third, Aviles to second. Iglesias lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Cespedes singled to left. Moss doubled to deep left, Cespedes scored. Gomes singled to right, Moss scored. Donaldson homered to left (404 feet), Gomes scored. Kottaras grounded out to second. Pennington flied out to center. Crisp grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Podsednik flied out to left. Pedroia grounded out to second. Ellsbury popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Cook pitching for Red Sox. Drew flied out to center. Reddick doubled to deep right. Cespedes flied out to center, Reddick to third. Moss doubled to third, Reddick scored. Gomes singled to center, Moss scored. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Donaldson flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Ross flied out to center. Loney flied out to left. Saltalamacchia homered to right (395 feet). Aviles flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Kottaras struck out looking. Pennington struck out swinging. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Ciriaco flied out to right. Iglesias grounded out to pitcher. Podsednik flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Drew grounded out to first. Reddick flied out to center. Cespedes hit by pitch. Moss homered to right (428 feet), Cespedes scored. Gomes struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Pedroia singled to left. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pedroia out at second. Ross singled to center, Ellsbury to third. Loney struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Donaldson fouled out to first. Kottaras homered to right (383 feet). Pennington singled to left. Crisp grounded out to catcher, Pennington to second. Drew lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Aviles flied out to center. Ciriaco singled to center. Iglesias hit by pitch, Ciriaco to second. Figueroa pitching for Athletics. Gomez hit for Podsednik. Ciriaco to third, Iglesias to second on wild pitch by Figueroa. Gomez grounded out to third, Ciriaco scored. Pedroia grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Gomez at third base. Ciriaco in left field. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Reddick popped out to first. Cespedes singled to left. Moss singled to center, Cespedes to second. Gomes walked, Cespedes to third, Moss to second. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cespedes scored, Moss safe at third on error by third baseman Gomez, Gomes to second. Kottaras singled to right, Moss and Gomes scored, Donaldson to third. Melancon pitching for Red Sox. Rosales ran for Donaldson. Pennington doubled to deep right, Rosales scored, Kottaras to third. Crisp walked. Drew singled to left, Kottaras scored, Pennington to third, Crisp to second. Reddick homered to right (381 feet), Pennington, Crisp and Drew scored. Cespedes flied out to right. Moss struck out swinging. 9 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 8th. Rosales at third base. Figueroa pitching for Athletics. Ellsbury reached on infield single to second. Ross walked, Ellsbury to second. Loney grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Ross out at second, Ellsbury to third. Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Padilla pitching for Red Sox. Gomes fouled out to first. Rosales doubled to right. Kottaras homered to right (400 feet), Rosales scored. Pennington singled to left. Crisp flied out to center. Drew fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Aviles grounded out to shortstop. Ciriaco grounded out to third. Iglesias fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 2 - Athletics 20.	A's pound Red Sox, win 7th straight