White Sox - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Pierre singled to center. Beckham doubled to left, Pierre to third. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko singled to right, Pierre scored, Beckham to third. Rios struck out swinging. Quentin singled to center, Beckham scored, Konerko to second. Pierzynski grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Brantley singled to left. Cabrera flied out to center. Choo grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Brantley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Ramirez struck out swinging. Morel grounded out to third. Pierre struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Santana singled to left. Hafner grounded out to second, Santana to second. Cabrera grounded out to third. Kearns walked. LaPorta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Beckham singled to center. Dunn homered to right (366 feet), Beckham scored. Konerko singled to left. Rios struck out swinging. Quentin homered to left (382 feet), Konerko scored. Pierzynski flied out to center. Ramirez grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Hannahan flied out to left. Brantley popped out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Morel singled to center. Pierre walked, Morel to second. Beckham singled to left center, Morel to third, Pierre to second. Dunn doubled to deep right center, Morel and Pierre scored, Beckham to third. Germano pitching for Indians. Konerko hit by pitch. Rios flied out to right. Quentin doubled to deep left, Beckham and Dunn scored, Konerko to third. Pierzynski singled to right, Konerko scored, Quentin to third. Ramirez doubled to left, Quentin scored, Pierzynski to third. Morel doubled to left, Pierzynski and Ramirez scored. Pierre lined out to right. Beckham fouled out to catcher. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Choo grounded out to second. Santana grounded out to pitcher. Hafner flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Germano pitching for Indians. Dunn flied out to center. Konerko grounded out to third. Rios walked. Quentin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Cabrera flied out to right. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. LaPorta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Germano pitching for Indians. Pierzynski flied out to center. Ramirez popped out to shortstop. Morel flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Hannahan singled to center. Brantley flied out to left. Cabrera singled to center, Hannahan to second. Choo reached on infield single to second, Hannahan to third, Cabrera to second. Santana singled to center, Hannahan scored, Cabrera to third, Choo to second. Hafner singled to deep center, Cabrera scored, Choo to third, Santana to second. Cabrera singled to center, Choo and Santana scored, Hafner to second. Kearns flied out to center. LaPorta flied out to left. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Teahen struck out swinging. Lillibridge struck out swinging. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Hannahan homered to right center (414 feet). Brantley grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera doubled to deep center. Choo flied out to left. Santana homered to left (382 feet), Cabrera scored. Pena pitching for White Sox. Hafner grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Konerko flied out to center. Rios struck out looking. Milledge doubled to deep center. Pierzynski singled to center, Milledge scored. Ramirez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Pena pitching for White Sox. Cabrera grounded out to third. Kearns grounded out to third. LaPorta singled to shallow left. Hannahan singled to right, LaPorta to second. Sale pitching for White Sox. Brantley doubled to left, LaPorta and Hannahan scored. Cabrera reached on infield single to pitcher, Brantley to third. Choo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Pestano pitching for Indians. Morel struck out swinging. Teahen singled to shallow left. Lillibridge struck out swinging. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Crain pitching for White Sox. Santana flied out to center. Hafner singled to right. Cabrera flied out to left. Kearns walked, Hafner to second. LaPorta singled to left, Hafner scored, Kearns to third. Hannahan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 15 - Indians 10.	White Sox beat Indians