White Sox - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Beckham grounded out to pitcher. Dunn singled to left. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dunn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Danks pitching for White Sox. Brantley struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out looking. Choo walked. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Quentin reached on infield single to third, Quentin to second on throwing error by third baseman Hannahan. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop, Quentin to third. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Hafner struck out looking. Cabrera singled to left. Buck popped out to third. Hannahan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Vizquel singled to right. Pierre grounded out to second, Vizquel to second. Beckham grounded out to shortstop, Vizquel to third. Dunn walked. Konerko singled to left, Vizquel scored, Dunn to second. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to third, Konerko out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Marson flied out to center. Brantley grounded out to second. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Quentin walked. Pierzynski singled to center, Quentin to second. Ramirez bunt popped into triple play, first to second to shortstop, Pierzynski out at first, Quentin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Choo grounded out to second. Santana singled to center. Hafner flied out to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Vizquel singled to shallow left. Pierre sacrificed to pitcher, Vizquel to second. Beckham hit by pitch. Dunn flied out to center. Konerko grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Buck grounded out to shortstop. Hannahan struck out looking. Marson singled to left. Brantley singled to left, Marson to second. Marson to third on wild pitch by Danks. Cabrera lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Rios grounded out to pitcher. Quentin grounded out to third. Pierzynski doubled to deep center. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Choo grounded out to shortstop. Santana popped out to first. Hafner singled to center. Cabrera homered to left (377 feet), Hafner scored. Buck lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Vizquel grounded out to first. Pierre grounded out to first. Beckham popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Hannahan walked. Marson doubled to deep right, Hannahan scored. Brantley sacrificed to third, Marson to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Marson scored. Choo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Sipp pitching for Indians. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko popped out to catcher. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Santana singled to center. Hafner grounded into fielder's choice to first, Santana out at second. Humber pitching for White Sox. Cabrera reached on bunt single to third, Hafner to second. Buck singled to right, Hafner to third, Cabrera to second. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Duncan hit for Hannahan. Duncan singled to left, Hafner and Cabrera scored, Buck to second. Marson walked, Buck to third, Duncan to second. Brantley hit sacrifice fly to left, Buck scored. Cabrera grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Everett at third base. Perez pitching for Indians. Quentin flied out to center. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. Ramirez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 1 - Indians 7.	Indians turn triple play, rip White Sox