Orioles - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Roberts flied out to center. Markakis grounded out to second. Lee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Britton pitching for Orioles. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to third. Choo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Guerrero flied out to left. Scott grounded out to pitcher. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Britton pitching for Orioles. Duncan popped out to first. Hafner struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Reynolds grounded out to first. Wieters grounded out to pitcher. Izturis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Britton pitching for Orioles. LaPorta tripled to left. Marson singled to right, LaPorta scored. Everett singled to center, Marson to second. Brantley reached on bunt single to pitcher, Marson to third, Everett to second. Cabrera singled to center, Marson and Everett scored, Brantley to second. Choo singled to left center, Brantley to third, Cabrera to second. Duncan struck out swinging. Hafner hit sacrifice fly to right, Brantley scored, Cabrera out at second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Roberts singled to left. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Roberts out at second. Lee reached on infield single to shortstop, Markakis to second. Guerrero struck out swinging. Scott singled to center, Markakis scored, Lee to second, Lee to third advancing on throw. Jones grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. LaPorta walked. Marson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, LaPorta out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Reynolds flied out to right. Wieters grounded out to second. Izturis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Everett struck out swinging. Brantley singled to left center. Brantley caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Roberts singled to right center. Markakis fouled out to third. Lee walked, Roberts to second. Guerrero flied out to left. Scott struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Choo grounded out to first. Duncan flied out to left. Hafner homered to right center. Cabrera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Kearns in left field. Masterson pitching for Indians. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Wieters flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Rupe pitching for Orioles. LaPorta singled to left. Marson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LaPorta out at second. Everett singled to left, Marson to second. Brantley walked, Marson to third, Everett to second. Cabrera singled to right, Marson and Everett scored, Brantley to third. Choo doubled to deep left, Brantley scored, Cabrera to third. Accardo pitching for Orioles. Kearns struck out swinging. Hafner intentionally walked. Cabrera grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Perez pitching for Indians. Izturis singled to right. Roberts flied out to right. Markakis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Andino at second base. Fox catching. Uehara pitching for Orioles. LaPorta flied out to center. Marson flied out to center. Everett fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Smith pitching for Indians. Lee singled to center. Guerrero flied out to left. Scott flied out to left. Lee to second on fielder's indifference. Jones singled to left, Lee to third. Jones to second on fielder's indifference. Reynolds reached on infield single to third, Lee scored, Jones to third. Fox hit by pitch, Reynolds to second. Izturis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 2 - Indians 8.	Indians dump Orioles