Indians - Top 1st. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Brantley singled to shallow left. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Brantley out at second. Choo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Escobar flied out to center. Patterson lined out to second. Bautista singled to center. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Duncan reached on infield single to third. Cabrera singled to center, Duncan to second. Santana flied out to center. LaPorta flied out to right, Duncan to third. Kearns struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Arencibia struck out swinging. Hill grounded out to third. Thames grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Hannahan flied out to left. Brantley walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Brantley out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Davis doubled to left. Nix homered to left (419 feet), Davis scored. Escobar singled to right. Patterson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. Bautista walked. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bautista out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Choo struck out looking. Duncan homered to left (431 feet). Cabrera lined out to left. Santana walked. LaPorta popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Arencibia singled to shallow left. Hill hit by pitch, Arencibia to second. Thames singled to left, Arencibia to third, Hill to second. Davis doubled to left, Arencibia and Hill scored, Thames to third. Nix struck out swinging. Escobar walked. Patterson safe at first on error by second baseman Cabrera, Thames and Davis scored, Escobar to second. Bautista doubled to right, Escobar and Patterson scored. Rivera grounded out to third, Bautista to third. Arencibia doubled to left, Bautista scored. Hill grounded out to third. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 5th. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Kearns walked. Hannahan singled to center, Kearns to second. Brantley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hannahan out at second, Kearns to third. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Durbin pitching for Indians. Thames singled to shallow center. Davis reached on infield single to second, Thames to second. Nix fouled out to first. Escobar singled to shallow right, Thames scored, Davis to third. Patterson hit sacrifice fly to left, Davis scored. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to second, Escobar out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Choo singled to right. Duncan flied out to right. Cabrera flied out to left. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to third, Choo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Durbin pitching for Indians. Rivera lined out to left. Arencibia flied out to right. Hill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. LaPorta fouled out to catcher. Kearns struck out swinging. Hannahan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Thames grounded out to second. Davis popped out to first. Nix doubled to center. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Brantley walked. Everett hit for Cabrera. Everett flied out to left. Choo grounded out to first, Brantley to second. Duncan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Everett at shortstop. Perez pitching for Indians. Patterson grounded out to pitcher. McCoy hit for Bautista. McCoy flied out to right. Rivera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. McCoy in right field. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera grounded out to third. Santana reached on infield single to third. LaPorta fouled out to catcher. Kearns singled to right, Santana to second. Hannahan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 1 - Blue Jays 11.	Reyes stops winless string as Jays roll