Indians - Top 1st. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Brantley hit ground rule double to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Choo struck out swinging. Buck lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Talbot pitching for Indians. Escobar walked. Patterson popped out to third. Bautista singled to right, Escobar to second. Rivera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bautista out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Santana hit ground rule double to left. Sizemore doubled to center, Santana scored. Cabrera struck out swinging. LaPorta struck out swinging. Hannahan struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Talbot pitching for Indians. Arencibia flied out to left. Hill grounded out to third. Thames hit by pitch. Davis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Brantley tripled to deep right center. Cabrera singled to center, Brantley scored. Choo singled to center, Cabrera to second. Cabrera to third, Choo to second on wild pitch by Morrow. Buck struck out swinging. Santana hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored, Choo to third. Sizemore struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Talbot pitching for Indians. Nix lined out to third. Escobar singled to center. Patterson struck out swinging. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to third, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera flied out to right. LaPorta struck out swinging. Hannahan walked. Hannahan stole second. Brantley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Talbot pitching for Indians. Rivera popped out to first. Arencibia singled to center. Hill singled to left, Arencibia to second. Thames grounded out to first, Arencibia to third, Hill to second. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera popped out to second. Choo fouled out to left. Buck walked. Santana doubled to right, Buck scored, Santana to third advancing on throw. Sizemore doubled to deep center, Santana scored. Cabrera singled to left, Sizemore scored. LaPorta fouled out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Talbot pitching for Indians. Nix struck out looking. Escobar walked. Patterson reached on bunt single to pitcher, Escobar to second. Bautista struck out swinging. Rivera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Hannahan doubled to left center. Brantley grounded out to first, Hannahan to third. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Choo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Talbot pitching for Indians. Arencibia grounded out to shortstop. Hill singled to center. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hill out at second. Davis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Buck grounded out to shortstop. Santana singled to center. Sizemore grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Talbot pitching for Indians. Nix popped out to first. Escobar walked. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Escobar out at second. Smith pitching for Indians. Patterson to second on wild pitch by Smith. Bautista reached on infield single to second, Patterson scored, Bautista to second on throwing error by second baseman Cabrera. Rivera singled to right, Bautista scored. Arencibia struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 8th. Dotel pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera flied out to center. LaPorta flied out to left. Hannahan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Pestano pitching for Indians. Hill struck out swinging. Thames struck out swinging. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Francisco pitching for Blue Jays. Brantley singled to center. Cabrera struck out looking. Choo flied out to left. Buck popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Sipp pitching for Indians. Nix struck out looking. Escobar homered to right center (390 feet). Encarnacion hit for Patterson. Encarnacion flied out to center. Perez pitching for Indians. Bautista singled to right. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bautista out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 6 - Blue Jays 3.	Sizemore snaps out of funk, Indians edge Jays