Indians - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Brantley struck out swinging. Kipnis struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Ellsbury flied out to center. Pedroia singled to left. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Youkilis reached on infield single to shortstop, Pedroia to second. Ortiz popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Hafner grounded out to shortstop. Santana fouled out to third. Fukudome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Crawford flied out to left. Saltalamacchia hit ground rule double to deep right. Reddick singled to center, Saltalamacchia to third. Scutaro singled to right, Saltalamacchia scored, Reddick to third. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Reddick out at home, Scutaro to second. Pedroia flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. LaPorta grounded out to shortstop. Chisenhall flied out to center. Carrera singled to right center, Carrera to second on throwing error by right fielder Reddick. Brantley doubled to deep right, Carrera scored. Kipnis popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Gonzalez singled to left center. Youkilis tripled to deep center, Gonzalez scored, Youkilis out stretching at home. Ortiz grounded out to first. Crawford homered to right (399 feet). Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera singled to right. Hafner flied out to center. Santana singled to right, Cabrera to third. Fukudome grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera scored, Santana out at second. Fukudome caught stealing second, catcher to second. LaPorta batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Reddick grounded out to first. Aviles hit for Scutaro. Aviles struck out looking. Ellsbury popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Aviles at shortstop. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. LaPorta grounded out to shortstop. Chisenhall popped out to second. Carrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Pedroia flied out to center. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Youkilis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Brantley grounded out to first. Kipnis doubled to deep right. Cabrera homered to right (387 feet), Kipnis scored. Hafner homered to right center (389 feet). Santana struck out swinging. Fukudome struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. Crawford doubled to center. Saltalamacchia homered to right (373 feet), Crawford scored. Reddick flied out to left. Aviles grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. LaPorta flied out to left. Chisenhall flied out to left. Carrera singled to center. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Brantley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher. Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Pedroia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Kipnis singled to center. Cabrera homered to right (320 feet), Kipnis scored. Hafner grounded out to second. Santana walked. Williams pitching for Red Sox. Fukudome singled to left, Santana to second. LaPorta doubled to left center, Santana scored, Fukudome to third. Chisenhall grounded out to shortstop. Carrera grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Pestano pitching for Indians. Hannahan at third base. Youkilis struck out swinging. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Albers pitching for Red Sox. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. Kipnis homered to right center (386 feet). Cabrera flied out to right. Hafner struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Reddick struck out swinging. Aviles singled to right. Aviles to second on fielder's indifference. Ellsbury hit ground rule double to left, Aviles scored. Pedroia grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 9 - Red Sox 6.	Cabrera smacks two homers to power Indians