Twins - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Span lined out to third. Casilla grounded out to first. Mauer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Pavano pitching for Twins. Choo lined out to left. Kipnis singled to right center. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kipnis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Morneau grounded out to second. Kubel grounded out to second. Thome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Pavano pitching for Twins. Hafner grounded out to shortstop. Santana struck out swinging. Fukudome flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Valencia singled to center. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to second, Valencia out at second. Revere stole second, Revere safe at third on throwing error by catcher Santana. Nishioka singled to left, Revere scored. Span flied out to left. Nishioka caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Casilla batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Pavano pitching for Twins. LaPorta struck out swinging. Chisenhall flied out to center. Carrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Choo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Casilla reached on infield single to second. Casilla caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Mauer grounded out to second. Morneau grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Kipnis grounded out to first. Cabrera singled to right. Hafner grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Kubel flied out to center. Thome grounded out to second. Valencia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Santana singled to right. Fukudome grounded out to third, Santana to second. LaPorta grounded out to third. Chisenhall flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Revere grounded out to second. Nishioka grounded out to pitcher. Span struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Carrera reached on bunt single to third. Choo reached on infield single to second, Carrera to second. Kipnis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Carrera out at third, Choo to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kipnis out at second, Choo to third. Hafner safe at first on error by shortstop Nishioka, Choo scored, Cabrera to second. Santana grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 7th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Casilla bunt grounded out to third. Mauer flied out to left. Morneau flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Tolbert at second base. Pavano pitching for Twins. Fukudome singled to right center. LaPorta struck out swinging. Chisenhall singled to right, Fukudome to second. Carrera reached on infield single to second, Fukudome to third, Chisenhall to second. Choo struck out swinging. Kipnis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Kubel struck out looking. Thome walked. Young ran for Thome. Valencia singled to left center, Young to third. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to second, Young out at home, Valencia to second. Nishioka singled to right, Valencia scored, Revere to third. Perez pitching for Indians. Span grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Cabrera flied out to center. Hafner singled to left. Brantley ran for Hafner. Perkins pitching for Twins. Santana doubled to deep center, Brantley scored. Fukudome grounded out to second, Santana to third. LaPorta doubled to shallow left, Santana scored. Duncan hit for Chisenhall. Duncan intentionally walked. Carrera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Hannahan at third base. Perez pitching for Indians. Tolbert flied out to left. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. Morneau fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 2 - Indians 3.	Indians rally by Twins late