Indians - Top 1st. Fister pitching for Tigers. Brantley struck out swinging. Choo singled to right. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. Hafner hit by pitch, Choo to second. Santana lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Huff pitching for Indians. Jackson walked. Ordonez singled to left, Jackson to second. Young flied out to center. Cabrera singled to center, Jackson scored, Ordonez to third. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to right, Ordonez scored. Avila walked, Cabrera to second. Peralta flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Fukudome grounded out to shortstop. LaPorta struck out swinging. Chisenhall safe at first on error by pitcher Fister. Valbuena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Huff pitching for Indians. Inge homered to left (392 feet). Santiago doubled to deep left center. Jackson flied out to center, Santiago to third. Ordonez hit sacrifice fly to right, Santiago scored. Young popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Brantley grounded out to second. Choo homered to left center (406 feet). Cabrera grounded out to first. Hafner walked. Santana singled to right, Hafner to second. Fukudome struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Huff pitching for Indians. Cabrera walked. Martinez flied out to center. Avila walked, Cabrera to second. Durbin pitching for Indians. Peralta struck out swinging. Inge hit ground rule double to deep center, Cabrera scored, Avila to third. Santiago flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Fister pitching for Tigers. LaPorta singled to right. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Valbuena reached on infield single to shortstop, LaPorta to second. Brantley struck out looking. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Valbuena out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Durbin pitching for Indians. Jackson grounded out to second. Ordonez flied out to right. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Cabrera flied out to center. Hafner grounded out to second. Santana flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Durbin pitching for Indians. Cabrera struck out swinging. Martinez singled to left center. Avila doubled to deep left center, Martinez to third. Peralta intentionally walked. Inge safe at first on error by left fielder Brantley, Martinez scored, Avila to third, Peralta to second. Santiago hit sacrifice fly to center, Avila scored, Peralta to third. Jackson grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 6th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Fukudome lined out to second. LaPorta struck out swinging. Chisenhall popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Ordonez grounded out to second. Young grounded out to third. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Kelly in right field. Fister pitching for Tigers. Valbuena flied out to left. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. Choo singled to right. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Martinez singled to deep right. Avila walked, Martinez to second. Peralta singled to center, Martinez to third, Avila to second. Inge struck out swinging. Santiago singled to center, Martinez scored, Avila to third, Peralta to second. Jackson singled to left, Avila scored, Peralta to third, Santiago to second. Kelly singled to left, Peralta scored, Santiago to third, Jackson to second. Perez pitching for Indians. Young grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kelly out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Hafner struck out swinging. Santana singled to center. Fukudome grounded into fielder's choice to second, Santana out at second. LaPorta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fukudome out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Donald at shortstop. Perez pitching for Indians. Cabrera grounded out to third. Martinez flied out to right. Avila singled to center. Peralta grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Schlereth pitching for Tigers. Chisenhall grounded out to second. Valbuena popped out to second. Brantley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 1 - Tigers 10.	Inge homers in return as Tigers rout Indians  \n