Mariners - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Suzuki homered to right (406 feet). Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. Ackley flied out to center. Carp struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Brantley lined out to shortstop. Donald grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Wells hit by pitch. Kennedy singled to right, Wells to third. Olivo struck out swinging. Ryan struck out swinging, Kennedy stole second, Wells scored on throwing error by catcher Marson. Robinson walked. Suzuki struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Santana doubled to deep center. Fukudome struck out swinging. LaPorta fouled out to catcher. Hannahan safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ryan, Santana to third. Marson singled to center, Santana scored, Hannahan to third. Carrera singled to left, Hannahan scored, Marson to second. Brantley safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ryan, Marson to third, Carrera to second. Donald popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Ackley lined out to left. Carp hit by pitch. Wells reached on infield single to third, Carp to second. Kennedy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Cabrera fouled out to first. Santana struck out swinging. Fukudome flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Olivo popped out to third. Ryan struck out swinging. Robinson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. LaPorta flied out to right. Hannahan hit by pitch. Marson reached on infield single to third, Hannahan to second. Carrera singled to left, Hannahan to third, Marson to second. Brantley grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Hannahan out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Gutierrez lined out to left. Suzuki caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Ackley singled to right center. Carp grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Donald grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera singled to deep left. Santana grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Wells flied out to right. Kennedy flied out to right. Olivo doubled to deep left. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Fukudome flied out to left. LaPorta flied out to right. Hannahan flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Robinson grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki singled to left. Gutierrez grounded out to pitcher, Suzuki to second. Ackley lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Marson singled to center. Carrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Marson out at second. Brantley grounded into double play, first to third to first to third, Carrera out at third, Carrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Perez pitching for Indians. Carp flied out to center. Pestano pitching for Indians. Wells grounded out to second. Kennedy grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Ruffin pitching for Mariners. Donald flied out to left. Cabrera popped out to third. Santana flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Olivo hit by pitch. Ryan hit by pitch, Olivo to second. Robinson sacrificed to catcher, Olivo to third, Ryan to second, Robinson safe at first on error by pitcher Perez. Olivo to third on error by pitcher Perez. Suzuki struck out swinging. Gutierrez hit sacrifice fly to center, Olivo scored. Ryan stole third. Ackley walked, Robinson to second. Carp struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 9th. League pitching for Mariners. Fukudome flied out to center. LaPorta grounded out to second. Hannahan singled to left. Chisenhall hit for Marson. Chisenhall singled to center, Hannahan to third. Chisenhall stole second. Carrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Indians 2.	Mariners edge Indians on sac fly from Gutierrez