Royals - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Gordon singled to center. Cabrera walked, Gordon to second. Butler singled to center, Gordon to third, Cabrera to second. Hosmer flied out to left. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gordon scored, Butler out at second, Cabrera to third. Cabrera caught stealing home, pitcher to shortstop to catcher. Moustakas batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Chen pitching for Royals. Carrera singled to shallow center. Donald singled to shallow right, Carrera to second. Cabrera singled to shallow left, Carrera to third, Donald to second. Santana walked, Carrera scored, Donald to third, Cabrera to second. Duncan fouled out to first. Fukudome grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Donald out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Moustakas grounded out to pitcher. Giavotella walked. Pena singled to left center, Giavotella to second. Escobar flied out to right. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Chen pitching for Royals. LaPorta popped out to shortstop. Hannahan struck out swinging. Head reached on infield single to second. Carrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Cabrera grounded out to first. Butler singled to center. Hosmer singled to left, Butler to second. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hosmer out at second, Butler to third. Moustakas singled to right, Butler scored, Francoeur to second. Giavotella flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Chen pitching for Royals. Donald grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera struck out swinging. Santana singled to left. Duncan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Pena flied out to center. Escobar reached on infield single to third. Gordon singled to right, Escobar to second. Cabrera singled to right, Escobar to third, Gordon to second. Butler grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Escobar out at home. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Chen pitching for Royals. Fukudome flied out to left. LaPorta flied out to left. Hannahan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Hosmer struck out looking. Francoeur struck out looking. Moustakas grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Chen pitching for Royals. Head fouled out to first. Carrera walked. Carrera caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Donald grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Giavotella lined out to right. Pena lined out to left. Escobar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Chen pitching for Royals. Cabrera flied out to left. Santana flied out to left. Duncan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Gordon grounded out to second. Cabrera flied out to right. Butler singled to center. Hosmer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Chen pitching for Royals. Fukudome grounded out to first. LaPorta grounded out to shortstop. Hannahan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Indians. Francoeur grounded out to third. Moustakas grounded out to second. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Getz at second base. Chen pitching for Royals. Head safe at first on error by right fielder Francoeur. Carrera bunted into fielder's choice to first, Head out at second. Holland pitching for Royals. Thome hit for Donald. Thome struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 9th. Phelps at second base. Pestano pitching for Indians. Pena fouled out to third. Escobar singled to left center. Gordon singled to left, Escobar to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gordon out at second, Escobar to third. Butler fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Santana grounded out to first. Chisenhall hit for Duncan. Chisenhall fouled out to third. Fukudome grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 2 - Indians 1.	Chen wins 5th straight as Royals nip Indians