Indians - Top 1st. Stewart pitching for White Sox. Fukudome flied out to left. Donald lined out to right. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Pierre grounded out to second. Ramirez flied out to left. Konerko fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Stewart pitching for White Sox. Hafner struck out swinging. Duncan struck out swinging. Chisenhall singled to right. Valbuena singled to right, Chisenhall to third. Crowe singled to left, Chisenhall scored, Valbuena to second. Marson doubled to deep right center, Valbuena and Crowe scored. Fukudome fouled out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Viciedo grounded out to pitcher. Rios grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Stewart pitching for White Sox. Donald popped out to shortstop. Santana lined out to center. Hafner walked. Duncan singled to right center, Hafner to second. Chisenhall flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Indians. De Aza singled to right. De Aza stole second. Morel walked, De Aza stole third. Morel batting. Beckham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, De Aza scored, Morel out at second. Pierre singled to center, Beckham to third. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beckham scored, Pierre out at second. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Stewart pitching for White Sox. Valbuena singled to left. Crowe grounded out to second, Valbuena to second. Marson struck out swinging. Fukudome intentionally walked. Donald grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fukudome out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Viciedo walked. Rios walked, Viciedo to second. De Aza flied out to right. Morel walked, Viciedo to third, Rios to second. Beckham grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Stewart pitching for White Sox. Santana struck out looking. Hafner singled to left. Duncan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hafner out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Pierre bunt grounded out to first. Ramirez grounded out to third. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Chisenhall grounded out to second. Valbuena homered to right center (417 feet). Crowe singled to center. Frasor pitching for White Sox. Crowe stole second. Marson grounded out to shortstop. Fukudome intentionally walked. Donald singled to right, Crowe thrown out at home, Fukudome to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Pierzynski popped out to shortstop. Viciedo singled to center. Rios flied out to left. De Aza walked, Viciedo to second. Morel grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Frasor pitching for White Sox. Santana struck out swinging. Hafner flied out to left. Duncan popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Carrera in center field. Crowe in left field. Smith pitching for Indians. Beckham grounded out to pitcher. Pierre flied out to left. Ramirez singled to right. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Chisenhall singled to center. Valbuena flied out to left. Crowe singled to right, Chisenhall to second. Marson walked, Chisenhall to third, Crowe to second. Fukudome flied out to center. Donald reached on infield single to pitcher, Chisenhall scored, Crowe to third, Marson to second. Santana doubled to deep right, Crowe and Marson scored, Donald to third. Hafner grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Judy pitching for Indians. Pierzynski flied out to center. Viciedo flied out to center. Rios popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Reed pitching for White Sox. Carrera struck out looking. Chisenhall flied out to center. Valbuena flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Durbin pitching for Indians. De Aza hit ground rule double to deep center. Morel flied out to center, De Aza to third. Beckham fouled out to first. Pierre singled to center, De Aza scored. Ramirez singled to center, Pierre to third. Konerko grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 7 - White Sox 3.	Ubaldo, Indians top White Sox \n\n