Indians - Top 1st. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Donald struck out swinging. Kipnis flied out to center. Choo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Kinsler fouled out to third. Andrus grounded out to pitcher. Hamilton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Santana walked. Hafner singled to right, Santana to second. Sizemore grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hafner out at second, Santana to third. Duncan walked, Sizemore to second. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Marson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Carrera in right field. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Young walked. Beltre walked, Young to second. Murphy grounded out to second, Young to third, Beltre to second. Napoli lined out to shortstop. Moreland flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Donald lined out to pitcher. Kipnis grounded out to second. Carrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Chavez singled to right. Kinsler struck out swinging, Chavez stole second, Chavez to third on throwing error by catcher Marson. Andrus singled to left, Chavez scored. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Andrus out at second. Young grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 4th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Hafner flied out to center. Sizemore grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Beltre struck out swinging. Murphy singled to right. Napoli singled to center, Murphy to second. Moreland grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Napoli out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Duncan grounded out to shortstop. Chisenhall grounded out to first. Marson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Chavez reached on infield single to first. Chavez stole second. Kinsler walked. Andrus sacrificed to third, Chavez to third, Kinsler to second. Hamilton intentionally walked. Young doubled to deep left, Chavez, Kinsler and Hamilton scored. Beltre homered to right center (443 feet), Young scored. Murphy walked. Napoli struck out swinging. Murphy to second on wild pitch by Carmona. Moreland flied out to left. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Donald struck out swinging. Kipnis singled to right center. Carrera grounded into double play, second to first, Kipnis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler flied out to left. Andrus grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Oliver pitching for Rangers. Santana doubled to deep left. Hafner flied out to center. Sizemore singled to left, Santana to third. Duncan singled to center, Santana scored, Sizemore to second. Chisenhall popped out to shortstop. Marson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Hamilton homered to right center (417 feet). Young lined out to right. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Adams pitching for Rangers. Donald doubled to deep right. Kipnis grounded out to second, Donald to third. Carrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Donald scored. Santana walked, Carrera to second. Hafner grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Santana out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Putnam pitching for Indians. Napoli singled to right. Moreland struck out looking. Chavez lined out to shortstop. Kinsler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Sizemore singled to right. Duncan doubled to deep left, Sizemore to third. Chisenhall flied out to left. Marson doubled to right, Sizemore and Duncan scored. Donald struck out swinging. Kipnis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 4 - Rangers 7.	Ogando, 3-4-5 hitters lift Rangers