Phillies - Top 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Victorino safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Victorino safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Bumgarner . Rollins grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Polanco out at second , Victorino to third . Pence popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Pagan singled to center . Cabrera tripled to deep right , Pagan scored . Sandoval grounded out to second , Cabrera scored . Posey singled to center . Huff struck out looking . Schierholtz singled to center , Posey to second . Crawford grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Wigginton walked . Mayberry Jr. popped out to second . Ruiz reached on infield single to shortstop , Wigginton to second . Galvis lined into double play , shortstop to second , Wigginton doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Burriss grounded out to second . Bumgarner grounded out to shortstop . Pagan tripled to deep left . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Blanton grounded out to pitcher . Victorino doubled to deep left . Polanco struck out swinging , Victorino stole third . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Sandoval grounded out to second . Posey grounded out to third . Huff singled to center . Schierholtz singled to deep right , Huff to third . Crawford grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Pence homered to left ( 400 feet ) . Wigginton flied out to center . Mayberry Jr. grounded out to third . Ruiz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Burriss reached on infield single to shortstop . Bumgarner sacrificed to pitcher , Burriss to second . Pagan popped out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Galvis singled to right . Blanton sacrificed to pitcher , Galvis to second . Victorino popped out to shortstop . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Sandoval doubled to deep center . Posey singled to center , Sandoval to third . Huff popped out to shortstop . Schierholtz singled to right , Sandoval scored , Posey to second . Posey stole third . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Posey scored , Schierholtz out at second . Crawford caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Burriss batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Rollins singled to shallow center . Rollins to second on wild pitch by Bumgarner . Pence hit by pitch . Wigginton singled to left , Rollins to third , Pence to second . Mayberry Jr. popped out to first . Ruiz hit sacrifice fly to left , Rollins scored . Galvis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wigginton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Pierre in left field . Burriss struck out swinging . Bumgarner grounded out to shortstop . Pagan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Pierre singled to center . Hensley pitching for Giants . Victorino struck out looking . Polanco flied out to center . Pierre stole second . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Cabrera flied out to left . Sandoval singled to deep right . Posey singled to left , Sandoval to second . Huff popped out to shortstop . Schierholtz walked , Sandoval to third , Posey to second . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Romo pitching for Giants . Belt at first base . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop . Thome hit for Kendrick . Thome lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Stutes pitching for Phillies . Burriss walked . Belt flied out to left . Burriss stole second . Pagan flied out to left . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Ruiz grounded out to third . Galvis grounded out to first . Pierre singled to left center . Victorino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 2 - Giants 4 .	Bumgarner , Giants power past Phillies