Dodgers - Top 1st . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Gordon struck out swinging . Herrera grounded out to third . Rivera singled to left . Hairston Jr. flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Harang pitching for Dodgers . Rollins singled to center . Pierre bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Rollins out at second . Pierre stole second . Pence grounded out to first , Pierre to third . Wigginton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Loney grounded out to pitcher . Castellanos flied out to center . Gwynn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Harang pitching for Dodgers . Victorino reached on infield single to second . Fontenot singled to center , Victorino to third . Mayberry Jr. struck out swinging . Schneider struck out swinging . Fontenot caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Treanor lined out to second . Harang struck out swinging . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Harang pitching for Dodgers . Hamels singled to center . Rollins singled to right , Hamels to third , Rollins to second on throwing error by right fielder Castellanos . Pierre grounded out to pitcher . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hamels scored , Rollins to third . Wigginton hit sacrifice fly to center , Rollins scored . Victorino walked , Pence to second . Fontenot singled to left center , Pence scored , Victorino to third . Mayberry Jr. flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Herrera safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton . Rivera safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton , Herrera to third . Hairston Jr. hit sacrifice fly to left , Herrera scored . Loney singled to center , Rivera to second . Castellanos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Loney out at second , Rivera to third . Gwynn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Harang pitching for Dodgers . Schneider flied out to right . Hamels grounded out to first . Rollins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Treanor flied out to right . Harang struck out looking . Gordon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Harang pitching for Dodgers . Pierre flied out to left . Pence singled to center . Wigginton singled to center , Pence to second . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wigginton out at second , Pence to third . Fontenot fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Herrera walked . Rivera singled to left , Herrera to second . Hairston Jr. popped out to shortstop . Loney singled to center , Herrera scored , Rivera to third . Castellanos struck out swinging . Gwynn singled to left center , Rivera scored , Loney to second . Treanor singled to left , Loney scored , Gwynn to third . Gwynn caught stealing home , catcher to third . Harang batting . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Harang pitching for Dodgers . Mayberry Jr. flied out to center . Schneider flied out to center . Thome hit for Hamels . Thome flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Savery pitching for Phillies . De Jesus hit for Harang . De Jesus grounded out to second . Gordon grounded out to second . Herrera walked . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Herrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Rollins grounded out to second . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Pence singled to center . Wigginton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pence out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Savery pitching for Phillies . Hairston Jr. singled to right . Loney lined out to pitcher , Hairston Jr. to second . Castellanos flied out to center , Hairston Jr. to third . Gwynn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Ethier in right field . Castellanos in left field . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Victorino flied out to left . Fontenot singled to right . Mayberry Jr. struck out swinging . Ruiz hit for Schneider . Ruiz lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Ruiz catching . Qualls pitching for Phillies . Treanor reached on infield single to shortstop . Abreu hit for Wright . Abreu singled to left , Treanor to second . Gordon singled to left , Treanor to third , Abreu to second . Herrera grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Treanor scored , Abreu to third , Gordon safe at second on error by second baseman Fontenot . Ethier doubled to right , Abreu and Gordon scored , Herrera thrown out at home , Ethier to third advancing on throw . Hairston Jr. singled to left , Ethier scored . Valdes pitching for Phillies . Loney struck out swinging . Castellanos flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Tolleson pitching for Dodgers . Luna hit for Valdes . Luna walked . Rollins walked , Luna to second . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rollins out at second , Luna to third . Pence grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pierre out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 8 - Phillies 3 .	Dodgers sweep reeling Phillies