Cubs - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Patterson singled to center. Patterson to second on wild pitch by Vazquez. Walker lined out to center, Patterson to third. Garciaparra grounded out to third, Patterson scored. Ramirez singled to center. Burnitz singled to right center, Ramirez to third. Lee singled to center, Ramirez scored, Burnitz to second. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Counsell lined out to right. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Barrett fouled out to first. Zambrano doubled to right. Patterson singled to right center, Zambrano scored. Walker singled to right, Patterson to second. Garciaparra singled to center, Patterson scored, Walker to second. Ramirez doubled to center, Walker and Garciaparra scored. Burnitz struck out looking. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Lee doubled to left, Ramirez scored. Hollandsworth grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Glaus struck out swinging. Green struck out swinging. Cruz homered to left center. Tracy singled to center. Hill struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Barrett grounded out to shortstop. Zambrano struck out swinging. McCracken hit for Bruney. Patterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. McCracken singled to left. Counsell walked, McCracken to second. Clayton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Counsell out at second, McCracken to third. Gonzalez reached on bunt single to pitcher, McCracken scored. Gosling pitching for Cubs. Glaus grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker singled to center. Garciaparra singled to right, Walker to third. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Walker scored, Garciaparra out at second. Burnitz singled to left. Lee struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Green walked. Cruz struck out swinging. Tracy singled to right, Green to second. Clark hit for Gosling. Hill fouled out to third. Aquino pitching for Cubs. Clark struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Hollandsworth singled to center. Barrett lined out to left. Zambrano grounded out to shortstop, Hollandsworth to second. Patterson walked. Walker singled to right, Hollandsworth scored, Patterson to third. Garciaparra struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Counsell singled to right. Clayton struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Glaus doubled to left, Counsell to third. Green walked. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Chicago Cubs's Zambrano ejected by Scott in the 5th. Tracy flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez walked. Burnitz singled to center, Ramirez to second. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Lee homered to center, Ramirez and Burnitz scored. Hollandsworth grounded out to third. Barrett lined out to second. Rusch flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Hill flied out to center. Halsey struck out looking. Counsell walked. Clayton singled to left, Counsell to third. Gonzalez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Hairston Jr hit for Walker. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Patterson flied out to center. Hairston Jr flied out to right. Garciaparra safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Halsey. Ramirez homered to right, Garciaparra scored. Hairston Jr at second base. Perez at shortstop. Dubois in left field. Burnitz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Glaus walked. Green singled to right center, Glaus to second. Cruz walked, Glaus to third, Green to second. Tracy hit sacrifice fly to center, Glaus scored, Green to third. Hill hit sacrifice fly to center, Green scored. Cintron at third base. Terrero in left field. Halsey grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Lee doubled to left. Dubois singled to left, Lee to third. Macias hit for Rusch. Barrett singled to left, Lee scored, Dubois to second. Macias grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Barrett out at second, Dubois to third. Patterson singled to right, Dubois scored. Bartosh pitching for Diamondbacks. Macias at third base. Hairston Jr grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Bartosh pitching for Cubs. Counsell grounded out to third. Clayton struck out swinging. Cintron flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez fouled out to first. Bartosh singled to right. Burnitz struck out looking. Wellemeyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Lee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cubs. Terrero grounded out to first. Green singled to center. Cruz flied out to center. Tracy singled to center, Green to second. Kata hit for Halsey. Hill singled to right, Green scored, Tracy to second. Kata struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 16 - Diamondbacks 6.	Cubs club Vazquez, Diamondbacks 16-6