Brewers - Top 1st. Maddux pitching for Cubs. Clark lined out to pitcher. Spivey homered to left. Overbay grounded out to second. Lee struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Santos pitching for Brewers. Patterson grounded out to pitcher. Walker walked. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop, Walker to second. Ramirez doubled to deep center, Walker scored. Burnitz popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Maddux pitching for Cubs. Jenkins singled to right. Miller singled to left, Jenkins to second. Branyan grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jenkins to third, Miller safe at second on error by pitcher Maddux. Hall grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Jenkins scored, Branyan out at second, Miller to third. Santos grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Santos pitching for Brewers. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Hollandsworth walked. Barrett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hollandsworth out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Maddux pitching for Cubs. Clark flied out to right. Spivey singled to right. Spivey caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Overbay homered to right. Lee flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Santos pitching for Brewers. Maddux flied out to right. Patterson struck out swinging. Walker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Maddux pitching for Cubs. Jenkins walked. Miller grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jenkins out at second. Branyan singled to right. Hall reached on infield single to shortstop, Branyan to second. Santos grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Santos pitching for Brewers. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Ramirez doubled to right. Burnitz singled to right, Ramirez scored. Lee walked, Burnitz to second. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. Barrett flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Maddux pitching for Cubs. Clark singled to center. Spivey singled to left, Clark to second. Overbay grounded into fielder's choice to first, Spivey out at second, Clark to third. Lee hit sacrifice fly to center, Clark scored. Hairston Jr hit for Maddux. Jenkins grounded into fielder's choice to second, Overbay out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Santos pitching for Brewers. Hairston Jr lined out to third. Patterson walked. Walker flied out to center. Garciaparra hit by pitch, Patterson to second. Patterson to third, Garciaparra to second on passed ball by Miller. Wellemeyer pitching for Cubs. Ramirez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cubs. Miller homered to left center. Branyan singled to right. Helms hit for Santos. Hall flied out to right. Phelps pitching for Brewers. Helms grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Branyan out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Phelps pitching for Brewers. Burnitz doubled to deep right center. Lee singled to left, Burnitz to third. Bottalico pitching for Brewers. Hollandsworth singled to left center, Burnitz scored, Lee to second. Perez hit for Wellemeyer. Barrett hit by pitch, Lee to third, Hollandsworth to second. Perez grounded out to second, Lee scored, Hollandsworth to third, Barrett to second. Patterson reached on infield single to second, Hollandsworth scored, Barrett to third. Wuertz pitching for Cubs. Walker grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Patterson out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Wuertz pitching for Cubs. Clark reached on infield single to third. Spivey popped out to shortstop. Clark caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Overbay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Bottalico pitching for Brewers. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Burnitz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Remlinger pitching for Cubs. Lee struck out swinging. Jenkins popped out to shortstop. Miller singled to left. Wise pitching for Brewers. Branyan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Wise pitching for Brewers. Lee grounded out to third. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. Barrett grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Cirillo hit for Wise. Remlinger pitching for Cubs. Hall struck out looking. Cirillo grounded out to shortstop. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Dubois hit for Remlinger. Clark grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Dubois struck out looking. Patterson struck out swinging. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 10th. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Spivey safe at first on error by pitcher Rusch. Overbay fouled out to third. Lee singled to left, Spivey to second. Jenkins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lee out at second, Spivey to third. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 10th. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Ramirez doubled to deep left. Burnitz struck out looking. Lee intentionally walked. Hollandsworth walked, Ramirez to third, Lee to second. Macias at second base. Barrett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 11th. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Branyan struck out swinging. Magruder hit for De La Rosa. Hall walked. Magruder singled to right, Hall to third. Clark popped out to first. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Spivey struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 11th. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Rusch grounded out to second. Patterson reached on infield single to shortstop. Macias grounded out to third, Patterson to second. Garciaparra grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 12th. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Overbay doubled to deep right. Lee intentionally walked. Jenkins struck out swinging. Miller flied out to right. Branyan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 12th. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Burnitz tripled to deep center. Lee intentionally walked. Hollandsworth singled to right, Burnitz scored, Lee to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 5 - Cubs 6.	Cubs come from behind to top Brewers in 12 innings