Cardinals - Top 1st. Prior pitching for Cubs. Eckstein flied out to center. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Pujols walked. Edmonds singled to right, Pujols to third. Nunez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Lawton singled to center. Walker singled to left center, Lawton to second. Lee struck out swinging. Ramirez flied out to center. Burnitz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Prior pitching for Cubs. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Taguchi popped out to shortstop. Mahoney homered to left. Morris struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Garciaparra doubled to deep center. Patterson homered to right, Garciaparra scored. Blanco flied out to right. Prior struck out looking. Lawton flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Prior pitching for Cubs. Eckstein singled to right. Rodriguez flied out to center. Pujols grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Eckstein out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Walker flied out to right. Lee flied out to right. Ramirez singled to left. Burnitz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Prior pitching for Cubs. Edmonds walked. Edmonds caught stealing second, catcher to second. Nunez struck out swinging. Grudzielanek singled to right. Taguchi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Garciaparra popped out to first. Patterson grounded out to first. Blanco singled to left center. Prior grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blanco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Prior pitching for Cubs. Mahoney flied out to right. Morris struck out swinging. Eckstein walked. Rodriguez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Lawton homered to left. Walker singled to center. Lee flied out to right. Ramirez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Walker out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Prior pitching for Cubs. Pujols flied out to right. Edmonds singled to right. Nunez walked, Edmonds to second. Grudzielanek reached on infield single to shortstop, Edmonds to third, Nunez to second. Taguchi singled to right, Edmonds scored, Nunez to third, Grudzielanek to second. Mahoney grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nunez scored, Grudzielanek out at third, Taguchi to second. Morris struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Burnitz reached on infield single to catcher. Garciaparra singled to center, Burnitz to second. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Garciaparra out at second, Burnitz to third. Patterson stole second. Macias hit for Prior. Blanco walked. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Macias singled to center, Burnitz and Patterson scored, Blanco to second. Wood pitching for Cubs. Lawton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Macias out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Eckstein struck out looking. Rodriguez grounded out to first. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Pujols lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Walker reached on infield single to second. Lee flied out to right. Walker to second on wild pitch by Reyes. Ramirez flied out to left. King pitching for Cardinals. Burnitz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Edmonds struck out swinging. Nunez walked. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Taguchi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. King pitching for Cardinals. Garciaparra singled to left. Garciaparra to second on wild pitch by King. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Patterson bunt popped out foul to catcher. Hollandsworth hit for Wood. Blanco flied out to center. Hollandsworth reached on infield single to second, Garciaparra to third. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Hollandsworth in left field. Schumaker hit for Mahoney. Lawton lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Mabry hit for Eldred. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Schumaker safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Garciaparra. Mabry struck out swinging. Eckstein singled to left, Schumaker to third. Rodriguez grounded out to first, Schumaker scored, Eckstein to second. Pujols grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Cubs 5.	Prior wins; Wood sharp in relief as Cubs rally