Cardinals - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Eckstein hit by pitch. Taguchi flied out to left. Pujols lined out to second. Mabry grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Perez flied out to right. Walker lined out to right. Lee grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Rodriguez homered to left. Nunez struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to second. Luna grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Garciaparra singled to right. Burnitz hit by pitch, Garciaparra to second. Murton struck out swinging. Patterson doubled to right, Garciaparra scored, Burnitz to third. Blanco singled to center, Burnitz and Patterson scored. Zambrano singled to right, Blanco to third. Perez hit sacrifice fly to right, Blanco scored. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zambrano out at second. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Carpenter flied out to right. Eckstein reached on infield single to second. Taguchi grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Eckstein out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Lee walked. Garciaparra grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lee out at second. Burnitz grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Garciaparra out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Pujols reached on infield single to third. Mabry grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pujols out at second. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Murton flied out to center. Patterson fouled out to catcher. Blanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Nunez doubled to left. Mahoney ran for Molina. Molina singled to shallow right, Nunez scored. Schumaker hit for Carpenter. Luna flied out to center. Schumaker doubled to left, Mahoney to third. Eckstein grounded out to second, Mahoney scored, Schumaker to third. Taguchi doubled to right, Schumaker scored. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Mabry at third base. Nunez at shortstop. Mahoney catching. Schumaker in right field. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Zambrano doubled to deep center. Perez safe at first on error by third baseman Mabry, Zambrano to third. Walker grounded out to first, Perez to second. Lee intentionally walked. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Burnitz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Mabry grounded out to first. Rodriguez walked. Nunez grounded out to pitcher, Rodriguez to second. Mahoney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Murton homered to left center. Patterson walked. Patterson stole second. Blanco struck out swinging. Zambrano struck out swinging. Perez flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Luna grounded out to third. Duncan hit for Reyes. Schumaker singled to shallow left. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Duncan grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Schumaker out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Walker homered to right. Lee doubled to left. King pitching for Cardinals. Garciaparra flied out to right, Lee to third. Burnitz hit sacrifice fly to right, Lee scored. Murton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Taguchi grounded out to third. Seabol ran for Pujols. Pujols singled to right. Mabry flied out to center. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Seabol at third base. Mabry at first base. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Patterson doubled to deep right. Blanco sacrificed to pitcher, Patterson to third. Zambrano grounded out to third. Perez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Gall hit for Mahoney. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Nunez grounded out to first. Gall singled to right. Luna singled to shallow right, Gall to second. Diaz hit for Flores. Schumaker grounded into fielder's choice to second, Luna out at second, Gall to third. Diaz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Cubs 7.	Zambrano outshines Carpenter as Cubs club Cardinals