Yankees - Top 1st. Fedde pitching for Nationals. LeMahieu safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Kendrick. Judge struck out swinging. Torres grounded into fielder's choice to second, LeMahieu safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Castro. Stanton grounded into double play, third to second to first, Torres out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Paxton pitching for Yankees. Turner struck out swinging. Eaton flied out to left. Castro tripled to deep right. Kendrick lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Fedde pitching for Nationals. Hicks struck out swinging. Voit struck out looking. Sánchez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Paxton pitching for Yankees. Cabrera singled to right. Suzuki singled to center, Cabrera to second. Kieboom singled to right, Suzuki to second, Cabrera to third. Robles doubled to left, Cabrera scored and Suzuki scored, Kieboom to third. Taylor walked. King pitching for Yankees. Turner grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kieboom scored, Taylor out at second, Robles to third. Eaton flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Fedde pitching for Nationals. Urshela safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Turner. Gardner flied out to right, Urshela to third. LeMahieu singled to deep center, Urshela scored. Judge grounded into fielder's choice to third, LeMahieu out at second. Torres grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. King pitching for Yankees. Castro fouled out to first. Kendrick grounded out to third. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Fedde pitching for Nationals. Stanton homered to left (483 feet). Hicks singled to right. Voit grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hicks out at second. Sánchez popped out to second. Urshela doubled to left, Voit to third. Gardner walked. LeMahieu grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. King pitching for Yankees. Suzuki singled to left. Kieboom struck out swinging. Robles homered to left (366 feet), Suzuki scored. Taylor flied out to right. Turner popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Rainey pitching for Nationals. Judge flied out to left. Torres flied out to center. Stanton walked. Hicks grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. King pitching for Yankees. Eaton reached on infield single to first. Castro struck out swinging. Eaton to third on pickoff error by pitcher King. Kendrick hit ground rule double to deep center, Eaton scored. Holder pitching for Yankees. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Kendrick scored. Suzuki struck out swinging. Kieboom flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Harper pitching for Nationals. Voit struck out swinging. Sánchez struck out swinging. Urshela grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Estrada at second base. Holder pitching for Yankees. Robles singled to shallow left. Taylor popped out to shortstop. Turner fouled out to catcher. Eaton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Torres, Robles to second. Hale pitching for Yankees. Castro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Harper pitching for Nationals. Gardner flied out to right. Estrada singled to shallow center. Estrada to second on wild pitch by Harper. Judge struck out swinging. Torres struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Heller pitching for Yankees. Kendrick grounded out to third. Cabrera homered to right (387 feet). Suzuki popped out to shortstop. Kieboom grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Bourque pitching for Nationals. Stanton doubled to deep left center. Hicks flied out to center. Voit lined out to center. Sánchez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Avilán pitching for Yankees. Robles struck out swinging. Taylor homered to left (426 feet). Turner lined out to third. Eaton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Finnegan pitching for Nationals. Urshela flied out to right. Gardner safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Finnegan. Ford hit for Estrada. Ford singled to center, Gardner to second. Judge grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ford out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 2 - Nationals 9.	Minus Strasburg, Nats top Yanks 9-2 on Robles' 3 hits, 4 RBI