Red Sox - Top 1st. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Pillar struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to second. Devers grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Weber pitching for Red Sox. LeMahieu grounded out to third. Judge grounded out to shortstop. Torres singled to left. Stanton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Torres out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Bogaerts popped out to second. Vázquez popped out to shortstop. Verdugo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Weber pitching for Red Sox. Hicks walked. Voit flied out to right. Urshela lined out to center. Gardner walked, Hicks to second. Higashioka grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Chavis homered to left (410 feet). Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. Peraza singled to shallow center. Pillar singled to center, Peraza to second. Martinez lined into double play, right to first, Pillar doubled off first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Weber pitching for Red Sox. LeMahieu reached on infield single to catcher. Judge homered to right center (376 feet), LeMahieu scored. Torres grounded out to third. Stanton flied out to left. Hicks walked. Voit grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Devers hit by pitch. Bogaerts singled to left, Devers to second. Vázquez struck out looking. Verdugo grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bogaerts safe at second on fielding error by pitcher Montgomery, Devers to third. Chavis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Verdugo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Weber pitching for Red Sox. Urshela homered to right (363 feet). Gardner walked. Higashioka grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gardner out at second. Valdéz pitching for Red Sox. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Higashioka out at second. Judge struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Bradley Jr. grounded out to second. Peraza struck out swinging. Pillar lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Valdez pitching for Red Sox. Torres reached on infield single to shortstop. Stanton grounded out to second, Torres to second. Hicks grounded out to first, Torres to third. Voit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Martinez walked. Devers grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. Bogaerts singled to center. Green pitching for Yankees. Vázquez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bogaerts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Valdez pitching for Red Sox. Urshela singled to right center. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Urshela out at second. Higashioka flied out to left. LeMahieu singled to right, Gardner to second. Judge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Green pitching for Yankees. Verdugo struck out looking. Chavis lined out to center. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Brice pitching for Red Sox. Torres grounded out to shortstop. Stanton hit by pitch. Hicks struck out swinging, Stanton caught stealing second, catcher to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Green pitching for Yankees. Peraza struck out looking. Pillar struck out looking. Ottavino pitching for Yankees. Martinez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Brewer pitching for Red Sox. Voit walked. Wade ran for Voit. Urshela grounded out to shortstop, Wade to second. Wade to third on passed ball by Vázquez. Gardner homered to right (401 feet), Wade scored. Higashioka lined out to shortstop. LeMahieu singled to left. Judge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LeMahieu out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. LeMahieu at first base. Wade at second base. Holder pitching for Yankees. Devers struck out swinging. Bogaerts walked. Vázquez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bogaerts out at second. Vázquez to second on fielder's indifference. Verdugo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 1 - Yankees 5.	Judge homers, Montgomery sharp, Yanks top Sox in home opener