Marlins - Top 1st. Happ pitching for Yankees. Berti lined out to right. Marte struck out swinging. Aguilar walked. Anderson walked, Aguilar to second. Cooper homered to right (363 feet), Aguilar scored and Anderson scored. Brinson grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Judge struck out looking. Hicks walked. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Happ pitching for Yankees. Dickerson singled to right. Rojas singled to center, Dickerson to second. Wallach sacrificed to catcher, Rojas to second, Dickerson to third. Berti struck out looking. Marte hit by pitch. Aguilar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Voit singled to shallow right. Urshela struck out swinging. Torres grounded into double play, third to second to first, Voit out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Happ pitching for Yankees. Anderson grounded out to third. Cooper struck out looking. Brinson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Sánchez singled to left. Frazier grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sánchez out at second. LeMahieu walked. Judge doubled to left, LeMahieu to third. Hicks doubled to right, Judge scored and LeMahieu scored. Stanton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Happ pitching for Yankees. Dickerson reached first base on catcher's interference, Dickerson to first on error by catcher Sánchez. Rojas grounded out to third, Dickerson to second. Wallach grounded out to third. Berti lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Voit grounded out to shortstop. Urshela struck out swinging. Torres grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Happ pitching for Yankees. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Aguilar grounded out to shortstop. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Sánchez struck out swinging. Frazier grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Loaisiga pitching for Yankees. Cooper flied out to center. Brinson struck out swinging. Dickerson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Judge struck out looking. Hicks flied out to center. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Loaisiga pitching for Yankees. Rojas grounded out to pitcher. Wallach safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Urshela. Berti grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wallach out at second. Marte safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Torres, Berti safe at third on error. Aguilar popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Voit singled to left center. Urshela grounded into double play, third to second to first, Voit out at second. Torres grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Britton pitching for Yankees. Anderson grounded out to third. Cooper struck out looking. Brinson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Sánchez singled to shallow left. Tauchman ran for Sánchez. Frazier struck out swinging. García pitching for Marlins. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Tauchman to second on pickoff error by pitcher García. Judge singled to right, Tauchman scored. Hicks grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Higashioka catching. Chapman pitching for Yankees. Dickerson struck out swinging. Rojas grounded out to third. Wallach struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Sierra in left field. Boxberger pitching for Marlins. Stanton walked. Gardner ran for Stanton. Voit grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gardner out at second. Urshela grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 10th. Gardner as designated hitter. Harrison ran for Wallach. Green pitching for Yankees. Berti sacrificed to first, Harrison to third. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Marte second, Harrison safe at third on throwing error by catcher Higashioka. Aguilar hit sacrifice fly to right, Harrison scored, Marte to third. Anderson fouled out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 10th. Wade ran for Urshela. Alfaro catching. Kintzler pitching for Marlins. Torres walked. Higashioka bunt popped out to first. Torres stole second, Wade stole third. Frazier walked. LeMahieu grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Frazier out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Yankees 3.	Marlins clinch 1st playoff berth since 2003, beat Yanks 4-3