Giants - Top 1st. Cole pitching for Astros. Hernández singled to right. McCutchen lined out to center. Posey struck out swinging. Belt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Suarez pitching for Giants. Springer grounded out to pitcher. Bregman lined out to center. Altuve popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Cole pitching for Astros. Longoria grounded out to second. Crawford singled to deep left. Sandoval struck out looking. Crawford caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Suarez pitching for Giants. Correa lined out to center. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Cole pitching for Astros. Jackson struck out looking. Tomlinson struck out swinging. Hernández flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Suarez pitching for Giants. Gattis doubled to left. Stassi doubled to deep center, Gattis scored. Kemp sacrificed to pitcher, Stassi to third. Springer singled to center, Stassi scored. Bregman doubled to left, Springer scored. Altuve flied out to center, Bregman to third. Correa struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Cole pitching for Astros. McCutchen struck out looking. Posey flied out to right. Belt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Suarez pitching for Giants. Gurriel singled to right. Davis walked, Gurriel to second. Gattis flied out to right. Stassi singled to deep left center, Gurriel to third, Davis to second. Kemp singled to right, Gurriel and Davis scored, Stassi to second. Springer lined into double play, shortstop to second, Stassi doubled off second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Cole pitching for Astros. Longoria walked. Crawford homered to left (353 feet), Longoria scored. Sandoval grounded out to second. Jackson walked. Tomlinson reached on bunt single to second, Jackson to second. Hernández grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tomlinson out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Suarez pitching for Giants. Bregman walked. Johnson pitching for Giants. Bregman stole second. Altuve struck out looking. Correa grounded out to pitcher, Bregman to third. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Cole pitching for Astros. McCutchen struck out swinging. Posey struck out looking. Belt walked. Longoria grounded into fielder's choice to third, Belt out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for Giants. Davis walked. Gattis singled to right center, Davis to second. Stassi walked, Davis to third, Gattis to second. Kemp hit sacrifice fly to left, Davis scored. Moronta pitching for Giants. Springer struck out swinging. Bregman doubled to left, Gattis scored, Stassi to third. Altuve singled to left, Stassi and Bregman scored, Altuve to second advancing on throw. Correa struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Sipp pitching for Astros. Crawford grounded out to first. Sandoval walked. Jackson singled to center, Sandoval to second. Smith pitching for Astros. Tomlinson grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Osich pitching for Giants. Gurriel singled to right center. Davis walked, Gurriel to second. Gattis grounded out to first, Gurriel to third, Davis to second. Stassi struck out swinging. Kemp singled to center, Gurriel and Davis scored. Springer lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Hernández popped out to shortstop. McCutchen grounded out to second. Posey singled to right. Belt hit ground rule double to left, Posey to third. Longoria flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Gómez at second base. Tomlinson at shortstop. Osich pitching for Giants. Bregman lined out to right. Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop. Correa walked, Altuve to second. Gurriel grounded into double play, third to second to first, Correa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Rondón pitching for Astros. Gómez grounded out to third. Sandoval struck out swinging. Jackson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 2 - Astros 11.	Cole gives up HR to brother-in-law, still gets win