Astros - Top 1st. Montas pitching for Athletics. Bregman grounded out to second. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Correa singled to right center. Gurriel doubled to deep center, Correa scored. Reddick singled to center, Gurriel scored, Reddick thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Verlander pitching for Astros. Fowler flied out to center. Semien lined out to center. Lowrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Montas pitching for Athletics. Gattis grounded out to third.   Marwin Gonzalez triples (3) on line drive to right fielder Stephen Piscotty. González batting. McCann grounded into fielder's choice to second, González out at home. Kemp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Verlander pitching for Astros. Davis homered to center (405 feet). Olson popped out to third. Chapman popped out to shortstop. Canha struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Montas pitching for Athletics. Bregman grounded out to shortstop. Altuve walked. Altuve to second on wild pitch by Montas. Correa singled to right, Altuve scored. Gurriel flied out to left. Reddick lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Verlander pitching for Astros. Piscotty singled to center. Lucroy struck out swinging. Fowler flied out to left. Semien struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Gattis flied out to left. González walked. McCann homered to right (392 feet), González scored. Kemp doubled to deep right. Bregman walked. Altuve singled to shallow left, Kemp to third, Bregman to second. Correa grounded into double play, third to second to first, Altuve out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Verlander pitching for Astros. Lowrie grounded out to second. Davis struck out swinging. Olson fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. Reddick singled to right. Gattis struck out swinging. Reddick to second on wild pitch by Montas. González grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Verlander pitching for Astros. Chapman flied out to right. Canha doubled to left. Piscotty flied out to center, Canha to third. Lucroy lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Montas pitching for Athletics. McCann safe at first on error by third baseman Chapman. Kemp reached on infield single to third, McCann to second. Bregman grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCann out at third, Kemp to second, Kemp scored, Bregman to second on throwing error by third baseman Chapman. Altuve doubled to left, Bregman scored. Correa walked. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to third, Correa out at second, Altuve to third. Reddick flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Verlander pitching for Astros. Fowler lined out to right. Semien fouled out to first. Lowrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Pinder at third base. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Gattis reached on infield single to shortstop. González singled to right, Gattis to second. Marisnick ran for González. McCann grounded into double play, second to shortstop to third, Marisnick out at second, Gattis out at third, McCann to first. Kemp popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Marisnick in center field. Kemp in left field. Verlander pitching for Astros. Davis doubled to shallow right. Olson homered to right center (400 feet), Davis scored. Pinder grounded out to shortstop. Canha hit by pitch. Piscotty struck out swinging. Lucroy lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Ramirez pitching for Athletics. Bregman lined out to left. Altuve grounded out to first. Correa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Fowler flied out to left. Semien grounded out to third. Lowrie struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Ramirez pitching for Athletics. Gurriel popped out to shortstop. Reddick grounded out to second. Gattis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Rondón pitching for Astros. Davis struck out swinging. Olson lined out to right. Pinder grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 7 - Athletics 3.	Verlander gets plenty of support in Astros 7-3 win over A's