Blue Jays - Top 1st. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Hernández walked. Solarte doubled to shallow left, Grichuk scored, Hernández to third. Pearce walked. Morales hit sacrifice fly to center, Hernández scored. Pillar singled to shallow left, Solarte scored, Pearce to third. Díaz singled to center, Pearce scored, Pillar to third. Maile hit sacrifice fly to left, Pillar scored. Travis grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Springer reached first base on catcher's interference. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Springer batting. Bregman popped out to first. Altuve walked, Springer to second. Gurriel flied out to right. Gattis doubled to deep center, Springer and Altuve scored. Reddick singled to center, Gattis scored. Reddick stole second. González flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Grichuk popped out to third. Hernández grounded out to second. Solarte grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Stassi grounded out to third. Kemp struck out swinging. Springer lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Pearce flied out to right. Morales grounded out to shortstop. Pillar singled to shallow right center. Díaz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Bregman doubled to deep left. Altuve grounded out to third. Gurriel flied out to center, Bregman to third. Gattis popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Maile grounded out to shortstop. Travis grounded out to second. Grichuk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Reddick singled to right. González grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Reddick out at second. Stassi walked. Kemp singled to left, Stassi to second. Springer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kemp out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Hernández grounded out to pitcher. Solarte lined out to center. Pearce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Bregman doubled to deep right center. Altuve flied out to center. Gurriel popped out to first. Gattis doubled to deep left center, Bregman scored. Reddick grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Morales grounded out to shortstop. Pillar singled to shallow right. Díaz singled to right, Pillar to second. Maile walked, Pillar to third, Díaz to second. Travis safe at first on error by second baseman Altuve, Pillar scored, Díaz to third, Maile to second. Peacock pitching for Astros. Grichuk struck out swinging. Hernández struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 6th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. González grounded out to shortstop. Stassi struck out swinging. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Solarte fouled out to left. Granderson hit for Pearce. Granderson struck out swinging. Granderson hit for Pearce. Granderson struck out swinging. Morales grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Smoak at first base. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Springer flied out to center. Bregman grounded out to third. Altuve reached on infield single to third. Altuve stole second. Gurriel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Giles pitching for Astros. Pillar grounded out to third. Díaz reached on infield single to pitcher. Maile singled to center, Díaz to third. Travis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Maile out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Clippard pitching for Blue Jays. Gattis struck out looking. Reddick struck out looking. González homered to right center (381 feet). Stassi struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Harris pitching for Astros. Grichuk reached on infield single to third. Hernández grounded into double play, second to first, Grichuk out at second. Solarte grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Kemp singled to right. Kemp to second on wild pitch by Tepera. Springer flied out to left. Bregman homered to left (398 feet), Kemp scored. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Astros 7.	Bregman's 2-run shot gives Houston 7-6 win over Blue Jays