Astros - Top 1st. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Bregman reached on infield single to shortstop. Altuve struck out looking. Correa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bregman out at second. White tripled to deep center, Correa scored. White scored on Gonzales' wild pitch. González struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Morton pitching for Astros. Haniger struck out swinging. Canó grounded out to shortstop. Segura grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Gurriel doubled to deep right. Reddick grounded out to shortstop, Gurriel to third. Maldonado singled to center, Gurriel scored. Kemp singled to left center, Maldonado to second. Bregman flied out to center. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to third, Maldonado out at third, Kemp to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Morton pitching for Astros. Cruz lined out to shortstop. Span flied out to center. Healy singled to right. Gamel walked, Healy to second. Zunino struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Correa flied out to center. White fouled out to first. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Morton pitching for Astros. Gordon popped out to second. Haniger grounded out to shortstop. Canó struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Gurriel singled to left center. Reddick singled to center, Gurriel to second. Maldonado doubled to right, Gurriel scored, Reddick to third. Kemp singled to center, Reddick scored, Maldonado to third. Bregman singled to center, Maldonado scored, Kemp to third. Altuve singled to left center, Kemp scored, Bregman to third. Rumbelow pitching for Mariners. Correa hit sacrifice fly to center, Bregman scored. White singled to shallow left, Altuve to second. González flied out to right. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to third, Altuve out at third, White to second. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Morton pitching for Astros. Segura struck out swinging. Cruz homered to left (412 feet). Span grounded out to second. Healy struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Romine at shortstop. Rumbelow pitching for Mariners. Reddick grounded out to second. Maldonado homered to left (395 feet). Kemp singled to left center. Bregman walked, Kemp to second. Altuve grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bregman out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Morton pitching for Astros. Gamel struck out looking. Zunino fouled out to first. Gordon doubled to right. Haniger hit by pitch. Canó doubled to right, Gordon scored, Haniger to third. Romine struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Rumbelow pitching for Mariners. Correa flied out to right. White grounded out to third. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Morton pitching for Astros. Cruz doubled to deep right center. Span singled to center, Cruz to third. Healy singled to right center, Cruz scored, Span to third. Gamel hit by pitch, Healy to second. Smith pitching for Astros. Zunino hit sacrifice fly to center, Span scored, Healy to third, Gamel to second. Gordon hit sacrifice fly to left, Healy scored, Gamel to third on throwing error by left fielder González. Haniger homered to center (422 feet), Gamel scored. Sipp pitching for Astros. Canó grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 7th. Duke pitching for Mariners. Gurriel walked. Reddick bunt popped out to pitcher. Maldonado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gurriel out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Pressly pitching for Astros. Seager hit for Romine. Seager flied out to center. Cruz lined out to second. Span grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Canó at second base. Seager at third base. Gordon at shortstop. Duke pitching for Mariners. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Warren pitching for Mariners. Bregman flied out to right. Altuve singled to right. Altuve stole second. Correa popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Rondón pitching for Astros. Healy singled to center. Gamel grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Healy out at second. Zunino walked. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zunino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Warren pitching for Mariners. White homered to center (417 feet). González singled to right. Gurriel flied out to left. Elías pitching for Mariners. González to second on wild pitch by Elías. Reddick flied out to center. Maldonado lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Osuna pitching for Astros. Haniger grounded out to shortstop. Canó flied out to left. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 10 - Mariners 7.	Maldonado, White homer as Astros beat Mariner 10-7