Giants - Top 1st . Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Duggar flied out to left . Belt struck out swinging . Longoria struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Hernández grounded out to third . Turner lined out to second . Seager popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Posey singled to center . Crawford lined out to left . Solarte grounded into double play , second to first , Posey out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Pollock singled to right . Bellinger flied out to right . Taylor walked , Pollock to second . Muncy lined into double play , center to first , Taylor doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Joe popped out to second . Parra grounded out to second . Bumgarner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Martin safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Bumgarner . Ryu walked , Martin to second . Hernández singled to center , Martin scored , Ryu to second . Turner popped out to first . Seager flied out to left . Pollock singled to left , Hernández to second , Ryu to third . Bellinger homered to center ( 412 feet ) , Ryu scored , Hernández scored and Pollock scored . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 4th . Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Duggar struck out swinging . Belt grounded out to second . Longoria grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Muncy grounded out to shortstop . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Ryu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Posey grounded out to first . Crawford grounded out to first . Solarte lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Hernández singled to left . Turner struck out swinging . Seager flied out to left . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernández out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Joe grounded out to pitcher . Parra singled to left . Bumgarner homered to left ( 388 feet ) , Parra scored . Duggar singled to left . Belt singled to right center , Duggar to second . Longoria struck out swinging . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Duggar out at third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Bellinger lined out to center . Taylor struck out swinging . Muncy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Crawford singled to deep right . Solarte grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crawford out at second . Joe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Vincent pitching for Giants . Martin doubled to left . Verdugo hit for Ryu . Verdugo singled to center , Verdugo safe at second on throwing error by center fielder Duggar , Martin safe at third on throwing error by center fielder Duggar . Hernández grounded out to third . Turner hit sacrifice fly to center , Martin scored . Seager intentionally walked . Pollock flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 8th . Ferguson pitching for Dodgers . Parra grounded out to third . Pillar hit for Vincent . Pillar struck out swinging . Duggar singled to center . Belt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Bergen pitching for Giants . Bellinger grounded out to first . Taylor flied out to center . Muncy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . García pitching for Dodgers . Longoria doubled to left . Posey walked . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Crawford safe at first on error by pitcher Jansen , Posey to second , Longoria to third . Solarte walked , Longoria scored , Crawford to second , Posey to third . Panik hit for Joe . Panik struck out looking . Parra reached on infield single to second , Crawford scored and Posey scored , Solarte to third . Sandoval hit for Bergen . Sandoval grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Parra out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 5 - Dodgers 6 .	Dodgers survive messy 9th to edge Giants 6 - 5