Dodgers - Top 1st . Archer pitching for Pirates . Pederson walked . Muncy flied out to left . Turner reached on infield single to shortstop , Pederson to second . Bellinger flied out to left . Beaty grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Frazier grounded out to first . Polanco flied out to center . Marte grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Archer pitching for Pirates . Seager homered to center ( 432 feet ) . Hernández walked . Barnes walked , Hernández to second . Maeda sacrificed to third , Barnes to second , Hernández to third . Pederson popped out to first . Muncy flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Bell singled to center . Reynolds homered to right ( 387 feet ) , Bell scored . Moran singled to shallow left center . Díaz struck out swinging . Newman popped out to first . Archer struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Archer pitching for Pirates . Turner singled to left center . Bellinger struck out looking . Beaty struck out swinging . Seager grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Turner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Frazier grounded out to first . Polanco popped out to shortstop . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Archer pitching for Pirates . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Barnes walked . Maeda sacrificed to first , Barnes to second . Pederson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Bell grounded out to first . Reynolds grounded out to catcher . Moran singled to right . Díaz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Archer pitching for Pirates . Muncy walked . Turner singled to right center , Muncy to second . Bellinger walked , Turner to second , Muncy to third . Beaty singled to right , Muncy scored and Turner scored , Bellinger to third . Seager grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bellinger scored , Beaty out at second . Hernández singled to left , Seager to second . Barnes struck out swinging , Hernández to second on wild pitch by Archer , Seager to third on wild pitch by Archer . Maeda grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Newman grounded out to pitcher . Osuna hit for Archer . Osuna grounded out to third . Frazier homered to center ( 413 feet ) . Polanco struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . DuRapau pitching for Pirates . Pederson homered to right ( 407 feet ) . Muncy flied out to center . Turner singled to center . Bellinger doubled to right , Turner to third . Turner scored on error by second baseman Frazier , Beaty safe at first on error by second baseman Frazier . Seager walked , Beaty to second , Bellinger to third . Hernández hit by pitch , Bellinger scored , Seager to second , Beaty to third . Neverauskas pitching for Pirates . Barnes hit by pitch , Beaty scored , Hernández to second , Seager to third . Verdugo hit for Maeda . Verdugo hit sacrifice fly to right , Seager scored , Hernández to third . Pederson singled to left , Hernández scored , Barnes to second . Muncy grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Martin catching . Ferguson pitching for Dodgers . Marte popped out to second . Bell walked . Reynolds singled to right , Bell to second . Moran singled to left , Bell scored , Reynolds to third . Díaz singled to right , Reynolds scored , Moran to second . Newman grounded out to pitcher , Díaz to second , Moran to third . Cabrera hit for Neverauskas . Cabrera singled to center , Moran scored , Díaz to third . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cabrera out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Holmes pitching for Pirates . Turner walked . Bellinger grounded out to first , Turner to second . Beaty singled to left , Turner scored . Seager grounded out to first , Beaty to second . Hernández lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Báez pitching for Dodgers . Polanco popped out to third . Marte walked . Bell flied out to left . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Holmes pitching for Pirates . Martin hit by pitch . Taylor hit for Báez . Taylor struck out swinging . Pederson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martin out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . García pitching for Dodgers . Taylor in left field . Moran struck out swinging . Díaz flied out to right . Newman reached on infield single to third . Tucker hit for Holmes . Tucker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Crick pitching for Pirates . Muncy lined out to center . Turner singled to right . Bellinger flied out to left . Beaty flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Frazier singled to left center . Polanco doubled to center , Frazier scored . Marte flied out to center . Bell grounded out to shortstop , Polanco to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 11 - Pirates 7 .	Turner has 5 hits , Dodgers get 2 HBP RBIs to sweep Pirates