Dodgers - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson singled to center . Verdugo flied out to center . Turner singled to right , Pederson to third . Bellinger doubled to deep right center , Pederson scored , Turner to third . Muncy grounded out to first , Turner scored , Bellinger to third . Taylor doubled to deep right , Bellinger scored . Hernández grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Jones struck out swinging . Marte singled to center . Marte to second on passed ball by Barnes . Escobar walked . Peralta popped out to first . Walker homered to center ( 427 feet ) , Marte scored and Escobar scored . Ahmed grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes struck out swinging . Kershaw struck out swinging . Pederson lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Kelly lined out to left . Locastro popped out to shortstop . Greinke homered to left ( 384 feet ) . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop . Marte grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Verdugo singled to right . Verdugo to second on wild pitch by Greinke . Turner grounded out to third . Bellinger intentionally walked . Muncy grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Bellinger out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Escobar struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to third . Walker grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor struck out swinging . Hernández hit by pitch . Barnes lined out to third . Kershaw grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Ahmed grounded out to third . Kelly singled to left . Locastro lined out to right . Greinke grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson flied out to left . Verdugo flied out to center . Turner lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Jones grounded out to third . Marte fouled out to catcher . Escobar popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Bellinger singled to right . Muncy grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Muncy safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Walker , Bellinger safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Walker . Taylor struck out swinging . Hernández struck out swinging . Beaty hit for Barnes . Beaty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Smith catching . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Peralta flied out to left . Walker singled to right . Ahmed singled to center , Walker to second . Kelly grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ahmed out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Garlick hit for Kershaw . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Garlick singled to right . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson struck out looking . Verdugo singled to left center , Garlick to second . Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks . Verdugo to second on wild pitch by Hirano , Garlick to third on wild pitch by Hirano . Turner popped out to second . Bellinger intentionally walked . Muncy walked , Garlick scored , Bellinger to second , Verdugo to third . Taylor struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . García pitching for Dodgers . Hernández at shortstop . Garlick in left field . Locastro grounded out to shortstop . Leyba hit for Hirano . Leyba struck out swinging . Jones flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . López pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández singled to deep center . Smith lined out to shortstop . Garlick struck out swinging . Pederson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Floro pitching for Dodgers . Marte singled to shallow left . Escobar singled to left center , Marte to second . Peralta singled to center , Marte scored , Escobar to third . Walker walked , Peralta to second . Ahmed hit sacrifice fly to right , Escobar scored , Walker to second , Peralta to third . Kelly struck out looking . Locastro reached on infield single to first , Peralta scored and Walker scored . Chargois pitching for Dodgers . Dyson hit for López . Locastro stole second . Dyson walked . Jones struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Verdugo lined out to right . Turner hit by pitch . Bellinger grounded out to pitcher , Turner to second . Muncy singled to right , Turner scored . Martin hit for Chargois . Holland pitching for Diamondbacks . Martin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 5 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Diamondbacks top Dodgers 8 - 5 , end winning streak at 6 games