Dodgers - Top 1st . Nola pitching for Phillies . Pederson struck out looking . Verdugo struck out looking . Turner flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Kingery doubled to deep center . Segura singled to right , Kingery to third . Harper hit sacrifice fly to center , Kingery scored . Hoskins flied out to center . Realmuto singled to right , Segura to second . Hernández grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Bellinger flied out to left . Muncy struck out swinging . Beaty homered to right ( 403 feet ) . Hernández homered to left ( 367 feet ) . Barnes grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Franco struck out swinging . Haseley homered to right center ( 400 feet ) . Nola struck out looking . Kingery struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Stripling grounded out to pitcher . Pederson walked . Verdugo walked , Pederson to second . Turner grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Verdugo out at second , Pederson to third . Bellinger grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Segura struck out swinging . Harper doubled to deep right . Hoskins safe at first on error by second baseman Muncy , Harper safe at third on error by second baseman Muncy . Realmuto hit sacrifice fly to center , Harper scored . Hernández grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Muncy grounded out to shortstop . Beaty reached on infield single to shortstop . Hernández homered to left ( 336 feet ) , Beaty scored . Barnes flied out to center . Stripling struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Franco flied out to center . Haseley grounded out to shortstop . Nola flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Pederson lined out to center . Verdugo flied out to left . Turner doubled to deep left . Bellinger intentionally walked . Turner to third on wild pitch by Nola . Muncy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Kingery grounded out to third . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Salas pitching for Phillies . Beaty doubled to deep right center . Hernández singled to center , Beaty scored , Hernández safe at second on error by center fielder Kingery . Barnes struck out swinging . Seager hit for Stripling . Seager grounded out to shortstop , Hernández to third . Suárez pitching for Phillies . Pederson lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 6th . García pitching for Dodgers . Hoskins flied out to right . Realmuto grounded out to third . Hernández singled to left . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Suarez pitching for Phillies . Verdugo struck out swinging . Turner singled to right center . Bellinger grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Turner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Ferguson pitching for Dodgers . Haseley hit by pitch . Quinn hit for Suárez . Quinn walked , Haseley to second . Floro pitching for Dodgers . Kingery struck out looking . Segura singled to center , Haseley scored , Quinn to third . Kelly pitching for Dodgers . Verdugo in left field . Pollock in center field . Harper singled to center , Quinn scored on error by right fielder Bellinger , Harper safe at second on error by right fielder Bellinger , Segura to third . Hoskins singled to right , Segura and Harper scored . Realmuto lined out to second . Hoskins to second on wild pitch by Kelly . Hernández struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 8th . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Muncy struck out swinging . Beaty flied out to right . Hernández singled to center . Barnes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Chargois pitching for Dodgers . Franco reached on infield single to shortstop . Haseley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Franco out at second . Miller hit for Morgan . Miller hit by pitch . Miller stole second . Kingery struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Pollock grounded out to second . Freese hit for Chargois . Freese struck out looking . Verdugo homered to left center ( 365 feet ) . Turner flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 6 - Phillies 7 .	Harper , Hoskins rally Phillies past Dodgers with 4 - run 7th