Dodgers - Top 1st . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson doubled to deep right . Beaty grounded out to second , Pederson to third . Turner hit sacrifice fly to right , Pederson scored . Bellinger doubled to shallow left . Bellinger to third on wild pitch by Kelly . Pollock grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Marte struck out looking . Locastro struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager struck out looking . Smith flied out to left . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Flores grounded out to third . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Ryu flied out to right . Pederson walked . Beaty walked , Pederson to second . Turner doubled to left , Pederson scored , Beaty to third . Bellinger intentionally walked . Pollock walked , Beaty scored , Bellinger to second , Turner to third . Seager lined out to shortstop . Smith fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Ahmed grounded out to second . Kelly singled to right . Kelly sacrificed to catcher , Kelly to second . Marte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández struck out swinging . Ryu struck out looking . Pederson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Locastro hit by pitch . Escobar singled to center , Locastro to second . Escobar to second on passed ball by Smith , Locastro to third on passed ball by Smith . Walker struck out swinging . Flores doubled to deep center , Escobar scored and Locastro scored . Jones popped out to first . Ahmed doubled to deep right , Flores scored . Kelly intentionally walked . Vargas hit for Kelly . Vargas singled to shallow right , Ahmed scored , Kelly to third . Marte grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks . Beaty walked . Turner grounded out to pitcher , Beaty to second . Bellinger intentionally walked . Pollock singled to right , Bellinger to second , Beaty to third . Seager hit sacrifice fly to center , Beaty scored . Smith flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Locastro grounded out to first . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Walker singled to center . Flores singled to center , Walker to second . Jones doubled to deep right center , Flores scored and Walker scored . Ahmed singled to right , Jones scored . Kelly reached on infield single to shortstop , Ahmed to third . Lamb hit for Andriese . Kolarek pitching for Dodgers . Lamb grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kelly out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández singled to center . Gyorko hit for Kolarek . Gyorko lined out to center . Pederson singled to left center , Hernández to second . Beaty struck out swinging . Turner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Kelly pitching for Dodgers . Marte singled to left . Locastro doubled to center , Marte to third . Escobar homered to right center ( 399 feet ) , Marte scored and Locastro scored . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Flores lined out to center . Jones grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Dyson in center field . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Bellinger lined out to first . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Pollock flied out to center . Seager flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Ferguson pitching for Dodgers . Taylor at shortstop . Ahmed popped out to second . Kelly singled to center . Clarke sacrificed to pitcher , Kelly to second . Dyson reached on infield single to pitcher , Kelly to third . Locastro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Smith grounded out to shortstop . Hernández fouled out to first . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Ferguson pitching for Dodgers . Escobar struck out swinging . Walker walked . Flores doubled to deep center , Walker scored , Flores safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Taylor . Jones struck out swinging . Ahmed lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 9th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson grounded out to second . Beaty popped out to shortstop . Turner homered to left ( 368 feet ) . Bellinger struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 5 - Diamondbacks 11 .	Escobar hits 30th HR , Diamondbacks rout Dodgers 11 - 5