Athletics - Top 1st. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. Semien grounded out to second. Chapman struck out looking. Olson reached on bunt single to third. Davis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Goodrum struck out swinging. Stewart walked. Castellanos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stewart out at second. Castellanos caught stealing second, catcher to second. Chris Bassitt pitches to Miguel Cabrera. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. Piscotty struck out swinging. Profar grounded out to first. Laureano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Cabrera struck out looking. Rodríguez tripled to deep right. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodríguez out at home. Lugo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. Grossman tripled to deep right center. Phegley singled to center, Grossman scored. Semien grounded into fielder's choice to second, Phegley out at second. Chapman walked, Semien to second. Olson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Chapman safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Goodrum, Semien to third. Davis struck out swinging. Semien scored on Turnbull wild pitch, Olson to second on wild pitch by Turnbull, Chapman to third on wild pitch by Turnbull. Piscotty walked. Profar homered to right (355 feet), Chapman scored, Olson scored and Piscotty scored. Laureano struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Greiner singled to left. Jones struck out swinging. Goodrum flied out to center. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. Grossman grounded out to second. Phegley singled to center. Semien struck out looking. Chapman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Castellanos popped out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to left. Rodríguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. Rodríguez to second on passed ball by. Harrison grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Olson grounded out to second. Davis singled to right. Piscotty reached on infield single to second, Davis to second. Profar flied out to center. Laureano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davis out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Lugo flied out to right. Greiner grounded out to third. Jones singled to left. Goodrum grounded out to third, Jones to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Grossman walked. Phegley homered to left (406 feet), Grossman scored. Semien grounded out to second. Chapman grounded out to shortstop. Olson homered to left (393 feet). Davis grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Stewart struck out swinging. Castellanos flied out to right. Cabrera walked. Rodríguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Garrett pitching for Tigers. Piscotty walked. Profar lined out to center. Laureano singled to left, Piscotty to third. Grossman struck out swinging. Phegley doubled to left, Piscotty scored, Laureano to third. Semien homered to left (397 feet), Laureano scored and Phegley scored. Chapman doubled to left. Olson lined out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. Lugo flied out to right. Greiner popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Canha hit for Davis. Alcántara pitching for Tigers. Canha grounded out to third. Piscotty walked. Profar flied out to center. Laureano singled to left, Piscotty to second. Grossman doubled to left center, Laureano scored and Piscotty scored. Phegley grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Pinder at third base. Canha as designated hitter. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Jones grounded out to pitcher. Goodrum struck out swinging. Stewart flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Dixon pitching for Tigers. Semien struck out looking. Pinder hit by pitch. Olson lined out to third. Canha homered to left (419 feet), Pinder scored. Piscotty grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Brooks pitching for Athletics. Castellanos singled to left. Beckham hit for Cabrera. Beckham flied out to right. Rodríguez struck out swinging. Harrison singled to left, Castellanos to second. Lugo homered to right (366 feet), Castellanos scored and Harrison scored. Greiner struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 17 - Tigers 3.	Profar slam, A's romp 17-3 for 13th straight win over Tigers