Nationals - Top 1st. Soto pitching for Tigers. Turner flied out to right. Eaton singled to center. Eaton to second on wild pitch by Soto. Rendon singled to left, Eaton to third. Soto flied out to left. Kendrick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Voth pitching for Nationals. Jones walked. Jones caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second to pitcher. Castellanos flied out to right. Cabrera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Soto pitching for Tigers. Zimmerman flied out to right. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Voth pitching for Nationals. Stewart flied out to left. Candelario struck out looking. Rodríguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Soto pitching for Tigers. Robles flied out to center. Turner struck out swinging. Eaton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Voth pitching for Nationals. Goodrum singled to center. Hicks struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to pitcher, Goodrum to second. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Soto pitching for Tigers. Rendon homered to left (379 feet). Soto walked. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop, Soto to second. Zimmerman flied out to right, Soto to third. Dozier doubled to left, Soto scored. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Gomes walked. Robles singled to left, Dozier scored, Gomes to second. Turner struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Voth pitching for Nationals. Castellanos grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to left center. Stewart singled to shallow right, Cabrera to second. Candelario singled to left, Stewart to second, Cabrera to third. Rodríguez flied out to right. Goodrum walked, Cabrera scored, Candelario to second, Stewart to third. Hicks struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Eaton struck out swinging. Rendon grounded out to third. Soto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Voth pitching for Nationals. Castro singled to center. Jones flied out to right. Castellanos doubled to right, Castro to third. Guerra pitching for Nationals. Cabrera singled to right, Castro scored and Castellanos scored. Venters pitching for Nationals. Stewart hit by pitch, Cabrera to second. Candelario grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stewart to second, Cabrera out at third. Rodríguez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Adams pitching for Tigers. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman flied out to left. Dozier flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Venters pitching for Nationals. Goodrum struck out swinging. Hicks struck out swinging. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Alcántara pitching for Tigers. Gomes reached on infield single to first. Robles sacrificed to pitcher, Gomes to second. Turner flied out to right. Eaton reached on infield single to third, Gomes scored on throwing error by third baseman Candelario, Eaton safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Candelario. Rendon singled to center, Eaton scored. Rendon caught stealing second, pitcher to shortstop to first. Victor Alcantara pitches to Juan Soto. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Rainey pitching for Nationals. Jones walked. Castellanos walked, Jones to second. Cabrera singled to left, Jones scored, Castellanos to third. Sipp pitching for Nationals. Stewart hit sacrifice fly to center, Castellanos scored. Candelario singled to left, Cabrera to second. Rodríguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Candelario out at second, Cabrera to third. Goodrum singled to center, Cabrera scored, Rodríguez to second. Goodrum to second on passed ball by Gomes, Rodríguez to third on passed ball by Gomes. Hicks struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Jiménez pitching for Tigers. Soto struck out swinging. Kendrick singled to center. Zimmerman fouled out to catcher. Kendrick to second on wild pitch by Jiménez. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Suero pitching for Nationals. Castro singled to left. Jones doubled to deep center, Castro scored. Castellanos hit by pitch. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Castellanos out at second, Jones to third. Stewart grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Adams hit for Gomes. Greene pitching for Tigers. Adams popped out to third. Robles struck out swinging. Turner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 5 - Tigers 7.	Tigers snap 8-game losing streak, beat Nationals 7-5