Tigers - Top 1st. Swanson pitching for Mariners. Jones walked. Candelario struck out swinging, Jones stole second. Cabrera flied out to right. Castellanos flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Smith flied out to center. Crawford walked. Narváez lined out to right. Crawford stole second. Vogelbach struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Swanson pitching for Mariners. Dixon struck out swinging. Stewart flied out to right. Goodrum struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Beckham struck out swinging. Seager doubled to deep right. Nola grounded out to shortstop. Negrón popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Hicks homered to left center (447 feet). Mercer struck out looking. Jones grounded out to second. Candelario grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Lopes walked. Smith popped out to shortstop. Crawford singled to right, Lopes to third. Narváez walked, Crawford to second. Vogelbach grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lopes scored, Narváez safe at second on error by second baseman Goodrum, Crawford to third. Beckham homered to left (415 feet), Crawford scored, Narváez scored and Vogelbach scored. Seager struck out swinging. Nola singled to center. Negrón lined out to right. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Cabrera lined out to right. Castellanos reached on infield single to third. Dixon struck out swinging. Stewart struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Lopes hit by pitch. Lopes stole second. Smith struck out swinging. Crawford tripled to right, Lopes scored. Narváez hit ground rule double to deep right center, Crawford scored. Vogelbach walked. Beckham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vogelbach out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Goodrum singled to left. Hicks walked, Goodrum to second. Mercer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hicks safe at second on error by second baseman Lopes, Goodrum to third. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mercer to second, Hicks to third, Goodrum out at home. Candelario singled to left, Hicks scored, Jones to second, Mercer to third. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Candelario out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Seager homered to right center (416 feet). Nola doubled to deep center. Negrón struck out swinging. Lopes grounded out to shortstop, Nola to third. Smith struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Castellanos struck out looking. Dixon grounded out to pitcher. Stewart grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Crawford struck out swinging. Narváez lined out to left. Vogelbach walked. Vogelbach to second on wild pitch by Hardy. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Goodrum grounded out to third. Hicks popped out to second. Mercer fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Seager flied out to left. Nola struck out looking. Negrón struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Jones flied out to center. Candelario flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Rosenthal pitching for Tigers. Moore walked. Smith walked, Moore to second. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Smith out at second, Moore to third. Narváez popped out to shortstop. Vogelbach doubled to deep left, Crawford scored and Moore scored. Vogelbach to third on wild pitch by Rosenthal. Beckham struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Tuivailala pitching for Mariners. Castellanos grounded out to third. Dixon struck out swinging. Stewart singled to shallow right center. Goodrum safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Tuivailala, Stewart safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Tuivailala. Hicks grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 2 - Mariners 10.	Beckham, Seager lead Mariners over Tigers 10-2