Tigers - Top 1st. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Jones struck out looking. Goodrum grounded out to second. Castellanos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Alexander pitching for Tigers. Smith struck out swinging. Santana walked. Narváez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Dixon lined out to shortstop. Stewart flied out to left. Candelario singled to center. Mercer reached on infield single to shortstop, Candelario to third. Wilson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Alexander pitching for Tigers. Beckham struck out looking. Vogelbach hit by pitch. Nola struck out looking. Seager flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Beckham fouled out to right. Jones doubled to deep center. Goodrum singled to right, Jones scored. Castellanos grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Goodrum out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Alexander pitching for Tigers. Court struck out looking. Moore struck out swinging. Smith singled to shallow right. Santana struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Dixon singled to center. Stewart singled to center, Dixon to second. Candelario grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stewart out at second, Dixon to third. Mercer lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Alexander pitching for Tigers. Narváez singled to center. Beckham singled to left, Narváez to second. Vogelbach struck out looking. Nola tripled to deep right center, Narváez scored and Beckham scored. Seager struck out swinging. Court singled to center, Nola scored. Moore struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Wilson struck out looking. Beckham struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Alexander pitching for Tigers. Smith singled to center. Santana flied out to right. Narváez reached on infield single to second, Smith to second. Beckham doubled to right, Smith scored, Narváez to third. Ramirez pitching for Tigers. Vogelbach struck out swinging. Nola intentionally walked. Seager grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Goodrum struck out looking. Castellanos safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Seager. Dixon flied out to center. Stewart struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Ramirez pitching for Tigers. Court struck out swinging. Moore doubled to left. Smith struck out swinging. Santana grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Candelario struck out looking. Mercer struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Tigers. Narváez singled to left. Beckham doubled to deep right, Narváez to third. Vogelbach singled to center, Narváez scored, Beckham to third. Negrón ran for Vogelbach. Nola doubled to deep left, Beckham scored, Negrón to third. Soto pitching for Tigers. Seager struck out swinging. Court hit ground rule double to deep right center, Negrón and Nola scored. Moore walked. Smith grounded out to pitcher, Moore to second, Court to third. Santana struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Negrón in right field. Court at first base. Magill pitching for Mariners. Beckham struck out looking. Jones lined out to right. Goodrum walked. Castellanos grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Soto pitching for Tigers. Narváez singled to left. Beckham walked, Narváez to second. Negrón struck out looking. Nola struck out swinging. Seager reached on infield single to third, Beckham to second, Narváez to third. Court grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Carasiti pitching for Mariners. Dixon singled to right center. Stewart flied into double play, left to first, Dixon doubled off first. Candelario struck out, Candelario to first on wild pitch by Carasiti. Mercer grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 1 - Mariners 8.	Rookies Court, Nola each drive in 3, Mariners top Tigers 8-1