White Sox - Top 1st. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. García struck out swinging. Goins walked. Abreu walked, Goins to second. Jay hit by pitch, Abreu to second, Goins to third. Jiménez struck out swinging. Skole doubled to center, Goins scored and Abreu scored, Jay to third. Anderson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Jones struck out swinging. Goodrum struck out swinging. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. McCann struck out swinging. Sánchez singled to left. García struck out swinging. Goins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Dixon struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to second. Demeritte singled to left. Reyes singled to shallow left, Demeritte to second. Rogers singled to left, Demeritte scored, Reyes to second. Mercer struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. Abreu flied out to left. Jay flied out to left. Jiménez walked. Skole struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Jones homered to right center (379 feet). Goodrum doubled to right. Cabrera grounded out to second, Goodrum to third. Dixon walked. Castro grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Dixon out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Soto pitching for Tigers. Anderson singled to left. McCann doubled to deep right, Anderson to third. Sánchez grounded out to shortstop, Anderson scored. García flied out to right. McCann to third on wild pitch by Soto. Goins singled to center, McCann scored. Abreu singled to center, Goins to second. Jay flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Demeritte struck out swinging. Reyes lined out to right. Rogers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Soto pitching for Tigers. Jiménez singled to right. Skole struck out swinging. Anderson flied out to right. McCann flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Mercer flied out to right. Jones tripled to left. Goodrum walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Goodrum out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Soto pitching for Tigers. Sánchez lined out to center. García singled to center. Goins walked, García to second. Abreu lined into double play, third to second, García doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Dixon tripled to center. Castro grounded out to second, Dixon scored. Demeritte struck out looking. Reyes singled to right. Rogers struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Soto pitching for Tigers. Jay safe at first on error by pitcher Soto. Jiménez grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Jay out at second. Skole grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Cordero pitching for White Sox. Mercer singled to left. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mercer out at second. Goodrum struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to center, Jones to second. Dixon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Anderson doubled to right center. McCann singled to left, Anderson scored. Sánchez singled to right, McCann to second. García sacrificed to catcher, Sánchez to second, McCann to third. Goins struck out swinging. Abreu reached on infield single to third, McCann scored, Sánchez to third. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Jay singled to left, Sánchez scored, Abreu to second. Engel ran for Jay. Jiménez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. García in left field. Engel in center field. Cordell in right field. Fry pitching for White Sox. Castro walked. Demeritte popped out to second. Reyes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Jimenez pitching for Tigers. Skole flied out to center. Anderson reached on infield single to third, Anderson safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Castro. McCann walked. Sánchez struck out swinging. García flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Colomé pitching for White Sox. Rogers walked. Mercer singled to right center, Rogers to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mercer out at second, Rogers to third. Goodrum grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rogers scored, Jones out at second. Goodrum to second on fielder's indifference. Cabrera flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Tigers 4.	Giolito ends winless streak, White Sox beat Tigers 7-4