Tigers - Top 1st. Montgomery pitching for Royals. Reyes struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to left center. Rodríguez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Norris pitching for Tigers. Merrifield singled to right center. Mondesi grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Merrifield out at second. Soler walked. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Montgomery pitching for Royals. Candelario struck out swinging. Lugo grounded out to third. Dixon lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Norris pitching for Tigers. Gordon struck out swinging. McBroom singled to right center. Starling grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McBroom out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Montgomery pitching for Royals. Demeritte doubled to left. Greiner singled to right, Demeritte scored. Reyes singled to left, Greiner to second. Castro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reyes out at second, Greiner to third. Cabrera walked. Rodríguez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Norris pitching for Tigers. Arteaga grounded out to pitcher. Dini walked. Merrifield singled to left center, Dini to second. Mondesi flied out to right, Dini to third. Soler homered to left center (431 feet), Dini scored and Merrifield scored. Dozier struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Montgomery pitching for Royals. Candelario grounded out to shortstop. Lugo grounded out to pitcher. Dixon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Gordon walked. McBroom grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gordon out at second. Starling struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Montgomery pitching for Royals. Demeritte popped out to second. Greiner flied out to center. Reyes doubled to deep center. Reyes to third on wild pitch by Montgomery. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Arteaga struck out looking. Dini flied out to right. Merrifield doubled to deep left. Mondesi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Montgomery pitching for Royals. Cabrera grounded out to third. Rodríguez reached on infield single to third. Candelario grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodríguez out at second. Barlow pitching for Royals. Lugo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Soler singled to right. Dozier struck out looking. Gordon flied out to right. McBroom struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Barlow pitching for Royals. Dixon grounded out to shortstop. Demeritte struck out swinging. Greiner singled to center. Reyes doubled to deep left center, Greiner scored. Castro flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Starling grounded out to shortstop. Arteaga grounded out to first. Dini struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. McCarthy pitching for Royals. Cabrera singled to left center. Beckham ran for Cabrera. Rodríguez struck out looking. Candelario doubled to deep right, Beckham to third. Stewart hit for Lugo. Stewart singled to right, Beckham scored, Candelario to third. Dixon hit sacrifice fly to center, Candelario scored. Demeritte grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Beckham as designated hitter. Mercer at third base. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Merrifield grounded out to third. Mondesi walked. Cisnero pitching for Tigers. Soler singled to right, Mondesi to second. Dozier struck out looking. Soto pitching for Tigers. Soler stole second, Mondesi stole third. Gordon reached on infield single to pitcher, Mondesi scored, Soler to third. Soler scored on Soto wild pitch, Gordon to second on wild pitch by Soto. McBroom walked. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Starling popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Greiner singled to center. Reyes singled to shallow left, Greiner to second. Castro bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Reyes to second, Greiner out at third. Castro hit for Beckham. Castro grounded out to first, Castro to second, Reyes to third. Rodríguez singled to left center, Reyes scored, Castro thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Castro as designated hitter. Phillips hit for Arteaga. Reininger pitching for Tigers. Phillips lined out to left. O'Hearn hit for Dini. O'Hearn homered to left (393 feet). 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 5 - Royals 6.	Soler breaks KC home run record, Royals beat Tigers