White Sox - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Swisher homered to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . Thome flied out to right . Konerko struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Thames flied out to right . Sheffield singled to shallow center . Ordonez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Dye grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski popped out to shortstop . Quentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Cabrera fouled out to first . Guillen struck out swinging . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Crede singled to shallow center . Uribe walked , Crede to second . Swisher grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Uribe out at second , Crede to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Inge safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Crede . Santiago doubled to right , Inge scored , Santiago tagged out at third attempting to advance on play . Rodriguez fouled out to first . Thames walked . Sheffield lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Thome grounded out to pitcher . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Dye flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Ordonez singled to center . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ordonez out at second . Guillen safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Crede . Renteria grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Pierzynski doubled to shallow right . Quentin walked . Crede singled to shallow right , Pierzynski scored , Quentin to third . Crede to second on passed ball by Rodriguez . Uribe grounded out to shortstop , Quentin scored . Swisher popped out to third . Cabrera grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Inge grounded out to shortstop . Santiago reached on infield single to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Santiago out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Thome fouled out to third . Konerko safe at first on error by first baseman Guillen . Dye doubled to left , Konerko to third . Pierzynski intentionally walked . Quentin hit by pitch , Konerko scored , Dye to third , Pierzynski to second . Crede reached on infield single to shortstop , Dye scored , Pierzynski to third , Quentin to second . Uribe struck out swinging . Swisher singled to center , Pierzynski scored , Quentin to third , Crede to second . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Cabrera doubled to center , Quentin , Crede and Swisher scored . Thome grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Thames grounded out to second . Sheffield walked . Ordonez singled to shallow right , Sheffield to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ordonez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Konerko walked . Dye struck out swinging . Konerko to second on wild pitch by Lopez . Pierzynski grounded out to first , Konerko to third . Quentin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Guillen reached on infield single to shortstop . Renteria reached on bunt single to third , Guillen to second . Inge grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Renteria out at second . Guillen scored on Buehrle 's wild pitch . Santiago popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Seay pitching for Tigers . Crede popped out to second . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . Anderson hit for Swisher . Anderson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Anderson in center field . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Thomas hit for Rodriguez . Thomas struck out swinging . Thames singled to shallow left . Sheffield flied out to left . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thames out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Thomas in center field . Inge catching . Bazardo pitching for Tigers . Cabrera walked . Ramirez hit for Thome . Ramirez flied out to left . Konerko singled to shallow left , Cabrera to second . Dye grounded out to pitcher , Cabrera to third , Konerko to second . Pierzynski intentionally walked . Quentin tripled to deep center , Cabrera , Konerko and Pierzynski scored . Crede singled to shallow center , Quentin scored . Uribe doubled to right , Crede to third . Anderson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Cabrera flied out to right . Guillen doubled to left . Renteria safe at first on error by left fielder Quentin . Inge walked , Guillen to third , Renteria to second . Santiago grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Inge out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : White Sox 13 - Tigers 2 .	Verlander ca n't save Tigers from ChiSox , 0 - 6 start