Tigers - Top 1st . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Polanco walked . Sheffield flied out to left . Ordonez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Pedroia walked . Youkilis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pedroia out at second . Ortiz struck out swinging . Youkilis caught stealing second , catcher to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera singled to right . Guillen grounded out to first , Cabrera to second . Renteria grounded out to third . Thames grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Ramirez struck out looking . Casey hit for Lowell . Casey singled to center . Drew walked , Casey to second . Varitek safe at first on error by second baseman Polanco , Casey to third , Drew to second . Ellsbury walked , Casey scored , Drew to third , Varitek to second . Lugo singled to right center , Drew scored , Varitek to third , Ellsbury to second . Pedroia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lugo out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Youkilis at third base . Casey at first base . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Inge grounded out to third . Rodriguez walked . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rodriguez out at second . Polanco to second on wild pitch by Lester . Sheffield flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Youkilis safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera . Ortiz popped out to second . Ramirez flied out to center . Casey doubled to right , Youkilis to third . Drew grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 4th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera walked . Guillen walked , Cabrera to second . Renteria doubled to deep left center , Cabrera and Guillen scored . Thames homered to left , Renteria scored . Inge grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Varitek doubled to left . Ellsbury walked . Lugo grounded into double play , third to second , Varitek out at third , Ellsbury out at second , Lugo to first . Lugo caught stealing second , catcher to second . Pedroia batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Polanco flied out to right . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez singled to left . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ordonez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Renteria doubled to deep right center . Aardsma pitching for Red Sox . Thames flied out to center . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Ramirez singled to center . Seay pitching for Tigers . Casey flied out to center . Drew struck out swinging . Varitek flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Aardsma pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Polanco grounded out to third . Sheffield walked . Sheffield stole second . Ordonez walked . Cabrera popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Seay pitching for Tigers . Ellsbury flied out to left . Beltran pitching for Tigers . Lugo doubled to right . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Youkilis lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Corey pitching for Red Sox . Guillen walked . Renteria singled to left , Guillen to second . Thomas hit for Thames . Thomas sacrificed to third , Guillen to third , Renteria to second . Inge singled to center , Guillen and Renteria scored . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez singled to right , Inge to second . Polanco hit by pitch , Inge to third , Rodriguez to second . Sheffield grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Inge out at home . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Thomas in left field . Bautista pitching for Tigers . Ortiz grounded out to second . Ramirez singled to center . Casey grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Ordonez grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera struck out swinging . Guillen homered to left . Renteria walked . Thomas singled to left , Renteria to second . Inge flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Drew singled to right . Varitek grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Drew out at second . Ellsbury grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Varitek out at second . Cora hit for Lugo . Cora singled to left center , Ellsbury to second . Pedroia walked , Ellsbury to third , Cora to second . Youkilis popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 7 - Red Sox 2 .	Tigers roll by Red Sox , jettison 0 - 7 start