Tigers - Top 1st . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Thomas grounded out to second . Jones singled to left . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at second . Ordonez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Eckstein grounded out to third . Hill popped out to second . Rios homered to left . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera fouled out to first . Guillen reached on infield single to third . Renteria grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guillen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Stairs reached on infield single to third . Barajas walked , Stairs to second . Overbay walked , Stairs to third , Barajas to second . Scutaro walked , Stairs scored , Barajas to third , Overbay to second . Inglett grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Barajas out at home , Overbay to third , Scutaro to second . Eckstein flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez singled to left . Raburn doubled to deep left , Rodriguez to third . Thomas struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to second , Rodriguez scored , Raburn to third . Sheffield popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Hill popped out to third . Rios singled to left . Wells singled to left , Rios to second . Stairs lined out to first . Barajas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Ordonez walked . Cabrera flied out to center . Guillen grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Ordonez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Overbay walked . Scutaro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Overbay out at second . Inglett walked . Eckstein struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Renteria flied out to right . Rodriguez singled to center . Raburn flied out to left . Thomas popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Hill doubled to deep center . Rios struck out swinging . Wells safe at second on error by third baseman Cabrera , Hill scored . Stairs intentionally walked . Barajas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stairs out at second , Wells to third . Overbay flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 6th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Jones grounded out to pitcher . Sheffield grounded out to second . Ordonez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Scutaro flied out to center . Inglett tripled to deep center . Eckstein bunt popped into double play , pitcher to third , Inglett doubled off third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera singled to left . Guillen doubled to deep center , Cabrera to third . Renteria flied out to center . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to right , Cabrera scored , Guillen to third . Raburn walked . Thomas grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Hill lined out to right . Rios grounded out to third . Wells flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Thames hit for Jones . Thames lined out to third . Sheffield popped out to shortstop . Ordonez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Thames in left field . Rapada pitching for Tigers . Stairs reached on infield single to second , Stairs to second on throwing error by second baseman Raburn . Barajas popped out to second . Overbay grounded out to first , Stairs to third . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Scutaro fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 9th . Ryan pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera struck out swinging . Guillen singled to center . Santiago ran for Guillen . Renteria struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to center , Santiago to third . Raburn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 2 - Blue Jays 3 .	Jays top Tigers to stop six - game home skid