Red Sox - Top 1st . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Ellsbury singled to center . Lowrie grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ellsbury out at second . Ortiz doubled to deep center . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco singled to center . Polanco to second on balk by Buchholz . Guillen struck out looking . Ordonez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Lowell lined out to third . Youkilis batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera lined out to center . Sheffield reached on infield single to third . Joyce struck out looking . Renteria grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Varitek struck out swinging . Lugo hit ground rule double to left . Ellsbury struck out looking . Lowrie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez singled to center . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco doubled to left , Rodriguez scored . Guillen singled to center , Polanco scored . Ordonez singled to right center , Guillen to third . Cabrera walked , Ordonez to second . Sheffield singled to left , Guillen scored , Ordonez to third , Cabrera to second . Joyce grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ordonez scored , Sheffield out at second , Cabrera to third . Renteria fouled out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Ortiz struck out looking . Ramirez struck out swinging . Lowell singled to center . Youkilis homered to left , Lowell scored . Drew struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco singled to center . Guillen reached on infield single to shortstop , Polanco to second . Ordonez singled to right , Polanco scored , Guillen to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Varitek walked . Lugo hit by pitch , Varitek to second . Ellsbury grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lugo out at second , Varitek to third . Ellsbury stole second . Lowrie hit sacrifice fly to left , Varitek scored . Ortiz singled to left , Ellsbury scored . Ramirez lined out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Sheffield singled to left . Joyce singled to right , Sheffield to second . Renteria sacrificed to third , Sheffield to third , Joyce to second . Rodriguez doubled to deep right , Sheffield and Joyce scored . Granderson flied out to center , Rodriguez to third . Polanco singled to right , Rodriguez scored . Guillen grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Lowell grounded out to second . Youkilis homered to left . Seay pitching for Tigers . Drew doubled to deep left center . Varitek grounded out to third . Miner pitching for Tigers . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Aardsma pitching for Red Sox . Ordonez lined out to right . Cabrera walked . Sheffield walked , Cabrera to second . Joyce fouled out to third . Renteria grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Ellsbury singled to left . Ellsbury stole second . Lowrie grounded out to first , Ellsbury to third . Ortiz grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez walked . Cruceta pitching for Tigers . Lowell homered to left , Ellsbury and Ramirez scored . Youkilis struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Granderson flied out to center . Polanco grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Cruceta pitching for Tigers . Drew walked . Varitek flied out to right . Drew stole second . Lugo walked . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Pedroia hit for Lowrie . Pedroia singled to left , Drew scored , Lugo to second . Lugo to third , Pedroia to second on wild pitch by Cruceta . Ortiz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Pedroia at second base . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Guillen flied out to left . Ordonez singled to left . Cabrera singled to left , Ordonez to second . Sheffield struck out swinging . Ordonez caught stealing third , catcher to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Lowell doubled to deep left center . Youkilis struck out looking . Drew intentionally walked . Varitek grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Ellsbury in left field . Crisp in center field . Joyce reached on infield single to shortstop . Raburn ran for Joyce . Renteria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Raburn safe at second on error by shortstop Lugo . Rodriguez sacrificed to catcher , Raburn to third , Renteria to second . Granderson grounded out to second , Raburn scored , Renteria to third . Polanco singled to shallow left center , Renteria scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Red Sox 9 - Tigers 10 .	Polanco powers Tigers ' rally past BoSox