Mariners - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Suzuki singled to center . Suzuki caught stealing second , catcher to second . Beltre homered to left . Lopez flied out to right . Ibanez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Silva pitching for Mariners . Granderson flied out to left . Polanco singled to right . Sheffield flied out to left . Ordonez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Vidro grounded out to second . Sexson struck out looking . Johjima grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Silva pitching for Mariners . Cabrera doubled to deep left . Guillen singled to center , Cabrera scored . Joyce grounded out to first , Guillen to second . Renteria singled to center , Guillen scored . Rodriguez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Renteria out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Balentien flied out to center . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki walked . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Silva pitching for Mariners . Granderson lined out to right . Polanco lined out to center . Sheffield popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Lopez grounded out to third . Ibanez grounded out to second . Vidro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Ordonez reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera singled to left , Ordonez to second . Guillen grounded out to first , Ordonez to third , Cabrera to second . Joyce walked . Renteria tripled to deep center , Ordonez , Cabrera and Joyce scored . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Granderson doubled to deep left , Renteria scored . Polanco singled to center , Granderson scored . Sheffield lined out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Sexson struck out swinging . Johjima singled to right center . Balentien struck out swinging . Betancourt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Baek pitching for Mariners . Ordonez homered to left . Cabrera singled to center . Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Baek . Guillen popped out to shortstop . Joyce popped into double play , shortstop to second , Cabrera doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Beltre flied out to left . Lopez flied out to right . Suzuki stole second . Ibanez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Renteria homered to left center . Rodriguez singled to right . Granderson homered to right , Rodriguez scored . Polanco hit ground rule double to deep center . Sheffield grounded out to third . Ordonez grounded out to third . Cabrera lined out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Vidro grounded out to second . Sexson doubled to deep right center . Johjima grounded out to first , Sexson to third . Balentien walked . Betancourt singled to left , Sexson scored , Balentien to second . Suzuki singled to left , Balentien to third , Betancourt to second , Balentien scored on error by left fielder Joyce . Beltre flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Guillen homered to center . Joyce flied out to left . Renteria singled to center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Granderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Raburn in left field . Joyce in right field . Bloomquist hit for Lopez . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Bloomquist singled to right . Reed hit for Ibanez . Reed fouled out to first . Vidro doubled to right , Bloomquist to third . Cairo hit for Sexson . Cairo hit sacrifice fly to left , Bloomquist scored . Johjima grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Bloomquist at second base . Reed in left field . Cairo at first base . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield flied out to left . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Rapada pitching for Tigers . Balentien walked . Betancourt singled to center , Balentien to third , Betancourt to second on error by center fielder Granderson . Suzuki struck out swinging . Beltre singled to center , Balentien and Betancourt scored . Bloomquist walked , Beltre to second . Cruceta pitching for Tigers . Reed singled to center , Beltre scored , Bloomquist to second . Vidro singled to right center , Bloomquist scored , Reed to second . Jones pitching for Tigers . Cairo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vidro out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Tigers 12 .	Renteria 's 5 RBIs power Tigers