Dodgers - Top 1st . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Pierre struck out swinging . DeWitt safe at first on error by first baseman Cabrera . Kent grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , DeWitt out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Granderson grounded out to second . Polanco lined out to center . Guillen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Loney doubled to left . Martin grounded out to second , Loney to third . Ethier fouled out to third . Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop , Loney scored . Kemp stole second , Kemp safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rodriguez . Young flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Ordonez fouled out to first . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Larish grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Berroa fouled out to first . Pierre grounded out to second . DeWitt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Renteria walked . Thames walked , Renteria to second . Rodriguez sacrificed to first , Renteria to third , Thames to second . Granderson singled to left , Renteria scored , Thames to third . Polanco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Granderson out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Kent singled to right . Loney doubled to left , Kent to third . Martin popped out to second . Ethier hit ground rule double to deep left , Kent and Loney scored . Kemp struck out swinging . Young singled to center , Ethier scored . Berroa fouled out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Guillen flied out to right . Ordonez singled to deep right . Cabrera homered to left , Ordonez scored . Larish grounded out to shortstop . Renteria singled to right . Thames homered to left , Renteria scored . Rodriguez singled to center . Rodriguez stole second . Granderson tripled to deep left center , Rodriguez scored . Proctor pitching for Dodgers . Polanco tripled to right , Granderson scored . Guillen flied out to center . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Pierre popped out to first . DeWitt singled to center . Kent safe at first on error by pitcher Bonine , DeWitt to second . Loney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kent out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Proctor pitching for Dodgers . Ordonez walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . Larish doubled to deep left , Ordonez to third . Renteria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ordonez scored , Larish to third , Renteria safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Berroa . Thames grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Renteria out at third . Larish scored , Thames to second on wild pitch by Proctor . Rodriguez singled to center , Thames scored . Granderson walked , Rodriguez to second . Polanco flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 6th . Clevlen in left field . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Martin doubled to deep center . Ethier homered to right , Martin scored . Kemp flied out to center . Fossum pitching for Tigers . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Berroa doubled to right , Young to third . Pierre grounded out to first , Young scored , Berroa to third . DeWitt struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Proctor pitching for Dodgers . Guillen grounded out to first . Ordonez flied out to right . Cabrera walked . Larish walked , Cabrera to second . Wade pitching for Dodgers . Renteria singled to shallow center , Cabrera scored , Larish to third . Clevlen flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Kent grounded out to shortstop . Loney flied out to left . Martin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez singled to left . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . Guillen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Ethier flied out to center . Kemp struck out swinging . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Sweeney hit for Berroa . Sweeney walked , Young to second . Maza ran for Sweeney . Pierre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Maza at shortstop . Saito pitching for Dodgers . Ordonez doubled to deep center . Cabrera singled to left , Ordonez to third . Larish singled to right , Ordonez scored , Cabrera to second . Cabrera to third , Larish to second on wild pitch by Saito . Renteria struck out swinging . Clevlen struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Seay pitching for Tigers . DeWitt grounded out to second . Kent lined out to center . Loney singled to left . Martin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 7 - Tigers 12 .	Tigers dump Dodgers for 5th straight win