Dodgers - Top 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Pierre singled to center . Maza struck out looking . DeWitt grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Pierre out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Renteria walked . Polanco grounded into double play , third to second to first , Renteria out at second . Guillen singled to center . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guillen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Loney grounded out to first . Kemp grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Thames walked . Inge fouled out to shortstop . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Ethier grounded out to first . Berroa singled to left . Ardoin struck out swinging . Pierre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Clevlen grounded out to third . Renteria grounded out to pitcher . Polanco singled to center . Polanco to second on wild pitch by Kershaw . Guillen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Maza singled to center . DeWitt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Maza out at second . Martin flied out to right . DeWitt to second on wild pitch by Robertson . Loney grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Ordonez lined out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . Thames flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Kemp grounded out to third . Ethier struck out looking . Berroa lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Park pitching for Dodgers . Inge struck out swinging . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . Clevlen singled to center . Renteria singled to left , Clevlen to second . Polanco singled to right , Clevlen scored , Renteria to third . Guillen doubled to deep right , Renteria scored , Polanco to third . Ordonez walked . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Polanco scored , Guillen tagged out at home , Ordonez to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Ardoin grounded out to shortstop . Pierre singled to right . Maza grounded out to second , Pierre to second . DeWitt grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Ho Park pitching for Dodgers . Thames homered to left center . Inge homered to left . Raburn struck out looking . Clevlen singled to left . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Renteria grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Clevlen out at second . Polanco walked , Renteria to second . Guillen reached on infield single to third , Renteria to third , Polanco to second . Ordonez flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Granderson in center field . Clevlen in left field . Bautista pitching for Tigers . Martin grounded out to second . Loney grounded out to second . Kemp doubled to deep center . Ethier popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera singled to center . Thames flied out to center . Inge struck out swinging . Granderson reached on infield single to pitcher , Cabrera to second . Clevlen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at third , Granderson to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Bautista pitching for Tigers . Berroa walked . Sweeney hit for Ardoin . Sweeney flied out to center . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Berroa out at second . LaRoche hit for Maza . LaRoche grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . LaRoche at second base . Martin catching . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Renteria singled to center . Polanco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Renteria out at second . Guillen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Seay pitching for Tigers . DeWitt singled to center . Martin homered to left , DeWitt scored . Loney singled to center . Jones pitching for Tigers . Kemp singled to center , Loney to second . Ethier flied out to right . Kent hit for Berroa . Kent singled to right , Loney scored , Kemp to third . Young flied out to left . Kemp scored , Kent to second on wild pitch by Jones . Pierre flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 4 - Tigers 5 .	Hot Tigers sweep Dodgers for sixth straight win