Cardinals - Top 1st . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Barton doubled to deep center . Miles sacrificed to catcher , Barton to third . Ludwick grounded into double play , third to first , Barton out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Granderson flied out to center . Polanco grounded out to second . Guillen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Glaus flied out to center . Ankiel walked . Ankiel picked off first . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Ordonez singled to left . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ordonez out at second . Thames fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Stavinoha singled to left . Kennedy struck out swinging . Ryan singled to right , Stavinoha to third . Barton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stavinoha scored , Ryan safe at second on error by shortstop Renteria . Miles grounded out to pitcher , Ryan to third , Barton to second . Ludwick flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Sheffield struck out looking . Renteria struck out swinging . Rodriguez homered to center . Granderson reached on infield single to first . Polanco grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Glaus flied out to right . Ankiel grounded out to first . Molina singled to center . Stavinoha grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Guillen flied out to center . Ordonez flied out to right . Cabrera homered to right . Thames struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . Ryan flied out to center . Barton homered to left . Miles doubled to center . Ludwick walked . Glaus walked , Miles to third , Ludwick to second . Ankiel struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Renteria grounded out to first . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Molina doubled to left . Stavinoha grounded out to first , Molina to third . Kennedy singled to right , Molina scored . Ryan singled to center , Kennedy to third , Ryan to second advancing on throw . Dolsi pitching for Tigers . Schumaker hit for Barton . Schumaker singled to center , Kennedy and Ryan scored . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Schumaker out at second . Miles stole second . Ludwick popped out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Schumaker in left field . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Granderson fouled out to left . Polanco singled to center . Guillen lined out to left . Polanco to second on wild pitch by Looper . Ordonez walked . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ordonez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Dolsi pitching for Tigers . Glaus flied out to right . Ankiel singled to right . Molina singled to right , Ankiel to second . Stavinoha singled to left center , Ankiel scored , Molina to second . Fossum pitching for Tigers . Kennedy struck out swinging . Molina to third , Stavinoha to second on wild pitch by Fossum . Ryan doubled to deep left , Molina and Stavinoha scored . Schumaker grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Thames doubled to deep center . Sheffield homered to left , Thames scored . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Renteria grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Granderson lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Fossum pitching for Tigers . Miles walked . Ludwick struck out swinging . Glaus grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Miles out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Polanco singled to right center . Guillen struck out swinging . Ordonez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Ankiel flied out to center . Molina grounded out to first . Stavinoha flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Thames walked . Sheffield flied out to left . Renteria reached on infield single to catcher , Thames to second . Rodriguez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Tigers 4 .	Cards jump on Rogers early in win vs. Tigers