Rockies - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Taveras fouled out to first . Helton walked . Holliday singled to right , Helton to second . Hawpe struck out swinging . Atkins grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Renteria singled to center . Polanco flied out to right . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Renteria out at second . Ordonez singled to right , Guillen to third . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Spilborghs flied out to center . Baker struck out swinging . Iannetta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Thames singled to left . Sheffield popped out to shortstop . Rodriguez flied out to left . Granderson walked , Thames to second . Renteria lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Tulowitzki doubled to deep right . Raburn in right field . Taveras reached on bunt single to pitcher , Tulowitzki to third . Taveras caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Helton grounded out to third . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Polanco singled to left . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco to second . Raburn reached on bunt single to pitcher , Polanco to third , Guillen to second , Polanco scored , Guillen to third , Raburn to second on throwing error by pitcher Francis . Cabrera popped out to second . Thames struck out swinging . Sheffield struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Hawpe flied out to right . Atkins struck out swinging . Spilborghs flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Rodriguez singled to center . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rodriguez out at second . Renteria singled to center , Granderson to second . Polanco popped out to second . Guillen walked , Granderson to third , Renteria to second . Raburn homered to left , Granderson , Renteria and Guillen scored . Cabrera singled to center . Thames popped out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Baker walked . Iannetta singled to left , Baker to second . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Iannetta out at second , Baker to third . Taveras singled to center , Baker scored , Tulowitzki to second . Helton flied out to center . Holliday walked , Tulowitzki to third , Taveras to second . Hawpe struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Sheffield flied out to right . Rodriguez doubled to left . Granderson grounded out to pitcher . Renteria singled to left , Rodriguez thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Atkins grounded out to pitcher . Spilborghs walked . Baker flied out to right . Miner pitching for Tigers . Iannetta reached on infield single to shortstop , Spilborghs to second , Spilborghs to third on throwing error by shortstop Renteria . Tulowitzki walked , Iannetta to second . Taveras reached on infield single to shortstop , Spilborghs scored , Iannetta to third , Tulowitzki to second . Helton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Guillen grounded out to third . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Holliday struck out swinging . Hawpe singled to shallow left . Atkins flied into double play , center to second , Hawpe doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Cabrera flied out to right . Thames singled to left . Thomas ran for Thames . Sheffield grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Thomas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Thomas in left field . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Spilborghs struck out swinging . Baker grounded out to third . Iannetta walked . Tulowitzki popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Granderson struck out swinging . Renteria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Taveras grounded out to third . Helton doubled to deep right . Holliday singled to right center , Helton scored . Hawpe grounded out to second , Holliday to second . Atkins walked . Barmes ran for Atkins . Spilborghs singled to left , Holliday scored , Barmes to second . Baker singled to left , Barmes scored , Spilborghs to second . Iannetta doubled to deep right , Spilborghs scored , Baker to third . Dolsi pitching for Tigers . Tulowitzki walked . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tulowitzki out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Barmes at third base . Quintanilla at second base . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Polanco singled to left . Guillen flied out to center . Raburn walked , Polanco to second . Cabrera doubled to deep right center , Polanco and Raburn scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 6 - Tigers 7 .	Tigers rally in ninth