Tigers - Top 1st . Baker pitching for Twins . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco flied out to right . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Gomez walked . Casilla reached on bunt single to pitcher , Gomez to second . Gomez to third , Casilla to second on wild pitch by Robertson . Redmond grounded into double play , first to catcher , Gomez out at home , Casilla to third . Morneau grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Baker pitching for Twins . Thames grounded out to third . Joyce struck out swinging . Sheffield flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Monroe singled to left . Young walked , Monroe to second . Harris struck out looking . Punto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Baker pitching for Twins . Thomas popped out to third . Renteria grounded out to second . Rodriguez singled to right . Granderson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Span grounded out to third . Gomez singled to left . Casilla grounded into double play , second to first , Gomez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Baker pitching for Twins . Polanco grounded out to second . Guillen singled to center . Thames singled to left , Guillen to third . Guillen scored , Thames to second on wild pitch by Baker . Joyce struck out swinging . Sheffield struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Redmond singled to right . Morneau singled to center , Redmond to second . Monroe homered to center , Redmond and Morneau scored . Young flied out to center . Harris struck out swinging . Punto struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Baker pitching for Twins . Thomas popped out to shortstop . Renteria singled to center . Rodriguez flied out to center . Granderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Span doubled to right . Gomez reached on bunt single to third , Span to third . Casilla doubled to left , Span scored , Gomez to third . Redmond singled to center , Gomez and Casilla scored . Morneau singled to right center , Redmond to second . Miner pitching for Tigers . Monroe fouled out to left . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Morneau out at second , Redmond to third . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Baker pitching for Twins . Polanco lined out to second . Guillen singled to right . Thames homered to left , Guillen scored . Joyce flied out to right . Sheffield singled to center . Thomas popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Punto fouled out to left . Span walked . Span stole second . Gomez walked . Casilla walked , Span to third , Gomez to second . Redmond grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Span out at home . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Bass pitching for Twins . Renteria grounded out to third . Rodriguez singled to right . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rodriguez out at second . Polanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Morneau doubled to deep left center . Monroe walked . Seay pitching for Tigers . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Monroe out at second , Morneau to third . Harris grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Bass pitching for Twins . Guillen singled to right center . Thames struck out swinging . Joyce grounded out to second , Guillen to second . Sheffield doubled to deep left center , Guillen scored . Reyes pitching for Twins . Cabrera hit for Thomas . Cabrera lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Raburn in left field . Seay pitching for Tigers . Punto reached on infield single to shortstop . Span sacrificed to pitcher , Punto to second . Gomez flied out to center . Casilla reached on infield single to third , Punto tagged out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Renteria flied out to center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Granderson lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 4 - Twins 6 .	Twins continue hot play , top Tigers to win 12 of 14