Indians - Top 1st . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Sizemore grounded out to first . Carroll reached on infield single to shortstop . Francisco walked , Carroll to second . Peralta doubled to deep left , Carroll scored , Francisco to third . Blake hit sacrifice fly to right , Francisco scored , Peralta to third . Choo singled to right , Peralta scored . Garko grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Byrd pitching for Indians . Granderson singled to deep left center . Thomas walked , Granderson to second . Guillen flied out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . Joyce grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Marte doubled to deep left . Fasano bunt grounded out to pitcher . Sizemore singled to center , Marte scored . Carroll grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sizemore out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Sheffield singled to center . Renteria lined out to left . Santiago singled to center , Sheffield to third . Sardinha struck out swinging . Granderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Francisco singled to left . Peralta grounded into double play , third to second to first , Francisco out at second . Blake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Thomas struck out swinging . Guillen flied out to center . Cabrera singled to left . Joyce singled to center , Cabrera to second . Sheffield popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Choo flied out to left . Garko lined out to right . Marte singled to center . Fasano singled to right , Marte to third . Sizemore singled to center , Marte scored , Fasano to second . Fossum pitching for Tigers . Carroll grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Renteria flied out to center . Santiago lined out to shortstop . Sardinha grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Fossum pitching for Tigers . Francisco walked . Peralta hit ground rule double to deep center , Francisco to third . Blake intentionally walked . Choo struck out looking . Garko struck out swinging . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Granderson struck out swinging . Thomas popped out to second . Guillen lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Fossum pitching for Tigers . Fasano doubled to deep left . Sizemore reached on infield single to second , Fasano to third . Carroll safe at first on error by third baseman Guillen , Fasano scored , Sizemore to third . Francisco popped out to shortstop . Peralta struck out looking . Blake struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Cabrera grounded out to second . Joyce doubled to right . Sheffield flied out to center . Renteria singled to center , Joyce scored . Renteria stole second , Renteria safe at third on throwing error by catcher Fasano . Santiago grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 7th . Fossum pitching for Tigers . Choo flied out to left . Garko popped out to first . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Sardinha singled to left . Granderson singled to right , Sardinha to second . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Thomas walked , Sardinha to third , Granderson to second . Guillen doubled to left , Sardinha and Granderson scored , Thomas to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Thomas scored , Guillen to third . Joyce homered to right , Guillen scored . Mujica pitching for Indians . Sheffield singled to left . Renteria grounded into double play , third to second to first , Sheffield out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Polanco at second base . Santiago at shortstop . Fasano singled to left . Gutierrez ran for Fasano . Sizemore flied out to left , Gutierrez to second . Carroll walked . Francisco lined out to center . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Shoppach catching . Mujica pitching for Indians . Santiago bunt grounded out to second . Sardinha struck out swinging . Perez pitching for Indians . Granderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Blake doubled to right . Choo grounded out to second , Blake to third . Garko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blake out at home . Velandia ran for Garko . Marte grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Thames hit for Thomas . Lewis pitching for Indians . Thames singled to left . Guillen fouled out to catcher . Cabrera homered to left , Thames scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 6 - Tigers 8 .	Cabrera 's blast buries reeling Tribe in 9th