Tigers - Top 1st . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Granderson grounded out to second . Polanco flied out to right . Guillen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Miner pitching for Tigers . DeJesus flied out to center . Aviles singled to left . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Aviles out at second . Guillen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Cabrera singled to right center . Joyce grounded out to second , Cabrera to second . Sheffield grounded out to second , Cabrera to third . Thames grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Miner pitching for Tigers . Grudzielanek flied out to center . Gordon flied out to center . Gload flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Rodriguez singled to right center . Renteria grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at second . Granderson walked , Renteria to second . Polanco struck out swinging . Guillen singled to right , Renteria scored , Granderson to second , Granderson to third on throwing error by right fielder Guillen . Cabrera singled to right , Granderson scored , Guillen to second . Joyce homered to center , Guillen and Cabrera scored . Sheffield struck out looking . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Miner pitching for Tigers . Buck flied out to right . Gathright singled to left . Gathright stole second . DeJesus walked . Aviles grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeJesus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Thames struck out swinging . Rodriguez flied out to right . Renteria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Butler grounded out to third . Guillen struck out swinging . Grudzielanek reached on infield single to shortstop . Gordon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Granderson reached on infield single to pitcher . Polanco flied out to left . Guillen singled to right , Granderson to third . Cabrera doubled to deep left center , Granderson and Guillen scored . Joyce struck out swinging . Sheffield grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Gload lined out to center . Buck grounded out to shortstop . Gathright grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Thames struck out swinging . Rodriguez walked . Renteria popped out to second . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Raburn in left field . Miner pitching for Tigers . DeJesus flied out to center . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . Butler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Guillen walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . Joyce tripled to deep right , Guillen scored . Sheffield walked . Raburn walked , Sheffield to second . Gobble pitching for Royals . Rodriguez walked , Joyce scored , Sheffield to third , Raburn to second . Renteria grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Dolsi pitching for Tigers . Guillen grounded out to second . Pena hit for Grudzielanek . Pena flied out to right . Gordon walked . Gload flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Aviles at second base . Pena at shortstop . Gobble pitching for Royals . Granderson singled to right . Polanco singled to left , Granderson to second . Santiago ran for Polanco . Guillen doubled to deep left , Granderson scored , Santiago to third . Santiago scored , Guillen to third on wild pitch by Gobble . Cabrera singled to right , Guillen scored . Joyce singled to center , Cabrera to second . Sheffield homered to left , Cabrera and Joyce scored . Raburn flied out to center . Rodriguez popped out to shortstop . Renteria walked . Granderson singled to left , Renteria to second . Santiago walked , Renteria to third , Granderson to second . Guillen walked , Renteria scored , Granderson to third , Santiago to second . Nunez pitching for Royals . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Granderson and Santiago scored , Guillen to third . Joyce singled to center , Guillen scored , Cabrera to third . Sheffield grounded out to third . 10 Runs , 9 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Santiago at second base . Dolsi pitching for Tigers . Buck hit ground rule double to deep center . Gathright singled to center , Buck scored . DeJesus singled to left center , Gathright to third . Gathright scored , DeJesus to second on wild pitch by Dolsi . Aviles doubled to deep center , DeJesus to third . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Butler singled to right , DeJesus and Aviles scored . Guillen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Butler out at second . Pena flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Aviles at shortstop . German at second base . Pena pitching for Royals . Raburn grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez struck out looking . Renteria flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Gordon flied out to left . Gload lined out to center . Buck singled to left center . Gathright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 19 - Royals 4 .	Royally embarrassed : Tigers obliterate K.C. 19 - 4