Tigers - Top 1st . Sowers pitching for Indians . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco doubled to left . Polanco to third on wild pitch by Sowers . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop , Polanco scored . Cabrera singled to right . Sheffield doubled to left , Cabrera to third . Raburn grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Sizemore struck out looking . Carroll hit by pitch . Choo walked , Carroll to second . Carroll to third , Choo to second on wild pitch by Verlander . Peralta grounded out to shortstop , Carroll scored , Choo to third . Hafner flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Sowers pitching for Indians . Renteria singled to left . Inge walked , Renteria to second . Ryan struck out swinging . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Inge out at second , Renteria to third . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Granderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Shoppach doubled to deep center . Garko grounded out to first , Shoppach to third . Gutierrez walked . Shoppach scored , Gutierrez to second on balk by Verlander . Cabrera fouled out to first . Sizemore struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Sowers pitching for Indians . Ordonez walked . Cabrera flied out to left . Sheffield grounded into double play , second to first , Ordonez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Carroll flied out to right . Choo singled to center . Choo to second on wild pitch by Verlander . Peralta struck out swinging . Choo to third on wild pitch by Verlander . Hafner intentionally walked . Shoppach popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Sowers pitching for Indians . Raburn popped out to second . Renteria grounded out to third . Inge doubled to deep right . Ryan popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Garko singled to center . Gutierrez flied out to left . Cabrera struck out looking . Sizemore singled to right , Garko to second . Carroll walked , Garko to third , Sizemore to second . Choo singled to right , Garko and Sizemore scored , Carroll to third . Peralta flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Sowers pitching for Indians . Granderson flied out to center . Polanco flied out to right . Ordonez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Lambert pitching for Tigers . Hafner flied out to left . Shoppach grounded out to first . Garko singled to center . Gutierrez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Sowers pitching for Indians . Cabrera struck out looking . Sheffield flied out to left . Raburn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Lambert pitching for Tigers . Cabrera singled to center . Sizemore doubled to right , Cabrera to third . Carroll struck out swinging . Choo intentionally walked . Peralta grounded into double play , second to first , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Renteria flied out to center . Inge struck out swinging . Ryan reached on infield single to second . Perez pitching for Indians . Granderson homered to center , Ryan scored . Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop . Ordonez lined out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Lambert pitching for Tigers . Hafner popped out to third . Shoppach walked . Garko singled to right , Shoppach to second . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garko out at second , Shoppach to third . Seay pitching for Tigers . Gutierrez stole second . Cabrera singled to center , Shoppach and Gutierrez scored . Sizemore flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Donnelly pitching for Indians . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Sheffield singled to deep right center . Joyce hit for Raburn . Joyce struck out looking . Renteria flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Joyce in left field . Seay pitching for Tigers . Carroll singled to right , Carroll to second on error by right fielder Ordonez . Choo flied out to right , Carroll to third . Peralta intentionally walked . Hafner struck out swinging . Shoppach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 9th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Inge struck out swinging . Larish hit for Ryan . Larish doubled to deep left center . Granderson grounded out to first , Larish to third . Polanco walked . Ordonez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - Indians 6 .	Choo continues hot streak as Indians down Tigers