Angels - Top 1st . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Escobar singled to right . Gentry struck out swinging . Trout walked , Escobar to second . Pujols walked , Escobar to third , Trout to second . Calhoun singled to right , Escobar scored , Trout to third , Pujols to second , Trout scored , Pujols to third , Calhoun to second on throwing error by first baseman Abreu . Simmons singled to right , Pujols scored , Calhoun to third . Soto singled to left center , Calhoun scored , Simmons to second . Cron singled to right , Simmons to third , Soto to second . Giavotella singled to right , Simmons scored , Soto to third , Cron to second . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Giavotella out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Santiago pitching for Angels . Eaton grounded out to shortstop . Rollins walked . Abreu singled to right , Rollins to second . Frazier flied out to right . Cabrera lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Gentry grounded out to catcher . Trout struck out looking . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Santiago pitching for Angels . Lawrie struck out swinging . García struck out swinging . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Calhoun reached on infield single to shortstop . Simmons reached on infield single to shortstop , Calhoun to second . Soto sacrificed to pitcher , Calhoun to third , Simmons to second . Cron singled to left , Calhoun scored , Simmons to third . Giavotella flied out to right . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cron out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Santiago pitching for Angels . Jackson struck out swinging . Eaton grounded out to second . Rollins walked . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rollins out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Gentry grounded out to shortstop . Trout grounded out to third . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Santiago pitching for Angels . Frazier struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to right . Lawrie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Calhoun struck out looking . Simmons grounded out to first . Soto grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Santiago pitching for Angels . García struck out swinging . Navarro struck out swinging . Jackson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Cron lined out to center . Giavotella flied out to left . Escobar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Santiago pitching for Angels . Eaton hit ground rule double to deep center . Rollins struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . Frazier walked . Cabrera popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Gentry grounded out to third . Trout singled to right . Pujols popped out to first . Trout to second on passed ball by Navarro . Calhoun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Santiago pitching for Angels . Lawrie struck out swinging . García flied out to center . Navarro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Simmons doubled to right . Soto singled to left , Simmons to third . Cron singled to right , Simmons scored , Soto to second . Giavotella flied out to right , Soto to third . Escobar flied out to right . Gentry grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Mahle pitching for Angels . Jackson flied out to left . Eaton grounded out to first . Rollins doubled to right . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Duke pitching for White Sox . Trout grounded out to third . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Morin pitching for Angels . Frazier popped out to second . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Saladino hit for Lawrie . Saladino popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - White Sox 0 .	Hector Santiago pitches Angels to 7 - 0 win over White Sox