Cardinals - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Angels . Carpenter grounded out to shortstop . Piscotty lined out to left . Holliday popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Escobar singled to center . Calhoun grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Escobar out at second . Trout grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Adams struck out looking . Molina flied out to right . Hazelbaker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Pujols grounded out to pitcher . Nava popped out to shortstop . Cron lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Grichuk struck out looking . Wong struck out swinging . Díaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Giavotella lined out to first . Pérez struck out swinging . Pennington singled to left . Escobar doubled to center , Pennington to third . Calhoun singled to shallow left , Pennington and Escobar scored . Trout walked , Calhoun to second . Pujols grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Carpenter grounded out to first . Piscotty flied out to left . Holliday homered to right center ( 381 feet ) . Adams reached on infield single to third . Molina doubled to left , Adams to third . Hazelbaker singled to left , Adams and Molina scored , Hazelbaker to second advancing on throw . Grichuk struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Nava homered to right center ( 388 feet ) . Cron doubled to left . Giavotella reached on infield single to third . Pérez sacrificed to third , Cron to third , Giavotella to second . Pennington singled to right , Cron scored , Giavotella to third . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Giavotella scored , Pennington out at second . Calhoun struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Wong singled to center . Díaz reached on infield single to third , Wong to second . Carpenter homered to right ( 381 feet ) , Wong and Díaz scored . Piscotty singled to left center . Ryan at shortstop . Holliday homered to center ( 415 feet ) , Piscotty scored . Mahle pitching for Angels . Adams popped out to third . Molina walked . Hazelbaker grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Molina out at second . Grichuk singled to left , Hazelbaker to second . Wong walked , Hazelbaker to third , Grichuk to second . Díaz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wong out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Trout reached on infield single to second . Pujols struck out swinging . Nava singled to shallow right , Trout to second , Trout scored , Nava to third on error by right fielder Piscotty . Cron doubled to deep right center , Nava scored . Giavotella popped out to first . Pérez flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Mahle pitching for Angels . Carpenter singled to center . Guerra pitching for Angels . Piscotty walked , Carpenter to second . Holliday walked , Carpenter to third , Piscotty to second . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Adams singled to center , Carpenter and Piscotty scored , Holliday to third . Molina lined out to center . Hazelbaker struck out looking . Grichuk grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Adams out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Ryan struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to third . Calhoun grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Rasmus pitching for Angels . Wong grounded out to second . Díaz singled to right . Díaz caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Carpenter walked . Piscotty struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Trout struck out swinging . Pujols singled to center . Nava grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at second . Cron lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Rasmus pitching for Angels . Holliday singled to right . Adams struck out swinging . Molina singled to right center , Holliday to second . Hazelbaker grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Molina out at second , Holliday to third . Hazelbaker stole second . Grichuk walked . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Wong grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Giavotella grounded out to first . Pérez struck out swinging . Ryan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Soto at third base . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Díaz flied out to right . Carpenter struck out swinging . Piscotty safe at first on error by first baseman Cron . Holliday singled to right , Piscotty to second . Adams singled to right , Piscotty scored , Holliday to second . Molina singled to right , Holliday scored , Adams to second , Adams to third , Molina to second on throwing error by right fielder Calhoun . Salas pitching for Angels . Hazelbaker flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Soto doubled to left . Calhoun singled to right center , Soto scored . Trout lined out to shortstop . Pujols homered to center ( 397 feet ) , Calhoun scored . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Nava walked . Cron walked , Nava to second . Giavotella walked , Nava to third , Cron to second . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Pérez struck out looking . Robinson hit for Ryan . Robinson fouled out to catcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 12 - Angels 10 .	Holliday homers twice , Cardinals complete sweep of Angels