Angels - Top 1st . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Escobar doubled to left . Calhoun singled to right , Escobar scored , Calhoun to second advancing on throw . Trout flied out to center . Pujols struck out looking . Cron flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Santiago pitching for Angels . Odor reached on bunt single to first . Odor stole second , Odor safe at third on throwing error by catcher Bandy . Desmond grounded out to shortstop , Odor scored . Fielder struck out swinging . Beltré grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 2nd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Giavotella doubled to deep left . Ortega walked . Bandy doubled to deep left center , Giavotella scored , Ortega to third . Petit grounded out to second , Ortega scored , Bandy to third . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center , Bandy scored . Calhoun flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Santiago pitching for Angels . Mazara homered to right ( 453 feet ) . Rua reached on infield single to shortstop . Moreland walked , Rua to second . Andrus singled to left , Rua scored , Moreland to second . Wilson sacrificed to third , Moreland to third , Andrus to second . Odor grounded out to second , Moreland scored , Andrus to third . Desmond struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Trout lined out to left . Pujols flied out to center . Cron flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Santiago pitching for Angels . Fielder walked . Beltré doubled to deep left center , Fielder to third . Mazara grounded out to pitcher . Morin pitching for Angels . Rua singled to center , Fielder and Beltré scored . Rua to second on balk by Morin . Moreland doubled to second , Rua scored . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Wilson singled to left , Moreland thrown out at home . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Giavotella grounded out to third . Ortega flied out to center . Bandy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Guerra pitching for Angels . Odor grounded out to first . Desmond lined out to right . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Petit flied out to center . Escobar singled to center . Calhoun singled to left center , Escobar to third . Trout hit sacrifice fly to right , Escobar scored . Pujols popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Guerra pitching for Angels . Beltré grounded out to shortstop . Mazara grounded out to pitcher . Rua grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Cron singled to right . Giavotella singled to left , Cron to second . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Ortega singled to center , Cron to third , Giavotella to second . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Bandy hit sacrifice fly to center , Cron scored . Petit lined out to right . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ortega out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Guerra pitching for Angels . Moreland lined out to center . Andrus singled to right center . Wilson singled to shallow left , Andrus to third . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Andrus scored , Wilson to second . Desmond singled to center , Wilson to third , Odor to second . Mahle pitching for Angels . Fielder walked , Wilson scored , Odor to third , Desmond to second . Beltré struck out looking . Mazara singled to shallow left center , Odor and Desmond scored , Fielder to second , Fielder to third , Mazara to second on throwing error by left fielder Ortega . Rua intentionally walked . Moreland batting . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 7th . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Calhoun lined out to right . Trout grounded out to shortstop . Pujols grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Mahle pitching for Angels . Andrus flied out to right . Wilson singled to center . Odor hit by pitch , Wilson to second . Desmond reached on infield single to pitcher , Wilson to third , Odor to second . Fielder struck out looking . Beltré singled to left , Wilson and Odor scored , Desmond to second . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Mazara grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Cron reached on infield single to second . Giavotella singled to center , Cron to second . Ortega homered to right center ( 396 feet ) , Cron and Giavotella scored . Bush pitching for Rangers . Bandy singled to left . Pérez ran for Bandy . Petit lined out to left . Escobar flied out to right . Calhoun singled to right , Pérez to second . Trout flied out to center . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Pérez catching . Alvarez pitching for Angels . Rua doubled to right . Rua to third on wild pitch by Álvarez . Moreland struck out swinging . Andrus intentionally walked . Wilson singled to right center , Rua scored , Andrus to third . Odor hit sacrifice fly to left , Andrus scored . Desmond singled to right , Wilson to second . Fielder flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Dyson pitching for Rangers . Pujols struck out swinging . Cron grounded out to shortstop . Giavotella grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 9 - Rangers 15 .	Mazara hits long homer as Rangers beat Angels 15 - 9