Angels - Top 1st . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Escobar struck out swinging . Calhoun lined out to center . Trout struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Huff pitching for Angels . Gardner reached on infield single to second . Refsnyder grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gardner out at second . Beltrán homered to left center ( 411 feet ) , Refsnyder scored . Rodriguez singled to left . Castro singled to left , Rodriguez to second . Headley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at third , Castro to second . Romine singled to left center , Castro scored , Headley to second , Headley to third , Romine to second on throwing error by left fielder Ortega . Gregorius flied out to left . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 2nd . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Cron flied out to right . Giavotella walked . Ortega grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Huff pitching for Angels . Hicks doubled to left . Gardner sacrificed to first , Hicks to third , Gardner safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Huff . Hicks to third on throwing error by pitcher Huff . Refsnyder hit sacrifice fly to right , Hicks scored . Beltrán grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gardner out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 3rd . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Pérez lined out to center . Petit doubled to deep center . Escobar grounded out to third , Petit to third . Calhoun flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Huff pitching for Angels . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Castro homered to right ( 332 feet ) . Headley grounded out to third . Romine grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Trout walked . Pujols flied out to right . Cron flied out to center . Giavotella flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Huff pitching for Angels . Gregorius grounded out to second . Hicks reached on infield single to shortstop . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hicks out at second . Refsnyder walked , Gardner to second . Morin pitching for Angels . Beltrán struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Ortega doubled to deep center . Pérez grounded out to second , Ortega to third . Petit singled to left center , Ortega scored . Escobar lined out to shortstop . Calhoun homered to right ( 343 feet ) , Petit scored . Trout grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Morin pitching for Angels . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Castro flied out to right . Headley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Pujols fouled out to catcher . Cron grounded out to second . Giavotella grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Morin pitching for Angels . Romine grounded out to pitcher . Mahle pitching for Angels . Gregorius singled to shallow left center . Hicks grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gregorius out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Ortega grounded out to first . Pérez struck out swinging . Petit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Mahle pitching for Angels . Gardner walked . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Ellsbury hit for Refsnyder . Ellsbury struck out looking . Beltrán struck out looking , Gardner stole second . Rodriguez singled to right center , Gardner scored . Castro flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Parmelee at first base . Betances pitching for Yankees . Ellsbury in center field . Parmelee at first base . Hicks in right field . Escobar struck out swinging . Calhoun struck out looking . Trout flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Salas pitching for Angels . Headley grounded out to shortstop . Romine grounded out to third . Gregorius grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Miller pitching for Yankees . Pujols grounded out to first . Cron doubled to left . Giavotella grounded out to second , Cron to third . Marte hit for Ortega . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 3 - Yankees 6 .	Beltran , Castro power Pineda and Yankees past Angels 6 - 3