Twins - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Angels . Núñez singled to center . Núñez stole second . Grossman struck out looking . Núñez to third on balk by Weaver . Mauer singled to right , Núñez scored . Plouffe struck out swinging . Dozier grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Nolasco pitching for Twins . Escobar flied out to center . Calhoun struck out looking . Trout singled to center . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Park struck out swinging . Kepler struck out swinging . Suzuki singled to left . Buxton lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Twins . Giavotella singled to center . Cunningham grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Giavotella out at second . Petit singled to left , Cunningham to third . Pérez struck out swinging . Robinson reached on infield single to shortstop , Cunningham scored , Petit to second , Petit to third on error by third baseman Plouffe . Escobar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 3rd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Núñez flied out to center . Grossman walked . Mauer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Grossman safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Giavotella . Plouffe homered to left ( 399 feet ) , Grossman and Mauer scored . Dozier flied out to center . Park walked . Kepler popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Twins . Calhoun struck out swinging . Trout flied out to center . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Suzuki popped out to second . Buxton flied out to center . Núñez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Nolasco pitching for Twins . Giavotella singled to left . Cunningham doubled to right center , Giavotella to third . Petit hit sacrifice fly to center , Giavotella scored , Cunningham to third . Pérez grounded out to first , Cunningham scored . Robinson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Grossman singled to right . Mauer singled to right , Grossman to third . Plouffe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Grossman scored , Mauer out at second . Dozier doubled to left . Park grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Nolasco pitching for Twins . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Calhoun struck out looking . Trout grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Kepler grounded out to first . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Buxton homered to left ( 342 feet ) . Núñez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Nolasco pitching for Twins . Pujols grounded out to third . Giavotella doubled to right center . Cunningham walked . Petit grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cunningham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Alburquerque pitching for Angels . Grossman homered to center ( 400 feet ) . Mauer safe at first on error by shortstop Petit . Plouffe grounded out to catcher , Mauer to second . Dozier walked . Park grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mauer to third , Dozier safe at second on error by shortstop Petit . Kepler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mauer scored , Park out at second , Dozier to third . Suzuki singled to right , Dozier scored , Kepler to third . Buxton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Pressly pitching for Twins . Pérez grounded out to pitcher . Robinson struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Achter pitching for Angels . Núñez flied out to left . Grossman flied out to left . Mauer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Boshers pitching for Twins . Calhoun flied out to left . Trout flied out to center . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Cron at first base . Ryan at shortstop . Cunningham in right field . Marte in left field . Achter pitching for Angels . Plouffe walked . Dozier struck out swinging . Park struck out swinging . Kepler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Ramirez pitching for Twins . Giavotella homered to left ( 398 feet ) . Cunningham flied out to left . Marte struck out swinging . Pérez popped out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 9 - Angels 4 .	Twins pound Angels 9 - 4 in their highest - scoring game of year