Marlins - Top 1st. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Castillo grounded out to third. Pierre grounded out to catcher. Encarnacion walked. Encarnacion stole second. Lee lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Penny pitching for Marlins. Furcal singled to center. Furcal stole second. Fick walked. Sheffield walked, Furcal to third, Fick to second. Jones singled to center, Furcal and Fick scored, Sheffield to second. Jones doubled to deep right center, Jones and Sheffield scored. Lopez struck out swinging. Castilla flied out to center, Jones to third. Giles intentionally walked. Ramirez grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Lowell singled to shallow right. Gonzalez doubled to left, Lowell to third. Williams grounded out to second, Lowell scored, Gonzalez to third. Redmond hit sacrifice fly to right, Gonzalez scored. Penny grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Penny pitching for Marlins. Furcal singled to right. Fick singled to right, Furcal to third. Sheffield popped out to first. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fick out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Castillo flied out to deep right. Pierre singled to right. Pierre caught stealing second, catcher to second. Encarnacion singled to right. Lee singled to center, Encarnacion to third. Lowell singled to right center, Encarnacion scored, Lee to third. Gonzalez walked, Lowell to second. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lowell out at third, Gonzalez to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Penny pitching for Marlins. Jones struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to third. Castilla doubled to deep right center. Giles intentionally walked. Ramirez singled to left, Castilla scored, Giles to third, Ramirez to second advancing on throw. Furcal reached on infield single to pitcher, Giles scored, Ramirez to third. Fick flied out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Redmond safe at first on error by third baseman Castilla. Penny sacrificed to catcher, Redmond to second. Castillo safe at first on error by shortstop Furcal, Redmond to third, Redmond scored, Castillo to second on throwing error by shortstop Furcal. Pierre lined out to second. Encarnacion popped out to shallow right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Penny pitching for Marlins. Sheffield grounded out to third. Jones struck out looking. Jones popped out to shallow right center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Lee flied out to right center. Lowell grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Penny pitching for Marlins. Lopez struck out swinging. Castilla struck out swinging. Giles walked. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Williams fouled out to right. Mordecai hit for Penny. Redmond flied out to right. Almanza pitching for Marlins. Mordecai flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Almanza pitching for Marlins. Furcal doubled to deep right. Fick homered to right, Furcal scored. Sheffield walked. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sheffield out at second. Jones homered to center. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Lopez safe at first on error by shortstop Gonzalez. King pitching for Braves. Castilla grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lopez out at second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. King pitching for Braves. Castillo grounded out to third. Pierre grounded out to second. Encarnacion singled to left. Lee flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Franco hit for King. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Giles struck out swinging. Franco lined out to first. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Furcal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Lowell flied out to center. Gonzalez flied out to left center. Williams grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Fick walked. Sheffield homered to right center, Fick scored. Jones singled to center. Neal pitching for Marlins. Jones doubled to left, Jones scored. Lopez lined out to shortstop. Castilla flied out to right, Jones to third. Bragg hit for Hernandez. Giles walked. Bragg singled to center, Jones scored, Giles to second. Furcal walked, Giles to third, Bragg to second. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Fick popped out to shallow right. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Fox hit for Neal. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Redmond doubled to right center. Fox grounded out to second, Redmond to third. Castillo flied out to shallow center. Pierre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Braves 13.	Braves bounce back from big loss by ripping Marlins