Phillies - Top 1st. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Rollins grounded out to pitcher. Bell flied out to right. Abreu grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Duckworth pitching for Phillies. Furcal hit ground rule double to deep left. Giles singled to center, Furcal to third. Sheffield hit by pitch, Giles to second. Jones singled to center, Furcal and Giles scored, Sheffield to second. Franco sacrificed to third, Sheffield to third, Jones to second. Estrada grounded out to shortstop, Sheffield scored. Castilla tripled to deep right center, Jones scored. Bragg flied out to left. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Burrell grounded out to first. Thome walked. Ledee flied out to left center. Pratt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Duckworth pitching for Phillies. Reynolds grounded out to third. Furcal safe at first on error by pitcher Duckworth. Giles doubled to right, Furcal to third. Sheffield intentionally walked. Jones walked, Furcal scored, Giles to third, Sheffield to second. Roa pitching for Phillies. Franco doubled to right, Giles and Sheffield scored, Jones to third. Estrada hit by pitch. Castilla grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Jones out at home. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Perez grounded out to third. Roa grounded out to second. Rollins lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Roa pitching for Phillies. Bragg grounded out to first. Reynolds struck out swinging. Furcal singled to center. Giles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Bell bunt popped out foul to catcher. Abreu grounded out to second. Burrell grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Roa pitching for Phillies. Sheffield flied out to center. Jones singled to right. Franco singled to left, Jones to second. Estrada grounded out to first, Jones to third, Franco to second. Castilla grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Thome flied out to center. Ledee flied out to deep right. Pratt singled to shallow right. Perez popped out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Roa pitching for Phillies. Bragg struck out looking. Reynolds grounded out to second. Furcal grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Michaels hit for Roa. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Michaels flied out to center. Rollins flied out to right. Wendell pitching for Phillies. Bell grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Wendell pitching for Phillies. Giles grounded out to third. Sheffield grounded out to third. Jones walked. Franco doubled to left, Jones to third. Estrada flied out to deep left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Abreu fouled out to left. Burrell flied out to left center. Thome walked. Ledee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thome out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Adams pitching for Phillies. Castilla popped out to shallow right. Bragg walked. Reynolds struck out swinging. Furcal walked, Bragg to second. Giles grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Pratt flied out to right. Perez safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Franco. Houston hit for Adams. Houston doubled to right center, Perez scored. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Rollins singled to left, Houston to third. Bell walked, Rollins to second. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Abreu grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bell out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Sheffield flied out to right. Jones singled to right. Franco popped out to third. Estrada safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Perez, Jones to second. Castilla singled to center, Jones scored, Estrada to third. Bragg flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. King pitching for Braves. Burrell grounded out to shortstop. Thome singled to left. Ledee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thome out at second. Pratt singled to shallow right, Ledee to second. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pratt out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 1 - Braves 8.	Braves' Reynolds continues to excel with latest win