Braves - Top 1st. Myers pitching for Phillies. Furcal struck out swinging. Giles grounded out to shortstop. Sheffield grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Abreu struck out swinging. Polanco singled to left. Thome walked, Polanco to second. Burrell lined into double play, shortstop to second, Polanco doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Jones singled to center. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second. Fick doubled to deep right, Jones to third. Lopez intentionally walked. Castilla grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Lieberthal flied out to deep left. Rollins hit ground rule double to left. Rollins caught stealing third, catcher to third. Bell walked. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Reynolds flied out to right. Furcal grounded out to third. Giles singled to right. Sheffield struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Myers grounded out to shortstop. Abreu singled to center. Polanco singled to right, Abreu to second. Thome popped out to shallow right. Burrell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Jones flied out to center. Jones grounded out to third. Fick lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Lieberthal singled to center. Rollins singled to center, Lieberthal to second. Bell grounded out to pitcher, Lieberthal to third, Rollins to second. Byrd walked. Myers grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lieberthal out at home, Rollins to third, Byrd to second, Rollins scored, Byrd to third on throwing error by catcher Lopez. Abreu walked, Myers to second. Polanco grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 5th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Castilla struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Thome walked. Burrell singled to left, Thome to second. Lieberthal singled to shallow right, Thome to third, Burrell to second. Rollins doubled to deep right, Thome and Burrell scored, Lieberthal to third. Bong pitching for Braves. Bell struck out looking. Byrd intentionally walked. Myers struck out swinging. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to second, Byrd out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Furcal doubled to deep left. Giles grounded out to shortstop, Furcal to third. Sheffield reached on infield single to third, Furcal scored. Jones homered to right, Sheffield scored. Jones grounded out to third. Fick doubled to right center. Lopez intentionally walked. Castilla walked, Fick to third, Lopez to second. Franco hit for Bong. Fick scored, Lopez to third, Castilla to second on wild pitch by Myers. Franco walked. Adams pitching for Phillies. Hodges pitching for Braves. Furcal grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Hodges pitching for Braves. Polanco flied out to left center. Thome walked. Burrell doubled to left, Thome to third. Lieberthal hit sacrifice fly to center, Thome scored. Burrell to third on wild pitch by Hodges. Rollins intentionally walked. Rollins stole second. Bell struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Adams pitching for Phillies. Giles flied out to center. Sheffield fouled out to catcher. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Ledee hit for Adams. Hodges pitching for Braves. Byrd grounded out to pitcher. King pitching for Braves. Michaels hit for Ledee. Michaels grounded out to second. Wendell pitching for Phillies. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Wendell pitching for Phillies. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Fick walked. Bragg ran for Fick. Holmes pitching for Braves. Franco at first base. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Bragg out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Holmes pitching for Braves. Polanco popped out to shallow right. Thome flied out to left center. Burrell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Wendell pitching for Phillies. Castilla popped out to catcher. Franco doubled to right. Furcal struck out swinging. Giles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Holmes pitching for Braves. Lieberthal singled to left. Punto ran for Lieberthal. Rollins reached on infield single to pitcher, Punto to second, Punto to third on throwing error by pitcher Holmes. Bell singled to left center, Punto scored, Rollins to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Braves 4 - Phillies 5.	Rollins leads Phillies with 4-for-4 night