Braves - Top 1st. Prior pitching for Cubs. Furcal struck out swinging. Giles struck out swinging. Jones flied out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Hampton pitching for Braves. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez doubled to left. Sosa reached on infield single to second. Alou lined out to left center. Karros singled to right, Gonzalez scored, Sosa to third. Hernandez struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Prior pitching for Cubs. Jones popped out to first. Fick walked. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Fick out at second. Castilla homered to left center, Lopez scored. Bragg grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Hampton pitching for Braves. Hubbard grounded out to third. Miller struck out swinging. Prior walked. Grudzielanek grounded into fielder's choice to second, Prior out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Prior pitching for Cubs. Hampton struck out swinging. Derosa hit for Giles. Furcal lined out to second. Derosa at second base. Derosa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Hampton pitching for Braves. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Sosa singled to center. Alou singled to left, Sosa to second. Karros flied out to left. Hernandez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Prior pitching for Cubs. Jones struck out looking. Jones singled to shallow center. Fick hit ground rule double to deep center, Jones to third. Lopez hit by pitch. Castilla singled to left, Jones and Fick scored, Lopez to second. Bragg walked, Lopez to third, Castilla to second. Hampton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bragg out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Hampton pitching for Braves. Hubbard flied out to right. Miller reached on infield single to shortstop, Miller to second on throwing error by shortstop Furcal. Prior grounded out to shortstop, Miller to third. Grudzielanek walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 5th. Prior pitching for Cubs. Furcal grounded out to second. Derosa doubled to deep center. Jones flied out to shallow left. Jones homered to left, Derosa scored. Fick walked. Farnsworth pitching for Cubs. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fick out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Hampton pitching for Braves. Sosa homered to center. Alou flied out to center. Karros singled to center. Hernandez struck out swinging. Hubbard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Karros out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Farnsworth pitching for Cubs. Castilla grounded out to shortstop. Bragg grounded out to first. Hampton walked. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hampton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Hampton pitching for Braves. Miller walked. O'Leary hit for Farnsworth. O'Leary struck out swinging. Grudzielanek grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Miller out at second. Remlinger pitching for Cubs. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Grudzielanek out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Remlinger pitching for Cubs. Derosa grounded out to pitcher. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Hampton pitching for Braves. Sosa homered to left. Alou grounded out to shortstop. Karros grounded out to pitcher. Hernandez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Remlinger pitching for Cubs. Fick walked. Lopez lined out to left. Castilla grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fick safe at second on error by second baseman Grudzielanek. Bragg struck out swinging. Hampton tripled to deep right, Fick and Castilla scored. Furcal popped out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Hampton pitching for Braves. Hubbard grounded out to shortstop. Martinez hit for Remlinger. Miller singled to shallow center. Martinez doubled to shallow center, Miller to third. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Grudzielanek doubled to left center, Miller and Martinez scored. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Sosa walked. Grudzielanek to third, Sosa to second on wild pitch by Gryboski. Martinez at shortstop. Borowski pitching for Cubs. Alou struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Borowski pitching for Cubs. Derosa doubled to shallow right. Jones singled to center, Derosa scored. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jones out at second. Holmes pitching for Braves. Fick grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Goodwin hit for Hernandez. Holmes pitching for Braves. Karros singled to right. Harris hit for Hubbard. Goodwin grounded into fielder's choice to third, Karros out at second. Harris grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Goodwin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 9 - Cubs 5.	Braves roll to eighth straight win with defeat of Cubs