Mets - Top 1st. Hampton pitching for Braves. Reyes struck out looking. Duncan grounded out to first. Phillips grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Seo pitching for Mets. Furcal flied out to center. Derosa walked. Sheffield singled to center, Derosa to second. Jones singled to right center, Derosa scored, Sheffield to third. Jones singled to left, Sheffield scored, Jones to second, Jones to third on error by left fielder Floyd. Fick walked, Jones to second. Lopez singled to left, Jones and Jones scored, Fick to second, Fick to third on error by left fielder Floyd. Castilla grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lopez out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Hampton pitching for Braves. Floyd grounded out to first. Wigginton struck out swinging. Cedeno grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Seo pitching for Mets. Hampton grounded out to pitcher. Furcal grounded out to first. Derosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Hampton pitching for Braves. Wilson fouled out to right. Sanchez singled to left. Seo reached on bunt single to first, Sanchez to second. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to first, Seo out at second, Sanchez to third. Duncan walked, Reyes to second. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Seo pitching for Mets. Sheffield singled to right center. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sheffield safe at third on error by second baseman Sanchez. Jones popped out to shallow left. Fick intentionally walked, Jones to second. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sheffield scored, Fick out at second, Jones to third. Castilla struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Top 4th. Hampton pitching for Braves. Floyd flied out to center. Wigginton singled to left. Cedeno flied out to right. Wilson lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Seo pitching for Mets. Hampton grounded out to third. Furcal grounded out to first. Derosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Bell hit for Seo. Hampton pitching for Braves. Sanchez grounded out to second. Bell walked. Reyes popped out to shallow right center. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Duncan grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bell out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Sheffield homered to left center. Jones singled to center. Jones flied out to right. Fick singled to right, Jones to second. Lopez singled to center, Jones scored, Fick to second. Castilla safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton, Fick to third, Lopez to second. Hampton grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Castilla out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 6th. Hampton pitching for Braves. Phillips singled to left center. Floyd grounded out to pitcher. Wigginton singled to left, Phillips to third. Cedeno struck out swinging. Wilson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Furcal flied out to right center. Derosa grounded out to third. Sheffield singled to left. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Franco at first base. Bragg in left field. Gonzalez hit for Feliciano. Hampton pitching for Braves. Sanchez popped out to shallow right center. Gonzalez flied out to right. Clark at first base. Phillips catching. Almonte pitching for Mets. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Almonte pitching for Mets. Jones singled to left. Franco singled to right center, Jones to third. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones scored, Franco out at second. Castilla grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lopez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. King pitching for Braves. Duncan grounded out to second. Phillips walked. Floyd singled to right, Phillips to third. Perez ran for Floyd. Wigginton singled to center, Phillips scored, Perez to second. Cedeno singled to center, Perez scored, Wigginton to second. Clark singled to left, Wigginton scored, Cedeno to third. Gryboski pitching for Braves. McEwing hit for Almonte. Sanchez grounded out to first, Cedeno scored, Clark to second. Perez in left field. Lloyd pitching for Mets. McEwing grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Giles hit for Gryboski. Lloyd pitching for Mets. Giles lined out to left. Furcal safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes. Derosa singled to left, Furcal to second. Sheffield homered to right, Furcal and Derosa scored. Bragg flied out to right center. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Jones flied out to deep center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Reyes flied out to deep center. Duncan walked. Phillips grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Duncan out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 4 - Braves 11.	Sheffield cooking as Braves rout Mets