Braves - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Pirates. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. Giles grounded out to third. Sheffield grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Redman tripled to right center. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Redman out at home. Kendall reached on infield single to second, Wilson to second. Sanders grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Pirates. Jones walked. Jones struck out swinging. Lopez popped out to first. Derosa doubled to left, Jones to third. Hessman intentionally walked. Ramirez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Wilson doubled to deep center. Bay singled to left, Wilson to third. Hernandez flied into double play, center to catcher to pitcher to second to third to catcher to shortstop, Wilson out at home, Bay to second. Hernandez batting. Reboulet singled to center, Bay scored, Reboulet tagged out at second attempting to advance on throw. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Pirates. Furcal walked. Giles walked, Furcal to second. Sheffield singled to center, Furcal scored, Giles to third. Jones walked, Sheffield to second. Jones popped out to second. Lopez doubled to deep right center, Giles and Sheffield scored, Jones to third. Derosa doubled to left center, Jones and Lopez scored. Figueroa pitching for Pirates. Hessman homered to right center, Derosa scored. Ramirez flied out to left. Furcal flied out to left. 7 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Figueroa struck out looking. Redman grounded out to second. Wilson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Figueroa pitching for Pirates. Giles homered to center. Sheffield flied out to left. Jones lined out to center. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Kendall hit by pitch. Sanders reached on infield single to pitcher, Kendall to second. Wilson homered to left, Kendall and Sanders scored. Bay popped out to second. Hernandez struck out swinging. Reboulet flied out to left center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Figueroa pitching for Pirates. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Derosa grounded out to third. Hessman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Nunez hit for Figueroa. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Nunez grounded out to third. Redman grounded out to shortstop. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Wilson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. Furcal grounded out to second. Giles grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Kendall reached on infield single to third. Sanders flied out to center. Wilson safe at first on error by third baseman Derosa, Kendall to second. Bay flied out to center. Hernandez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 7th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Sheffield reached on infield single to shortstop. Jones struck out swinging. Jones flied out to left. Lopez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Mackowiak hit for Meadows. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Reboulet flied out to left. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Redman doubled to right. Wilson singled to left, Redman scored. Beimel pitching for Pirates. Kendall flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Pirates. Derosa singled to left. Bragg hit for Ramirez. Hessman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Derosa out at second. Hodges pitching for Braves. Bragg fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Hodges pitching for Braves. Sanders grounded out to third. Wilson walked. Bay struck out swinging. Hernandez reached on infield single to pitcher, Wilson to second. Stairs hit for Beimel. Reboulet singled to right center, Wilson scored, Hernandez to third. King pitching for Braves. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Stairs struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Furcal reached on infield single to pitcher. Giles singled to center, Furcal to second. Sheffield doubled to right, Furcal and Giles scored, Sheffield to third on error by right fielder Sanders. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Jones singled to right center, Sheffield scored. Jones homered to left center, Jones scored. Lopez grounded out to third. Derosa grounded out to first. Wright pitching for Braves. Hessman flied out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Wright pitching for Braves. Redman singled to left center. Wilson popped out to first. Kendall grounded out to pitcher, Redman to second. Sanders popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 13 - Pirates 6.	Seven-run third inning lifts Braves over Pirates