Braves - Top 1st. Tucker pitching for Expos. Furcal grounded out to second. Giles singled to center. Jones singled to right, Giles to third. Jones singled to center, Giles scored, Jones to second. Lopez singled to left, Jones scored, Jones to second. Franco doubled to deep center, Jones and Lopez scored. Franco to third on passed ball by Barrett. Castilla struck out swinging. Vargas pitching for Expos. Bragg singled to right, Franco scored. Hampton grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 1st. Hampton pitching for Braves. Wilkerson grounded out to third. Macias singled to right. Vidro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Macias out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Expos. Furcal fouled out to third. Giles lined out to third. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 2nd. Hampton pitching for Braves. Guerrero walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guerrero out at second. Zeile flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Expos. Jones struck out swinging. Lopez walked. Franco flied out to right. Castilla grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 3rd. Hampton pitching for Braves. Vitiello walked. Darensbourg hit for Vargas. Barrett grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vitiello out at second. Darensbourg struck out looking. Darensbourg pitching for Expos. Wilkerson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Darensbourg pitching for Expos. Bragg singled to right. Hampton reached on bunt single to pitcher, Bragg to second. Furcal doubled to right, Bragg scored, Hampton to third. Giles grounded out to third. Jones singled to center, Hampton scored, Furcal to third. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Furcal scored, Jones out at second. Lopez homered to center, Jones scored. Franco grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 4th. Hampton pitching for Braves. Macias singled to center. Vidro walked, Macias to second. Guerrero singled to right, Macias to third, Vidro to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Macias scored, Guerrero out at second, Vidro to third. Almonte pitching for Expos. Zeile grounded into double play, third to shortstop, Vidro out at home, Cabrera out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Almonte pitching for Expos. Castilla grounded out to third. Bragg grounded out to first. Hampton homered to center. Furcal struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 5th. Hampton pitching for Braves. Vitiello walked. Barrett grounded out to shortstop, Vitiello to second. Almonte struck out swinging. Mateo in center field. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Almonte pitching for Expos. Giles fouled out to first. Jones struck out swinging. Jones homered to center. Langerhans in right field. Marquis pitching for Braves. Bragg in left field. Estrada catching. Lopez flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 6th. Marquis pitching for Braves. Macias struck out swinging. Vidro lined out to right. Guerrero singled to right, Guerrero out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Almonte pitching for Expos. Franco singled to right center. Castilla singled to center, Franco to second. Franco to third, Castilla to second on wild pitch by Almonte. Calloway in right field. Bragg struck out swinging. Franco scored, Castilla to third on wild pitch by Almonte. Estrada struck out swinging. Furcal singled to center, Castilla scored. Mercedes pitching for Expos. Giles singled to center, Furcal to second. Hessman in left field. Derosa at third base. Bragg in center field. Langerhans flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 7th. Marquis pitching for Braves. Cabrera singled to left. Zeile grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. Vitiello homered to right center. Barrett grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Franco hit for Marquis. Mercedes pitching for Expos. Hessman singled to left center. Franco grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hessman out at second. Mercker pitching for Braves. Carroll hit for Mercedes. Franco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 8th. Mercker pitching for Braves. Carroll singled to center. Mateo flied out to right. Macias safe at on error by second baseman Giles, Carroll to second. Vidro lined out to center. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Calloway singled to right, Carroll scored, Macias to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Expos - Bottom 9th. Holmes pitching for Braves. Guzman singled to center. Vitiello lined out to center. Barrett reached on infield single to third, Guzman to third, Barrett to second on throwing error by third baseman Derosa. Carroll grounded out to shortstop, Guzman scored. Mateo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 14 - Expos 4.	Braves' record 19 hits bludgeon Expos