Reds - Top 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Hamilton struck out swinging . Peraza struck out swinging . Votto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Stephenson pitching for Reds . Inciarte grounded out to first . Phillips struck out swinging . Freeman safe at first on error by pitcher Stephenson . Kemp safe at first on error by shortstop Peraza , Freeman to second . Markakis lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Duvall flied out to right . Gennett singled to right . Suárez struck out swinging . Gennett caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Stephenson pitching for Reds . Suzuki doubled to deep left . Albies struck out swinging . Swanson walked . Teherán struck out bunting foul . Inciarte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Schebler walked . Barnhart doubled to left , Schebler to third . Stephenson struck out swinging . Hamilton grounded out to second , Schebler scored , Barnhart to third . Peraza flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Stephenson pitching for Reds . Phillips homered to left ( 393 feet ) . Freeman flied out to left . Kemp lined out to left . Markakis walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Markakis out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Votto grounded out to shortstop . Duvall doubled to deep center . Gennett walked . Suárez singled to center , Duvall scored , Gennett to second , Gennett scored , Suárez to third on error by center fielder Inciarte . Schebler singled to right , Suárez scored . Barnhart singled to right , Schebler to second . Stephenson struck out swinging . Hamilton flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 4th . Stephenson pitching for Reds . Albies hit by pitch . Swanson flied out to center . Teherán sacrificed to catcher , Albies to second , Teherán safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Stephenson . Albies to third on throwing error by pitcher Stephenson . Inciarte hit sacrifice fly to center , Albies scored . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 5th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Peraza grounded out to shortstop . Votto grounded out to shortstop . Duvall reached on infield single to shortstop . Gennett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Stephenson pitching for Reds . Freeman grounded out to first . Kemp singled to left center . Markakis flied out to center . Suzuki walked , Kemp to second . Albies grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Suárez grounded out to third . Schebler doubled to deep center . Barnhart grounded out to first , Schebler to third . Winker hit for Stephenson . Schebler scored on Teherán 's wild pitch . Winker walked . Hamilton lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Wojciechowski pitching for Reds . Swanson singled to right center . Adams hit for Teherán . Adams flied out to center . Inciarte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Swanson out at second . Phillips flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Motte pitching for Braves . Peraza walked . Votto doubled to left , Peraza scored . Duvall grounded out to first , Votto to third . Gennett hit sacrifice fly to right , Votto scored . Suárez popped out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Wojciechowski pitching for Reds . Freeman struck out swinging . Kemp flied out to right . Markakis singled to center . Suzuki homered to left ( 404 feet ) , Markakis scored . Albies doubled to right . Swanson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Peterson at second base . Wisler pitching for Braves . Schebler doubled to deep right center . Barnhart popped out to shortstop . Ervin hit for Wojciechowski . Ervin grounded out to second , Schebler to third . Hamilton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Peralta pitching for Reds . Peterson grounded out to shortstop . Inciarte grounded out to pitcher . Phillips singled to left . Freeman singled to left , Phillips to second . Kemp grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Johnson pitching for Braves . Peraza reached on infield single to shortstop . Votto singled to center , Peraza to third . Duvall walked , Votto to second . Gennett homered to right center ( 425 feet ) , Peraza , Votto and Duvall scored . Suárez flied out to center . Schebler grounded out to second . Barnhart singled to right center . Kivlehan hit for Peralta . Kivlehan struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Wood pitching for Reds . Markakis singled to center . Suzuki singled to left center , Markakis to second . Adams hit for Johnson . Adams homered to right ( 405 feet ) , Markakis and Suzuki scored . Swanson singled to left . Lorenzen pitching for Reds . Peterson struck out looking . Inciarte struck out swinging . Phillips reached on infield single to pitcher , Swanson to second . Freeman singled to left , Swanson scored , Phillips to second . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Phillips out at third , Freeman to second . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 11 - Braves 8 .	Gennett hits grand slam , Reds beat Braves 11 - 8