Mets - Top 1st. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Reyes flied out to right. Cora hit ground rule double to deep center. Beltran singled to right, Cora to third. Cora scored, Beltran to second on balk by Lohse. Delgado flied out to center. Wright popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Schumaker grounded out to second. Rasmus grounded out to second. Pujols homered to right. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Sheffield lined out to center. Church singled to center. Santos grounded into fielder's choice to first, Church out at second. Hernandez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Ankiel popped out to second. Barden grounded out to second. Ryan walked. LaRue grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ryan out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Reyes flied out to right. Cora struck out swinging. Beltran doubled to deep right. Delgado walked. Wright lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Lohse lined out to first. Schumaker grounded out to first. Rasmus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Sheffield grounded out to third. Church grounded out to second. Santos singled to shallow right. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Santos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Pujols reached on infield single to third. Pujols stole second. Ludwick popped out to shortstop. Ankiel doubled to right, Pujols scored. Barden grounded out to third, Ankiel to third. Ryan singled to right, Ankiel scored. LaRue singled to center, Ryan to third. Lohse singled to right, Ryan scored, LaRue to second. Schumaker flied out to right. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Reyes safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols. Cora singled to right, Reyes to second. Beltran flied out to right. Delgado singled to right center, Reyes to third, Cora to second. Wright singled to right, Reyes scored, Cora to third, Delgado to second. Sheffield grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wright out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Rasmus singled to left center. Pujols homered to center, Rasmus scored. Ludwick flied out to center. Ankiel homered to right. Stokes pitching for Mets. Barden flied out to center. Ryan fouled out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Church safe at second on error by right fielder Ludwick. Santos grounded out to second, Church to third. Reed hit for Stokes. Reed struck out swinging. Reyes singled to right, Church scored. Cora walked, Reyes to second. Beltran grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Green pitching for Mets. LaRue singled to center. Walters sacrificed to first, LaRue to second. Schumaker doubled to left, LaRue scored. Rasmus doubled to right, Schumaker scored. Pujols intentionally walked. Rasmus to third, Pujols to second on wild pitch by Green. Ludwick singled to right center, Rasmus and Pujols scored, Ludwick to second advancing on throw. Ankiel intentionally walked. Barden grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ankiel out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Delgado grounded out to first. Wright reached on infield single to shortstop. Sheffield flied out to center. Church homered to right, Wright scored. Santos lined out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Green pitching for Mets. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. LaRue singled to center. Walters sacrificed to catcher, LaRue to second. Schumaker doubled to deep left center, LaRue scored. Thurston ran for Schumaker. Rasmus reached on infield single to second, Thurston to third. Pujols struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Thurston at second base. Tatis hit for Green. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Tatis singled to left. Tatis stole second. Reyes popped out to first. Cora walked. Beltran homered to center, Tatis and Cora scored. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Delgado lined out to pitcher. Perez pitching for Cardinals. Wright struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Parnell pitching for Mets. Tatis at third base. Ludwick popped out to third. Ankiel doubled to right. Barden singled to center, Ankiel to third. Ryan grounded into double play, second to first, Barden out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Cardinals. Sheffield struck out swinging. Church walked. Murphy hit for Santos. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Church to second on balk by Reyes. Murphy grounded out to second, Church to third. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Tatis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 8 - Cardinals 12.	Pujols, Cardinals complete sweep of Mets