Mets - Top 1st. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Cora popped out to shortstop. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Beltran doubled to deep center. Sheffield struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. McCutchen singled to center. Morgan singled to right, McCutchen to third. Sanchez grounded out to first, Morgan to second. Ad LaRoche intentionally walked. An LaRoche singled to left center, McCutchen and Morgan scored, Ad LaRoche to second. Moss reached on infield single to second, Ad LaRoche to third, An LaRoche to second. Jaramillo singled to left, Ad LaRoche and An LaRoche scored, Moss to second. Vazquez singled to left, Moss to third, Jaramillo to second. Ohlendorf grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Moss out at home. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Wright walked. Wright stole second. Murphy singled to center, Wright scored. Martinez singled to right, Murphy to third. Santos grounded into fielder's choice to third, Murphy out at home, Martinez to second. Pelfrey bunted into fielder's choice to first, Santos out at second, Martinez to third. Cora doubled to right, Martinez scored, Pelfrey to third. Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop, Pelfrey scored, Cora to third. Beltran walked, Castillo to second. Sheffield grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. McCutchen flied out to center. Morgan safe at third on error by first baseman Murphy. Sanchez struck out swinging. Ad LaRoche doubled to left, Morgan scored. An LaRoche grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Top 3rd. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Wright walked. Murphy flied out to right. Martinez flied out to right. Santos singled to center, Wright to second. Pelfrey grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Moss struck out swinging. Jaramillo grounded out to shortstop. Vazquez singled to left. Ohlendorf struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Cora fouled out to third. Castillo grounded out to second. Beltran homered to right center. Sheffield grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. McCutchen walked. Morgan sacrificed to pitcher, McCutchen to second. Sanchez grounded out to second, McCutchen to third. Ad LaRoche walked. An LaRoche hit by pitch, Ad LaRoche to second. Moss walked, McCutchen scored, Ad LaRoche to third, An LaRoche to second. Jaramillo singled to left center, Ad LaRoche and An LaRoche scored, Moss to second. Takahashi pitching for Mets. Vazquez singled to right center, Moss scored, Jaramillo to second. Ohlendorf struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Wright singled to left. Murphy popped out to shortstop. Martinez doubled to deep center, Wright scored. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Santos grounded out to pitcher, Martinez to third. Brown hit for Takahashi. Brown grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Green pitching for Mets. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Morgan grounded out to pitcher. Sanchez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Cora grounded out to first. Castillo lined out to right. Beltran struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Green pitching for Mets. Ad LaRoche flied out to left. An LaRoche struck out swinging. Moss grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Jackson pitching for Pirates. Hinske at third base. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Wright grounded out to shortstop. Murphy walked. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Putz pitching for Mets. Jaramillo grounded out to third. Vazquez singled to left. Vazquez stole second. Hinske popped out to first. McCutchen singled to right center, Vazquez scored. McCutchen stole second. Morgan tripled to deep right center, McCutchen scored. Sanchez lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Jackson pitching for Pirates. Santos flied out to center. Reed hit for Putz. Reed grounded out to first. Cora flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Ad LaRoche flied out to center. Monroe hit for Jackson. Monroe struck out swinging. Moss grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Chavez pitching for Pirates. Castillo walked. Castillo to second on wild pitch by Chavez. Beltran grounded out to shortstop, Castillo to third. Sheffield fouled out to first. Wright doubled to deep right, Castillo scored. Murphy flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 6 - Pirates 11.	McCutchen sparks Pirates