Cardinals - Top 1st. Redding pitching for Mets. Schumaker popped out to third. Rasmus lined out to third. Pujols popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Cora flied out to left. Murphy singled to center. Wright singled to left, Murphy to second. Tatis singled to left, Murphy to third, Wright to second. Church hit sacrifice fly to center, Murphy scored. Santos singled to right, Wright scored, Tatis tagged out at third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Redding pitching for Mets. Ludwick grounded out to third. Ankiel struck out swinging. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Reed struck out swinging. Castillo reached on bunt single to pitcher. Redding sacrificed to pitcher, Castillo to second. Cora walked. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Redding pitching for Mets. Greene singled to left. Wellemeyer sacrificed to pitcher, Greene to second. Ryan struck out swinging. Schumaker singled to right center, Greene scored. Schumaker to second on wild pitch by Redding. Rasmus struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Wright walked. Tatis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wright out at second. Church grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Redding pitching for Mets. Pujols flied out to center. Ludwick popped out to first. Ankiel walked. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Santos singled to center. Reed flied out to center. Castillo doubled to deep left center, Santos scored, Castillo advanced to third on  throwing error by shortstop Ryan. Redding grounded out to shortstop. Cora flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Redding pitching for Mets. Greene grounded out to shortstop. Wellemeyer lined out to second. Ryan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Murphy homered to right. Wright walked. Tatis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wright out at first. Church struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Redding pitching for Mets. Schumaker flied out to left. Rasmus struck out swinging. Pujols doubled to deep left. Ludwick homered to left, Pujols scored. Ankiel grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Santos singled to shallow left. Reed grounded out to catcher, Santos to second. Castillo intentionally walked. Redding grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Santos out at third, Castillo to second. Cora singled to shallow left, Castillo scored, Redding to second. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Redding pitching for Mets. Molina grounded out to second. Greene grounded out to shortstop. Thurston hit for Miller. Thurston popped out to catcher. Thurston hit for Miller. Thurston popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Wright flied out to right. Tatis grounded out to shortstop. Church singled to right. Santos singled to left center, Church to second. Reed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Redding pitching for Mets. Ryan homered to left. Switzer pitching for Mets. Schumaker struck out swinging. Greene hit for Rasmus. Greene singled to left. Stokes pitching for Mets. Pujols grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Greene out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Greene at second base. Schumaker in left field. Ankiel in center field. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Castillo reached on infield single to third. Martinez hit for Stokes. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Martinez sacrificed to pitcher, Castillo to second, Martinez safe at first on error by pitcher Reyes. Cora singled to center, Castillo scored, Martinez to second. Murphy flied out to center. Kinney pitching for Cardinals. Wright grounded out to third, Martinez to third, Cora to second. Tatis flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Martinez in left field. Rodriguez pitching for Mets. Ludwick flied out to right. Ankiel flied out to center. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Mets 6.	Mets quiet Pujols, top Cardinals