Marlins - Top 1st. Parnell pitching for Mets. Coghlan doubled to center. Johnson walked. Ramirez safe at first on error by shortstop Hernandez, Coghlan to third, Johnson to second. Cantu walked, Coghlan scored, Johnson to third, Ramirez to second. Baker walked, Johnson scored, Ramirez to third, Cantu to second. Uggla struck out swinging. Ross singled to center, Ramirez scored, Cantu to third, Baker to second. Maybin struck out swinging. West struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 1st. West pitching for Marlins. Pagan singled to center. Castillo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pagan out at second. Wright flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Parnell pitching for Mets. Coghlan flied out to left. Johnson lined out to center. Ramirez singled to left. Cantu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. West pitching for Marlins. Francoeur singled to center. Tatis struck out swinging. Evans struck out swinging. Santos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Parnell pitching for Mets. Baker struck out swinging. Uggla homered to left. Ross struck out swinging. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. West pitching for Marlins. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Parnell struck out swinging. Pagan walked. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pagan out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Parnell pitching for Mets. West hit ground rule double to deep right. Coghlan singled to center, West to third. Johnson walked, Coghlan to second. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to right, West scored, Johnson out at second, Coghlan to third. Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Parnell. Cantu grounded out to third. Baker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. West pitching for Marlins. Wright singled to center. Francoeur doubled to deep left center, Wright to third. Tatis walked. Evans singled to right, Wright scored, Francoeur to third, Tatis to second. Santos hit sacrifice fly to left, Francoeur scored. Hernandez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Evans out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Parnell pitching for Mets. Uggla walked. Ross doubled to left, Uggla scored. Maybin grounded out to third. West grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ross out at third. Coghlan grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Valdez hit for Parnell. West pitching for Marlins. Valdez hit by pitch. Pagan doubled to deep left, Valdez to third. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Castillo struck out looking. Wright grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Valdez scored, Pagan out at third. Francoeur singled to left center, Wright to second. Tatis singled to center, Wright scored, Francoeur to third. Evans flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Stoner pitching for Mets. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. Ramirez singled to center. Cantu flied out to left. Baker flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Santos grounded out to second. Hernandez grounded out to second. Reed hit for Stoner. Reed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Green pitching for Mets. Uggla struck out swinging. Ross singled to left. Maybin struck out swinging, Ross stole second. Gload hit for Badenhop. Gload intentionally walked. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Coghlan reached on infield single to second, Ross to third, Gload to second. Johnson singled to left, Ross and Gload scored, Coghlan to second. Stokes pitching for Mets. Ramirez singled to left, Coghlan scored, Johnson to second. Cantu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Calero pitching for Marlins. Pagan singled to right. Castillo walked, Pagan to second. Wright struck out swinging. Francoeur flied into double play, right to shortstop, Pagan doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Broadway pitching for Mets. Baker singled to center. Uggla reached on infield single to second, Baker to second. Ross struck out swinging. Maybin walked, Baker to third, Uggla to second. Helms hit for Calero. Helms singled to center, Baker and Uggla scored, Maybin to second. Coghlan grounded out to first, Maybin to third, Helms to second. Johnson singled to right, Maybin and Helms scored. Hayes ran for Johnson. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hayes out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Meyer pitching for Marlins. Cantu at first base. Helms at third base. Tatis singled to deep left. Evans popped out to shortstop. Santos flied out to center. Hernandez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Broadway pitching for Mets. Cantu flied out to left. Baker grounded out to shortstop. Uggla struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Wood pitching for Marlins. Gonzalez at shortstop. Sullivan hit for Broadway. Sullivan struck out swinging. Pagan lined out to center. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 13 - Mets 4.	Marlins sweep Mets behind Johnson's 4 RBIs