Braves - Top 1st. Jackson pitching for Cardinals. Bourn reached on infield single to second. Jones lined out to right. McCann doubled to deep right center, Bourn scored. Uggla fouled out to first. Freeman doubled to left, McCann scored. Prado grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Delgado pitching for Braves. Furcal walked. Jay popped out to shortstop. Pujols singled to right center, Furcal to third. Holliday grounded out to third, Furcal scored, Pujols to second. Berkman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Jackson pitching for Cardinals. Heyward grounded out to pitcher. Wilson popped out to first. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Delgado pitching for Braves. Freese lined out to center. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. Molina struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Jackson pitching for Cardinals. Bourn singled to left. Jones lined out to second. McCann grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Bourn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Delgado pitching for Braves. Jackson reached on infield single to second. Jackson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Furcal walked. Jay struck out swinging. Furcal stole second. Pujols popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Jackson pitching for Cardinals. Uggla safe at first on error by second baseman Schumaker. Freeman singled to left, Uggla to third. Prado struck out swinging. Heyward walked, Freeman to second. Wilson struck out swinging. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Delgado pitching for Braves. Holliday flied out to center. Berkman walked. Freese singled to right, Berkman to second. Schumaker grounded into fielder's choice to first, Freese out at second, Berkman to third. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Jackson pitching for Cardinals. Bourn singled to center. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bourn out at second. McCann walked. Uggla grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCann out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Delgado pitching for Braves. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Furcal grounded out to first. Jay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Jackson pitching for Cardinals. Freeman grounded out to second. Prado singled to right. Heyward grounded into fielder's choice to second, Prado out at second. Heyward stole second. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Moylan pitching for Braves. Pujols singled to center. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pujols out at second. Berkman singled to left. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to second, Berkman out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Constanza hit for Moylan. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Constanza struck out swinging. Bourn struck out swinging. Jones singled to right. McCann grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Vizcaino pitching for Braves. Schumaker flied out to left. Molina singled to left. Patterson hit for Rzepczynski. Greene ran for Molina. Patterson flied out to left. Furcal reached on infield single to second, Greene to third, Furcal thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Laird catching. Uggla flied out to center. Freeman struck out swinging. Prado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Venters pitching for Braves. Craig hit for Jay. Craig singled to center. Chambers ran for Craig. Pujols grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Chambers out at second. Holliday hit by pitch. Berkman singled to center, Holliday to third. Freese struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Chambers in center field. Dotel pitching for Cardinals. Heyward grounded out to first. Wilson grounded out to first. Hinske hit for Venters. Hinske singled to deep right center. Richerdson ran for Hinske. Richerdson stole second. Bourn tripled to deep center, Richerdson scored. Rhodes pitching for Cardinals. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Kimbrel pitching for Braves. Schumaker singled to left center. Punto hit for Rhodes. Punto grounded into fielder's choice to second, Schumaker out at second. Laird struck out swinging. Furcal walked, Punto to second. Theriot hit for Chambers. Theriot walked, Punto to third, Furcal to second. Pujols singled to right, Punto and Furcal scored, Theriot thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 10th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Schumaker in center field. Punto at second base. McCann popped out to third. Uggla popped out to first. Freeman grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 10th. Linebrink pitching for Braves. Holliday singled to center. Berkman singled to right, Holliday to second. Descalso hit for Freese. Descalso sacrificed to third, Holliday to third, Berkman to second. Schumaker intentionally walked. Punto hit sacrifice fly to center, Holliday scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 3 - Cardinals 4.	Pujols ties it in 9th and Cards beat Braves in 10