Red Sox - Top 1st . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Betts flied out to left . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz walked . Ramírez singled to left , Ortiz to second . Sandoval grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramírez out at second , Ortiz to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Revere grounded out to second . Ruiz struck out looking . Utley grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Victorino singled to center . Hanigan grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Victorino out at second . Bogaerts walked . Masterson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Howard grounded out to third . Ruf struck out swinging . Asche struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Betts lined out to left . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz reached on infield single to second . Ramírez reached on infield single to pitcher , Ortiz to second , Ortiz to third , Ramírez to second on throwing error by pitcher Buchanan . Sandoval walked . Victorino reached on infield single to third , Ortiz scored , Ramírez to third , Sandoval to second . Hanigan walked , Ramírez scored , Sandoval to third , Victorino to second . Bogaerts tripled to right , Sandoval , Victorino and Hanigan scored . Masterson singled to center , Bogaerts scored . Betts grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Masterson out at second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Francoeur struck out swinging . Galvis reached on infield single to shortstop . Herrera walked , Galvis to second . Revere grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Herrera out at second , Galvis to third . Galvis scored , Revere to second on wild pitch by Masterson . Ruiz walked . Utley singled to center , Revere scored , Ruiz to second . Howard struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . McGowan pitching for Phillies . Pedroia struck out swinging . Ortiz walked . Ortiz to second on passed ball by Ruiz . Ramírez popped out to second . Sandoval flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Ruf grounded out to shortstop . Asche singled to right . Francoeur lined out to left . Galvis popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . McGowan pitching for Phillies . Victorino fouled out to catcher . Hanigan flied out to center . Bogaerts safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Galvis . Masterson reached on infield single to third , Bogaerts to second . Betts fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Hernández struck out looking . Revere lined out to third . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Pedroia struck out swinging . Ortiz struck out swinging . Ramírez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Utley struck out swinging . Howard flied out to center . Ruf grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Sandoval struck out swinging . Victorino grounded out to third . Hanigan walked . Bogaerts singled to center , Hanigan to second . Craig struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Asche walked . Francoeur struck out swinging . Galvis singled to right , Asche to second . Blanco popped out to shortstop . Revere flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Garcia pitching for Phillies . Betts singled to left . Pedroia grounded out to third , Betts to second . Napoli safe at first on error by shortstop Galvis , Betts to third . Ramírez struck out looking . Sandoval grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Layne pitching for Red Sox . Ruiz struck out swinging . Utley grounded out to second . Howard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Diekman pitching for Phillies . Victorino grounded out to shortstop . Hanigan flied out to center . Bogaerts singled to right . Holt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Mujica pitching for Red Sox . Ruf struck out swinging . Asche singled to center . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Asche out at second . Galvis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 6 - Phillies 2 .	Bogaerts , Masterson lead Red Sox over Phillies