Orioles - Top 1st . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . De Aza struck out swinging . Paredes grounded out to second . Jones walked . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Chen pitching for Orioles . Betts singled to right . Betts stole second , Betts safe at third on throwing error by catcher Lavarnway . Pedroia struck out swinging . Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to right , Betts scored . Ramírez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 2nd . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Snider tripled to center . Machado lined out to shortstop . Flaherty doubled to deep left , Snider scored . Lavarnway struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Napoli flied out to first . Victorino struck out swinging . Holt lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Craig in left field . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . De Aza bunt grounded out to pitcher . Paredes hit ground rule double to deep right center . Jones flied out to center . Davis walked . Snider grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Bogaerts walked . Hanigan singled to shallow right , Bogaerts to third . Betts safe at first on error by pitcher Chen , Bogaerts scored , Hanigan to second . Pedroia sacrificed to first , Hanigan to third , Betts to second . Ortiz fouled out to third . Craig walked . Napoli walked , Hanigan scored , Betts to third , Craig to second . Victorino safe at first on error by third baseman Machado , Betts and Craig scored , Napoli to third , Victorino awarded second on fan interference . Holt walked . Bogaerts flied out to first . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Machado lined out to right . Flaherty grounded out to first . Lavarnway struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Hanigan hit by pitch . Betts flied out to center . Pedroia singled to center , Hanigan to second . Ortiz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pedroia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera struck out swinging . De Aza walked . Paredes struck out swinging , De Aza stole second . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Craig struck out looking . Napoli walked . Garcia pitching for Orioles . Victorino popped out to pitcher . Holt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Napoli out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Davis flied out to left . Snider fouled out to catcher . Machado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for Orioles . Bogaerts flied out to center . Hanigan hit by pitch . Betts flied out to center . Pedroia doubled to left , Hanigan scored . Ortiz intentionally walked . Craig singled to center , Pedroia scored , Ortiz to second . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ortiz out at third , Craig to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Flaherty singled to shallow center . Lavarnway flied out to center . Ross pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Flaherty out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Garcia pitching for Orioles . Victorino batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 1 - Red Sox 7 .	Red Sox get 5 unearned runs in 7 - 1 win over Orioles