Red Sox - Top 1st . Norris pitching for Orioles . Betts grounded out to third . Pedroia flied out to center . Sandoval walked . Ramírez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera grounded out to third . Machado flied out to right . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Norris pitching for Orioles . Napoli struck out swinging . Holt singled to center . Craig flied out to center . Bogaerts grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Young safe at second on error by center fielder Betts . Davis lined out to center , Young to third . Pearce hit sacrifice fly to left , Young scored . Paredes lined out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Norris pitching for Orioles . León lined out to center . Betts grounded out to shortstop . Pedroia doubled to left . Sandoval walked . Ramírez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Lavarnway singled to right . Navarro lined out to center . Cabrera singled to center , Lavarnway to second . Machado walked , Lavarnway to third , Cabrera to second . Jones walked , Lavarnway scored , Cabrera to third , Machado to second . Young singled to left center , Cabrera scored , Machado to third , Jones to second . Davis doubled to deep center , Machado and Jones scored , Young to third . Pearce singled to center , Young scored , Davis to third . Varvaro pitching for Red Sox . Paredes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Davis scored , Pearce out at second . Lavarnway lined out to right . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Norris pitching for Orioles . Napoli fouled out to catcher . Holt singled to center . Craig flied out to center . Bogaerts popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Varvaro pitching for Red Sox . Navarro singled to right . Cabrera grounded out to first , Navarro to second . Machado walked . Jones flied out to right , Navarro to third . Machado to second on wild pitch by Varvaro . Young singled to left , Navarro and Machado scored . Davis grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Norris pitching for Orioles . León popped out to third . Betts flied out to center . Pedroia singled to center . Sandoval flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Ross pitching for Red Sox . Pearce lined out to left . Paredes singled to center . Lavarnway reached on infield single to second , Paredes to second . Navarro singled to center , Paredes scored , Lavarnway to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Machado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Navarro out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Norris pitching for Orioles . Ramírez grounded out to third . Napoli lined out to center . Holt walked . Craig grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Holt out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Hembree pitching for Red Sox . Jones struck out swinging . Young lined out to right . Davis homered to center ( 423 feet ) . Pearce walked . Paredes tripled to deep right center , Pearce scored . Lavarnway struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Norris pitching for Orioles . Bogaerts grounded out to pitcher . León singled to center . Betts struck out swinging . Pedroia reached on infield single to pitcher , León to second . Nava ran for Pedroia . Sandoval homered to right ( 372 feet ) , León and Nava scored . Garcia pitching for Orioles . Ramírez homered to left center ( 441 feet ) . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Nava in left field . Holt at second base . Hembree pitching for Red Sox . Navarro doubled to right center . Cabrera singled to left center , Navarro to third . Machado struck out swinging . Jones singled to left , Navarro scored , Cabrera to second . Young doubled to deep center , Cabrera and Jones scored . Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Davis singled to center , Young to third . Pearce singled to left center , Young scored , Davis to second . Paredes doubled to right , Davis scored , Pearce to third . Pearce scored , Paredes to third on passed ball by León . Lavarnway struck out swinging . Navarro lined out to left . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Lough in center field . Garcia pitching for Orioles . Holt walked . Craig lined out to third . Bogaerts grounded out to pitcher , Holt to second . León grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Mujica pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera lined out to left . Machado flied out to right . Lough singled to center . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Paredes at third base . Garcia pitching for Orioles . Betts safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Paredes . Nava flied out to left . Sandoval walked , Betts to second . Ramírez homered to left ( 379 feet ) , Betts and Sandoval scored . Napoli struck out swinging . Holt walked . Craig flied out to right . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 7 - Orioles 18 .	Orioles get 20 hits in 18 - 7 rout of Red Sox