Angels - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Aybar flied out to center . Trout lined out to center . Pujols fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Richards pitching for Angels . Betts grounded out to third . Pedroia struck out swinging . Ortiz singled to left . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Calhoun struck out looking . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Joyce doubled to deep left center . Iannetta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Richards pitching for Angels . Bogaerts flied out to center . Napoli homered to center ( 428 feet ) . Holt grounded out to pitcher . Castillo flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Krauss struck out swinging . Giavotella popped out to shortstop . Aybar hit by pitch . Aybar stole second . Trout struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Richards pitching for Angels . Swihart grounded out to second . Betts grounded out to second . Pedroia singled to right . Ortiz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Pujols homered to center ( 419 feet ) . Calhoun singled to left center . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Calhoun out at second . Joyce singled to shallow left center , Freese to second . Iannetta walked , Freese to third , Joyce to second . Krauss grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Freese scored , Iannetta out at second , Joyce to third . Joyce caught stealing home , catcher to second to catcher . Giavotella batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Richards pitching for Angels . Ramírez hit by pitch . Bogaerts singled to right , Ramírez to third , Bogaerts to second on throwing error by right fielder Calhoun . Napoli walked . Holt doubled to deep center , Ramírez and Bogaerts scored , Napoli thrown out at home . Castillo flied out to right , Holt to third . Swihart grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 5th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Giavotella walked . Aybar walked , Giavotella to second . Trout singled to shallow left , Giavotella scored , Aybar to second , Aybar scored , Trout to second on error by third baseman Holt . Pujols grounded out to third . Trout stole third . Calhoun singled to right center , Trout scored . Freese doubled to deep center , Calhoun scored . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Joyce walked . Iannetta homered to center ( 385 feet ) , Freese and Joyce scored . Krauss safe at second on error by right fielder Castillo . Giavotella flied out to right , Krauss to third . Aybar homered to right ( 364 feet ) , Krauss scored . Ross pitching for Red Sox . Trout singled to left . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Trout out at second . 9 Runs , 6 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Richards pitching for Angels . Betts reached on infield single to second . Pedroia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Betts out at second . Ortiz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Nava in left field . Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Red Sox . Calhoun grounded out to second . Freese struck out swinging . Joyce popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Richards pitching for Angels . Nava flied out to left . Bogaerts popped out to first . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Red Sox . Iannetta walked . Krauss grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Iannetta out at second , Krauss to second on throwing error by shortstop Bogaerts . Giavotella walked . Aybar struck out swinging . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Krauss out at third , Giavotella to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Richards pitching for Angels . Holt walked . Castillo singled to center , Holt to second . Swihart singled to left , Holt to third , Castillo to second . Betts grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Holt scored , Castillo safe at third on error by third baseman Freese , Swihart to second . Pedroia reached on infield single to pitcher , Castillo scored , Swihart to third , Betts to second . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Ortiz struck out swinging . Nava grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pedroia out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 8th . Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Pujols doubled to right . Calhoun grounded out to first , Pujols to third . Freese hit sacrifice fly to right , Pujols scored . Joyce hit by pitch . Iannetta struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Featherston at third base . Salas pitching for Angels . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Napoli flied out to right . Holt singled to center . Holt to second on fielder 's indifference . Castillo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Krauss flied out to left . Giavotella walked . Aybar lined out to center . Trout singled to shallow center , Giavotella to second . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Morin pitching for Angels . Swihart popped out to third . Betts flied out to left . Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 12 - Red Sox 5 .	Angels pound Red Sox 12 - 5