Red Sox - Top 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Pedroia lined out to center . Betts singled to center . Ortiz grounded out to first , Betts to second . Ramírez singled to left , Betts scored . Napoli lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . DeShields walked . DeShields stole second . Choo struck out swinging . Fielder singled to center , DeShields to third . Beltré grounded out to third , DeShields scored , Fielder to second . Moreland grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Sandoval singled to center . Bogaerts grounded out to second , Sandoval to second . Swihart struck out swinging . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop , Sandoval to third . Pedroia safe at first on error by third baseman Beltré , Sandoval scored , Castillo to second . Betts grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pedroia out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . Martín lined out to first . Corporán singled to left center . Alberto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Corporán out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Ortiz singled to center . Ramírez popped out to second . Napoli grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . DeShields grounded out to second . Choo walked . Fielder safe at first on error by second baseman Pedroia , Choo to second . Beltré singled to center , Choo scored , Fielder to second . Moreland struck out swinging . Andrus safe at first on error by third baseman Sandoval , Fielder to third , Beltré to second . Martín grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Sandoval grounded out to shortstop . Bogaerts reached on infield single to shortstop . Swihart struck out swinging . Castillo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Corporán grounded out to second . Alberto reached on infield single to third . DeShields flied out to left . Choo singled to center , Alberto to second . Fielder grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Pedroia struck out swinging . Betts grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Beltré singled to center . Moreland grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Beltré out at second . Andrus lined out to right . Martín struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Rosales at third base . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Ramírez singled to right . Ramírez stole second . Napoli struck out looking . Sandoval popped out to shortstop . Bogaerts singled to right , Ramírez scored . Swihart singled to center , Bogaerts to third . Edwards pitching for Rangers . Swihart stole second . Castillo popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Ogando pitching for Red Sox . Corporán struck out swinging . Alberto singled to center . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Alberto out at second . Layne pitching for Red Sox . DeShields to second on wild pitch by Layne . Choo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Edwards pitching for Rangers . Pedroia flied out to right . Betts walked . Freeman pitching for Rangers . Betts stole second . Ortiz grounded out to catcher , Betts to third . Kela pitching for Rangers . Ramírez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Layne pitching for Red Sox . Fielder struck out swinging . Rosales flied out to left . Moreland grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Kela pitching for Rangers . Napoli struck out swinging . Sandoval grounded out to second . Bogaerts singled to center . Swihart grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Andrus flied out to right . Martín flied out to center . Corporán struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Ohlendorf pitching for Rangers . Castillo singled to left . Castillo stole second . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop , Castillo to third . Betts struck out swinging . Ortiz intentionally walked . Ramírez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Holt in left field . Uehara pitching for Red Sox . Alberto safe at first on error by third baseman Sandoval . DeShields sacrificed to third , Alberto to second . Choo grounded out to pitcher , Alberto to third . Fielder intentionally walked . Hamilton hit for Rosales . Hamilton doubled to deep left center , Alberto and Fielder scored . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Red Sox 3 - Rangers 4 .	Rangers walk off on Hamilton 's pinch - hit double