Red Sox - Top 1st . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Betts struck out swinging . Sandoval grounded out to second . Bogaerts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Eaton grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Abreu lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Ortiz flied out to right . Shaw grounded out to second . Ramírez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Red Sox . García flied out to center . Thompson tripled to deep right . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Thompson out at home . Soto singled to center , Ramírez to second . Sánchez singled to center , Ramírez scored , Soto to second , Soto thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Hanigan grounded out to second . Bradley Jr. grounded out to first . Rutledge singled to right . Betts doubled to deep left , Rutledge scored , Betts scored on throwing error by shortstop Ramírez . Sandoval grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Beckham grounded out to third . Eaton struck out looking . Cabrera lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Bogaerts grounded out to pitcher . Ortiz struck out swinging . Shaw safe at first on error by first baseman Abreu . Shaw caught stealing second , catcher to second . Ramírez batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Abreu singled to right . García singled to shallow right , Abreu to third . Thompson singled to right , Abreu scored , García to second . Ramírez bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , García out at third , Thompson to second . Soto struck out swinging . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramírez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Ramírez grounded out to third . Hanigan doubled to left . Bradley Jr. singled to center , Hanigan to third . Rutledge struck out swinging . Bradley Jr. out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Betts batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Beckham grounded out to first . Eaton singled to left . Cabrera singled to center , Eaton to second . Abreu grounded into double play , third to first , Eaton out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Betts reached on infield single to second . Sandoval doubled to right , Betts scored . Bogaerts singled to left , Sandoval to third . Ortiz struck out swinging . Shaw grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sandoval scored , Bogaerts out at second . Ramírez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Miley pitching for Red Sox . García flied out to right . Thompson grounded out to third . Ramírez singled to shallow right center . Soto singled to center , Ramírez to third . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Soto out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Hanigan grounded out to third . Bradley Jr. grounded out to second . Rutledge singled to shallow right . Betts grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rutledge out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Beckham singled to right . Eaton grounded out to second , Beckham to second . Beckham to third on wild pitch by Miley . Cabrera singled to center , Beckham scored . Cabrera to second on passed ball by Hanigan . Abreu struck out looking . García walked . Thompson doubled to shallow left , Cabrera and García scored . Ogando pitching for Red Sox . Ramírez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Duke pitching for White Sox . Sandoval struck out swinging . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Ogando pitching for Red Sox . Soto popped out to first . Sánchez singled to right . Beckham singled to right , Sánchez thrown out at third . Layne pitching for Red Sox . Eaton struck out bunting foul . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Shaw struck out looking . Ramírez struck out looking . Hanigan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 4 - White Sox 5 .	Thompson drives in 3 , White Sox rally past Red Sox , 5 - 4