Red Sox - Top 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Betts struck out looking . Holt grounded out to first . Bogaerts grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Revere struck out swinging . Donaldson singled to right . Bautista singled to left , Donaldson to second . Encarnación grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz popped out to third . Shaw walked . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Shaw out at second . Swihart grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Smoak struck out looking . Martin grounded out to third . Goins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Rutledge lined out to third . Bradley Jr. struck out swinging . Betts singled to left . Betts caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Holt batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Pillar doubled to left . Pennington sacrificed to catcher , Pillar to third . Revere grounded out to first , Pillar scored . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Holt grounded out to second . Bogaerts singled to right . Ortiz grounded into double play , second to third to first , Bogaerts out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Bautista walked . Encarnación safe at first on error by third baseman Holt , Bautista to second . Smoak doubled to deep center , Bautista and Encarnación scored . Martin struck out swinging . Goins tripled to deep right , Smoak scored . Pillar flied out to left . Pennington flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 5th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Shaw singled to left center . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Shaw out at second . Castillo to second on wild pitch by Stroman . Swihart singled to center , Castillo to third . Rutledge reached on infield single to third , Castillo scored , Swihart to second . Bradley Jr. struck out swinging . Betts grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rutledge out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Revere flied out to center . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Bautista walked . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Holt reached on infield single to first . Bogaerts grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Holt out at second . Ortiz lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Smoak singled to center . Martin reached on infield single to third , Smoak to second . Goins singled to center , Smoak to third , Martin to second . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Smoak out at home , Martin to third , Goins to second . Martin scored , Goins to third , Pillar to second on wild pitch by Porcello . Pennington hit sacrifice fly to left , Goins scored . Revere grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Shaw grounded out to shortstop . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Swihart lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Donaldson reached on infield single to second . Bautista fouled out to right . Encarnación fouled out to first . Smoak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Rutledge struck out looking . Bradley Jr. flied out to center . Betts doubled to left . Holt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Hembree pitching for Red Sox . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Goins struck out looking . Pillar lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Ortiz reached on infield single to third . Shaw lined out to first . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 1 - Blue Jays 6 .	Stroman solid as Jays beat Red Sox 6 - 1