Mariners - Top 1st . Snell pitching for Rays . Marte flied out to right . Gutiérrez singled to left . Canó struck out swinging . Cruz singled to center , Gutiérrez to second . Lee singled to center , Gutiérrez scored , Cruz to second . Seager safe at first on error by shortstop Beckham , Cruz scored , Lee to third . Iannetta singled to right , Lee scored , Seager to third . Aoki struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 1st . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Forsythe lined out to right . Mahtook struck out swinging . Pearce singled to left center . Morrison grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pearce out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Snell pitching for Rays . O'Malley struck out swinging . Marte walked . Gutiérrez singled to left , Marte to second . Canó singled to left , Marte to third , Gutiérrez to second . Cruz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Canó out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Jennings flied out to right . Beckham walked . Motter struck out looking . Beckham to second on passed ball by Iannetta . Decker walked . Casali grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Decker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Snell pitching for Rays . Lee walked . Seager grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Lee out at second . Iannetta singled to left . Aoki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Iannetta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Forsythe singled to center . Mahtook singled to center , Forsythe to second . Pearce singled to left , Forsythe scored , Mahtook to second , Mahtook to third advancing on throw . Morrison grounded out to first , Mahtook scored , Pearce to second . Jennings struck out swinging . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Snell pitching for Rays . O'Malley reached on bunt single to pitcher . Marte grounded out to second , O'Malley to second . Gutiérrez safe at first on error by shortstop Beckham , O'Malley to third . Canó walked , Gutiérrez to second . Garton pitching for Rays . Cruz struck out swinging . Lee doubled to deep right , O'Malley and Gutiérrez scored , Canó to third . Seager intentionally walked . Iannetta struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 4th . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Motter doubled to left . Decker flied out to left , Motter to third . Casali grounded out to shortstop , Motter scored . Forsythe struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Garton pitching for Rays . Aoki safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Garton . O'Malley walked , Aoki to second . Marte struck out looking . Gutiérrez grounded into double play , third to first , Aoki out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 5th . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Mahtook flied out to right . Pearce struck out swinging . Morrison grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Garton pitching for Rays . Canó singled to right . Cruz struck out swinging . Lee struck out swinging . Seager popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Jennings flied out to right . Beckham doubled to deep center . Motter singled to right , Beckham to third . Decker flied out to right . Casali grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Motter out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Sturdevant pitching for Rays . Iannetta doubled to deep center . Aoki sacrificed to third , Iannetta to third . O'Malley flied out to left , Iannetta out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Diaz pitching for Mariners . Forsythe singled to center . Miller hit for Mahtook . Miller flied out to left . Pearce singled to right center , Forsythe to third . Morrison struck out swinging . Jennings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Miller at shortstop . Beckham at third base . Motter in right field . Sturdevant pitching for Rays . Marte singled to left . Marte caught stealing second , catcher to second . Gutiérrez fouled out to first . Canó flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Benoit pitching for Mariners . Beckham struck out looking . Motter singled to right . Decker reached on infield single to shortstop , Motter to second . Dickerson hit for Casali . Dickerson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Decker out at second , Motter to third . Forsythe walked , Dickerson to second . Miller singled to left , Motter scored , Dickerson to third , Forsythe to second . Pearce struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Conger catching . Beckham at shortstop . Motter at third base . Decker in right field . Dickerson in left field . Sturdevant pitching for Rays . Cruz struck out swinging . Lind hit for Lee . Lind struck out swinging . Seager homered to right ( 367 feet ) . Iannetta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 9th . Lind at first base . Cishek pitching for Mariners . Morrison flied out to left . Jennings grounded out to third . Beckham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 6 - Rays 4 .	Lee drives in 3 runs , Mariners beat Rays 6 - 4 to avoid sweep