Angels - Top 1st . Odorizzi pitching for Rays . Escobar lined out to right . Calhoun struck out swinging . Pujols popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Lincecum pitching for Angels . Forsythe singled to left . Miller struck out swinging . Longoria singled to center , Forsythe to second . Morrison grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Longoria out at second , Forsythe to third . Souza Jr. reached on infield single to shortstop , Forsythe scored , Morrison to second , Morrison to third on throwing error by shortstop Simmons . Souza Jr. stole second . Dickerson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Odorizzi pitching for Rays . Cron homered to center ( 420 feet ) . Nava singled to left . Giavotella singled to right , Nava to second . Simmons singled to left , Nava scored , Giavotella to second , Giavotella to third , Simmons to second on error by left fielder Franklin . Pérez flied out to center . Robinson grounded out to second , Giavotella scored , Simmons to third . Escobar singled to right , Simmons scored . Calhoun flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Angels . Franklin singled to center . Arcia struck out swinging . Conger struck out swinging . Forsythe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Franklin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Odorizzi pitching for Rays . Pujols flied out to center . Cron walked . Nava struck out swinging . Giavotella grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Angels . Miller grounded out to first . Longoria grounded out to third . Morrison homered to right ( 410 feet ) . Souza Jr. tripled to deep right . Dickerson reached on infield single to pitcher , Souza Jr. scored . Dickerson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Franklin batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Guyer in center field . Odorizzi pitching for Rays . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . Robinson lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Lincecum pitching for Angels . Franklin singled to right . Arcia struck out swinging . Franklin to second on wild pitch by Lincecum . Conger grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Franklin out at home . Forsythe walked , Conger to second . Miller grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Odorizzi pitching for Rays . Escobar flied out to center . Calhoun singled to center . Pujols struck out swinging . Cron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Lincecum pitching for Angels . Longoria struck out swinging . Morrison flied out to center . Guyer hit by pitch . Dickerson hit ground rule double to left , Guyer to third . Franklin singled to right , Guyer and Dickerson scored . Guerra pitching for Angels . Arcia fouled out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Odorizzi pitching for Rays . Nava walked . Marte ran for Nava . Giavotella hit ground rule double to deep center , Marte to third . Simmons doubled to right , Marte and Giavotella scored . Pérez sacrificed to third , Simmons to third . Robinson sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Simmons scored . Escobar singled to right , Robinson to second . Sturdevant pitching for Rays . Calhoun flied out to right , Robinson to third . Pujols flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Marte in left field . Guerra pitching for Angels . Conger grounded out to pitcher . Forsythe grounded out to shortstop . Miller grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Sturdevant pitching for Rays . Cron grounded out to first . Marte flied out to left . Giavotella grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Smith pitching for Angels . Longoria grounded out to third . Morrison flied out to center . Guyer singled to center . Dickerson singled to center , Guyer to third . Franklin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Colomé pitching for Rays . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . Robinson doubled to left . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Arcia flied out to left . Conger singled to left . Forsythe grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Conger out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Romero pitching for Rays . Calhoun walked . Pujols singled to left center , Calhoun to second . Cron homered to center ( 417 feet ) , Calhoun and Pujols scored . Eveland pitching for Rays . Marte flied out to right . Giavotella flied out to center . Simmons tripled to deep center . Pérez singled to center , Simmons scored . Robinson hit by pitch , Pérez to second . Trout ran for Robinson . Escobar singled to left center , Pérez scored , Trout to third . Calhoun singled to center , Trout scored , Escobar to second . Pujols grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 9th . Trout in center field . Street pitching for Angels . Miller singled to center . Beckham hit for Longoria . Beckham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Miller out at second . Casali hit for Morrison . Casali struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 13 - Rays 5 .	Cron homers twice , leads Angels over Rays 13 - 5