Blue Jays - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Adams struck out swinging. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Wells walked. Wells stole second. Glaus walked. Overbay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Podsednik tripled to right. Iguchi singled to center, Podsednik scored. Thome struck out swinging, Iguchi stole second. Konerko popped out to first. Dye homered to left, Iguchi scored. Pierzynski singled to right. Crede singled to left, Pierzynski to second. Mackowiak struck out looking. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Hillenbrand grounded out to catcher. Molina flied out to right. Hinske singled to right. McDonald popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Cintron grounded out to first. Podsednik singled to center. Podsednik stole second. Podsednik to third on balk by Towers. Iguchi grounded out to third. Thome homered to right, Podsednik scored. Konerko walked. Dye walked, Konerko to second. Pierzynski flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Adams flied out to center. Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher. Wells singled to right. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Glaus lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Crede walked. Mackowiak flied out to center. Cintron grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Crede out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Overbay flied out to right. Hillenbrand flied out to left. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Podsednik grounded out to first. Iguchi grounded out to pitcher. Thome singled to left center. Konerko doubled to deep left, Thome scored. Konerko to third on wild pitch by Downs. Dye walked. Pierzynski grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Hinske walked. McDonald singled to right, Hinske to third. Adams singled to right, Hinske scored, McDonald to second. Catalanotto walked, McDonald to third, Adams to second. Wells walked, McDonald scored, Adams to third, Catalanotto to second. Glaus struck out swinging. Overbay walked, Adams scored, Catalanotto to third, Wells to second. Hillenbrand flied out to right. Molina safe at first on error by second baseman Iguchi, Catalanotto scored, Wells to third, Overbay to second. Hinske struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 4 - White Sox 6.	Thome ties HR total from '05 in rain-trimmed game