Angels - Top 1st. Haeger pitching for White Sox. Figgins walked. Figgins stole second. Cabrera walked. Guerrero grounded into double play, third to first, Figgins out at third, Cabrera to second. Anderson walked. Cabrera to third, Anderson to second on passed ball by Pierzynski. Salmon flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Podsednik struck out looking. Iguchi flied out to right. Thome struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Haeger pitching for White Sox. Rivera popped out to pitcher. Quinlan flied out to center. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Konerko lined out to third. Dye struck out swinging. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Haeger pitching for White Sox. Kennedy struck out swinging, Kennedy safe at first on passed ball by Pierzynski. Figgins walked, Kennedy to second. Cabrera walked, Kennedy to third, Figgins to second. Guerrero reached on infield single to second, Kennedy scored, Figgins to third, Cabrera to second. Anderson doubled to deep right center, Figgins, Cabrera and Guerrero scored. Salmon popped out to second. Rivera grounded out to second, Anderson to third. Quinlan grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Angels. Crede flied out to center. Uribe struck out swinging. Anderson fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Haeger pitching for White Sox. Molina popped out to shortstop. Kennedy grounded out to pitcher. Figgins grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Angels. Podsednik lined out to shortstop. Iguchi flied out to right. Thome safe at first on error by third baseman Figgins. Konerko grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 5th. Haeger pitching for White Sox. Cabrera walked. Guerrero singled to right, Cabrera to second. Anderson flied out to center. Salmon singled to center, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to third. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Rivera singled to center, Guerrero scored, Salmon to third. Rivera to second on passed ball by Pierzynski. Quinlan struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Angels. Dye grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski hit ground rule double to left. Crede flied out to right, Pierzynski to third. Uribe hit by pitch. Anderson homered to right, Pierzynski and Uribe scored. Podsednik walked. Iguchi struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Kennedy flied out to left. Figgins flied out to left. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Santana pitching for Angels. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko singled to left. Dye grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Konerko out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Guerrero grounded out to third. Anderson struck out swinging. Salmon singled to center. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Salmon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Pierzynski singled to center. Crede flied out to left. Uribe grounded out to pitcher, Pierzynski to second. Anderson reached on infield single to third, Pierzynski to third. Shields pitching for Angels. Podsednik singled to right, Pierzynski scored, Anderson to second. Iguchi singled to center, Anderson scored, Podsednik to third. Thome struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Quinlan grounded out to third. Molina struck out swinging. Kennedy popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Konerko walked. Dye flied out to center. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Ozuna ran for Konerko. Ozuna stole second. Gload at first base. Crede struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera doubled to left. Guerrero intentionally walked. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Anderson struck out swinging. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Salmon singled to center, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to third. Murphy ran for Rivera. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Rivera doubled to deep center, Guerrero and Salmon scored. Quinlan doubled to right, Murphy scored. Molina homered to left, Quinlan scored. Kennedy struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. McPherson at first base. Murphy in center field. Quinlan in right field. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Uribe flied out to center. Anderson grounded out to third. Podsednik struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 12 - White Sox 5.	Angels blow open close game with six-run ninth