White Sox - Top 1st. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Podsednik grounded out to second. Iguchi singled to center. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Rios singled to left center. Catalanotto flied out to right. Wells grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rios out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Dye grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski singled to center. Crede flied out to right. Mackowiak walked, Pierzynski to second. Uribe reached on infield single to shortstop, Pierzynski to third, Mackowiak to second. Podsednik walked, Pierzynski scored, Mackowiak to third, Uribe to second. Iguchi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Podsednik out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Glaus singled to right. Overbay grounded out to shortstop, Glaus to second. Hillenbrand singled to center, Glaus to third. Zaun grounded into fielder's choice to second, Glaus scored, Hillenbrand out at second. Hill flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Dye grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. McDonald grounded out to third. Rios fouled out to first. Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Crede flied out to right. Mackowiak singled to right. Uribe grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Wells flied out to right. Glaus grounded out to third. Overbay walked. Hillenbrand flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop. Thome grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Zaun singled to center. Hill struck out swinging. Zaun caught stealing second, catcher to second. McDonald reached on bunt single to pitcher, McDonald to second on throwing error by pitcher Contreras. Rios grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Konerko singled to center. Dye flied out to left. Pierzynski reached on infield single to first, Konerko to second. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Crede singled to center, Konerko to third, Pierzynski to second. Mackowiak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Catalanotto flied out to left. Wells flied out to center. Glaus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Podsednik struck out swinging. Iguchi struck out swinging. Thome grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Overbay struck out swinging. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Zaun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Konerko fouled out to right. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Pierzynski lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Hill singled to right. McDonald sacrificed to pitcher, Hill to second. Rios popped out to second. Johnson ran for Catalanotto. Catalanotto doubled to left, Hill scored. Wells walked. Johnson in left field. Figueroa at shortstop. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Glaus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wells out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Ozuna hit for Mackowiak. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Crede doubled to right. Ozuna sacrificed to pitcher, Crede to third, Ozuna safe at first on error by catcher Zaun. Crede to third on error by catcher Zaun. Uribe reached on infield single to shortstop, Crede scored, Ozuna to second. Podsednik grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ozuna out at third, Uribe to second. Iguchi struck out swinging. Anderson in center field. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Thome struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Overbay doubled to right. Hillenbrand lined out to shortstop. Zaun lined out to shortstop. Hinske ran for Overbay. Hill walked. Hinske at first base. Figueroa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 10th. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Konerko struck out swinging. Dye singled to center. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Crede singled to right, Dye thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 10th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Rios walked. Nelson pitching for White Sox. Johnson bunt popped out to pitcher. Wells struck out swinging. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Glaus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 11th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Anderson singled to center. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Uribe grounded into double play, third to second to first, Anderson out at second. Podsednik singled to center. Iguchi singled to left center, Podsednik to third. Thome flied out to left. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 11th. Nelson pitching for White Sox. Hinske walked. Hinske caught stealing second, catcher to second. Hillenbrand homered to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Blue Jays 3.	Jays nip ChiSox in 11 innings