White Sox - Top 1st. Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays. Podsednik tripled to deep center. Cintron hit sacrifice fly to left, Podsednik scored. Thome safe at first on error by shortstop Figueroa. Konerko struck out swinging. Dye reached on infield single to shortstop, Thome to second. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Catalanotto hit by pitch. Wells walked, Catalanotto to second. Glaus struck out swinging. Catalanotto caught stealing third, catcher to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 2nd. Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays. Crede walked. Mackowiak walked, Crede to second. Uribe bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Crede out at third, Mackowiak to second. Podsednik walked, Mackowiak to third, Uribe to second. Cintron singled to center, Mackowiak scored, Uribe to third, Podsednik to second. Thome walked, Uribe scored, Podsednik to third, Cintron to second. Konerko grounded into double play, second to first, Thome out at second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Overbay homered to right center. Hillenbrand flied out to center. Zaun flied out to left. Hill grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays. Dye doubled to left. Pierzynski fouled out to third. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Crede singled to center, Dye scored. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Uribe struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Figueroa grounded out to shortstop. Rios flied out to center. Catalanotto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Podsednik singled to left center. Cintron flied out to center. Podsednik caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Thome walked. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Wells doubled to deep center. Glaus flied out to right. Overbay popped out to shortstop. Hillenbrand grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Dye homered to center. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Crede fouled out to first. Mackowiak flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Zaun flied out to center. Hill flied out to left. Figueroa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Uribe singled to deep left. Podsednik struck out looking. Cintron flied out to right. Thome grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Rios struck out swinging. Catalanotto reached on infield single to shortstop. Wells popped out to second. Glaus homered to left, Catalanotto scored. Overbay homered to center. Hillenbrand walked. Zaun singled to right, Hillenbrand to second. Rosario pitching for Blue Jays. Hill struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Rosario pitching for Blue Jays. Konerko flied out to right. Dye grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski singled to right, Pierzynski out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Figueroa doubled to right. Figueroa to third on wild pitch by McCarthy. Rios struck out swinging. Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop, Figueroa scored. Wells safe at second on error by left fielder Podsednik. Glaus grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 8th. Rosario pitching for Blue Jays. Crede flied out to center. Mackowiak homered to right center. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Uribe flied out to right. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Overbay walked. Hillenbrand grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Overbay out at second. Zaun grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Cintron safe at first on error by third baseman Glaus. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Thome flied out to right. Konerko struck out looking, Cintron stole second. Dye walked. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Anderson in center field. Mackowiak in left field. Pierzynski grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Hinske hit for Figueroa. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Hill grounded out to second. Hinske grounded out to first. Rios grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Blue Jays 5.	Dye, Mackowiak homer to help White Sox avoid sweep