Indians - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Sizemore grounded out to first. Michaels flied out to center. Hafner reached on infield single to second. Martinez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Podsednik grounded out to first. Iguchi flied out to right. Thome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Broussard walked. Belliard doubled to deep left center, Broussard scored. Hollandsworth popped out to third. Boone fouled out to shortstop. Vazquez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Konerko lined out to left. Dye grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Sizemore struck out swinging. Michaels walked. Hafner singled to right, Michaels to third. Martinez singled to right, Michaels scored, Hafner to second. Broussard singled to right, Hafner to third, Martinez to second. Belliard grounded out to third, Hafner scored, Martinez to third, Broussard to second. Hollandsworth lined out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Crede lined out to right. Cintron homered to right. Anderson singled to center. Podsednik bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Anderson out at second. Iguchi singled to right, Podsednik to second. Thome singled to right, Podsednik scored, Iguchi to second. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thome out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Boone struck out swinging. Vazquez flied out to left. Sizemore doubled to deep right. Michaels grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Dye safe at first on error by shortstop Vazquez. Pierzynski singled to right, Dye to second. Crede grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pierzynski out at second, Dye to third. Cintron walked. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Hafner walked. Hafner to second on wild pitch by Garcia. Martinez homered to right, Hafner scored. Broussard walked. Belliard homered to left, Broussard scored. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. Boone popped out to third. Vazquez grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Podsednik grounded out to pitcher. Iguchi lined out to second. Thome grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Sizemore grounded out to second. Michaels grounded out to third. Tracey pitching for White Sox. Hafner homered to right. Martinez flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Konerko grounded out to pitcher. Dye grounded out to second. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Tracey pitching for White Sox. Broussard walked. Broussard to second on wild pitch by Tracey. Broussard to third on wild pitch by Tracey. Belliard walked. Hollandsworth popped out to second. Boone singled to right, Broussard scored, Belliard to second. Vazquez popped out to first. Sizemore flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Crede grounded out to shortstop. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. Anderson safe at first on error by shortstop Vazquez. Gload at first base. Ozuna at third base. Podsednik grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 8th. Tracey pitching for White Sox. Michaels homered to left. Hafner hit by pitch. Martinez flied out to center. Broussard popped out to shortstop. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hafner out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Iguchi grounded out to first. Thome struck out swinging. Mackowiak hit for Dye. Gload doubled to deep right. Mackowiak hit by pitch. Mackowiak in right field. Montero pitching for White Sox. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Montero pitching for White Sox. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. Boone popped out to second. Davis pitching for Indians. Vazquez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Davis pitching for Indians. Ozuna reached on infield single to shortstop. Cintron doubled to deep right, Ozuna to third. Anderson homered to center, Ozuna and Cintron scored. Podsednik safe at first on error by shortstop Vazquez. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Iguchi singled to center, Podsednik to second. Thome flied out to center, Podsednik to third. Gload singled to left, Podsednik scored, Iguchi to third. Wickman pitching for Indians. Gload to second on fielder's indifference. Mackowiak hit sacrifice fly to right, Iguchi scored. Pierzynski singled to center, Gload scored. Ozuna flied out to right. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Indians 10 - White Sox 8.	Indians club four homers in victory over White Sox