Orioles - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Mora flied out to right. Tejada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Ortiz pitching for Orioles. Podsednik grounded out to second. Cintron flied out to left. Thome flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Conine singled to left center. Hernandez struck out swinging, Conine stole second. Patterson flied out to left. Lopez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Orioles. Konerko singled to left. Dye grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Konerko out at second. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Millar walked. Fahey singled to center, Millar to second. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to second, Millar scored on throwing error by second baseman Cintron, Fahey safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Cintron. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to third, Roberts out at second, Fahey to third. Tejada doubled to left, Fahey scored, Mora to third. Conine grounded out to shortstop, Mora scored. Hernandez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Orioles. Crede grounded out to shortstop. Uribe safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Tejada. Anderson singled to right, Uribe to second. Podsednik singled to left, Uribe to third, Anderson to second. Cintron walked, Uribe scored, Anderson to third, Podsednik to second. Thome homered to center, Anderson, Podsednik and Cintron scored. Konerko popped out to shortstop. Dye grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 4th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Patterson struck out swinging. Lopez flied out to right. Millar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Ortiz pitching for Orioles. Pierzynski flied out to center. Crede doubled to deep left center. Uribe walked. Anderson singled to left, Crede thrown out at home, Uribe to third. Podsednik popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Fahey grounded out to pitcher. Roberts flied out to center. Mora flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Ortiz pitching for Orioles. Cintron singled to center. Thome homered to left, Cintron scored. Konerko flied out to center. Dye grounded out to second. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Tejada doubled to deep right. Conine grounded out to second, Tejada to third. Hernandez hit by pitch. Riske pitching for White Sox. Patterson singled to center, Tejada scored, Hernandez to second. Lopez struck out swinging. Millar singled to center, Hernandez scored, Patterson to second. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Terrero hit for Fahey. Terrero struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Terrero in right field. Britton pitching for Orioles. Crede flied out to center. Uribe struck out swinging. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Roberts grounded out to second. Mora struck out swinging. Tejada flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Podsednik bunt popped out to second. Cintron reached on infield single to shortstop. Thome flied out to left. Williams pitching for Orioles. Konerko reached on infield single to third, Cintron to second. Dye homered to left, Cintron and Konerko scored. Pierzynski homered to right. Crede flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Politte pitching for White Sox. Conine grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez flied out to left. Patterson singled to left. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Patterson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Rleal pitching for Orioles. Uribe struck out swinging. Anderson struck out looking. Podsednik reached on infield single to second. Cintron flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Clark hit for Terrero. Politte pitching for White Sox. Millar singled to left. Clark walked, Millar to second. Roberts flied out to center. Mora struck out swinging. Tejada doubled to left, Millar scored, Clark to third. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Conine singled to right, Clark and Tejada scored. Hernandez singled to left, Conine to second. Patterson struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 8 - White Sox 11.	Thome's two HRs, six RBI power White Sox past Orioles