White Sox - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Podsednik walked. Cintron singled to center, Podsednik to second. Podsednik to third, Cintron to second on balk by Hernandez. Pierzynski reached on infield single to shortstop, Podsednik scored, Cintron to third. Konerko walked, Pierzynski to second. Cintron scored, Pierzynski to third, Konerko to second on balk by Hernandez. Dye popped out to second. Gload reached on infield single to shortstop, Pierzynski scored, Konerko to third. Crede grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gload out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Contreras pitching for White Sox. DeJesus lined out to right. Grudzielanek singled to right. Grudzielanek to second on wild pitch by Contreras. Teahen walked. Brown singled to center, Grudzielanek to third, Teahen to second. Costa singled to left, Grudzielanek scored, Teahen to third, Brown to second. German hit by pitch, Teahen scored, Brown to third, Costa to second. Gathright grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, German out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Uribe popped out to first. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik singled to center. Cintron homered to center, Podsednik scored. Pierzynski flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Buck struck out looking. Blanco grounded out to second. DeJesus safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Uribe. Grudzielanek singled to center, DeJesus to third. Teahen walked, Grudzielanek to second. Brown reached on infield single to shortstop, DeJesus scored, Grudzielanek to third, Teahen to second. Costa popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Konerko flied out to left. Dye homered to left center. Gload singled to center. Crede homered to right center, Gload scored. Uribe popped out to shortstop. Anderson flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. German flied out to center. Gathright flied out to center. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Buck popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Podsednik struck out swinging. Cintron grounded out to second. Pierzynski grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Blanco popped out to first. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Konerko struck out swinging. Dye flied out to left. Gload grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Teahen grounded out to second. Brown lined out to center. Costa grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Crede singled to left. Uribe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Crede out at second. Anderson singled to left center. Podsednik flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. German lined out to center. Gathright reached on infield single to shortstop. Gathright stole second. Buck singled to right, Gathright scored. Blanco flied out to left. DeJesus singled to center, Buck to second. Peralta pitching for Royals. Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Cintron grounded out to first. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Konerko walked. Dye struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Teahen tripled to deep right. Brown struck out swinging. Costa fouled out to first. German struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Gload flied out to left. Crede flied out to center. Uribe doubled to right. Uribe to third on wild pitch by Peralta. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Anderson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Gathright grounded out to third. Buck popped out to second. Blanco grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Podsednik fouled out to catcher. Cintron singled to center. Pierzynski flied out to center. Cintron caught stealing second, catcher to second. Konerko batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. DeJesus struck out swinging. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Teahen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 8 - Royals 4.	Contreras back to winning ways as ChiSox club Royals