Rangers - Top 1st . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Profar singled to left . Desmond homered to left center ( 401 feet ) , Profar scored . Fielder popped out to shortstop . Beltré struck out swinging . Mazara grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Davis struck out swinging . Kipnis struck out swinging . Lindor walked . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lindor out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Moreland lined out to center . Andrus singled to right . Rua doubled to left , Andrus to third . Holaday hit sacrifice fly to center , Andrus scored . Profar grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Ramírez flied out to center . Uribe singled to left center . Byrd doubled to deep right , Uribe to third . Gomes lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Desmond doubled to deep center . Fielder grounded out to second , Desmond to third . Beltré reached on infield single to shortstop . Mazara popped out to shortstop . Moreland safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Tomlin , Desmond scored , Beltré to second . Andrus singled to left , Beltré scored , Moreland to second . Rua lined out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Davis popped out to second . Kipnis lined out to right . Lindor lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Holaday singled to right . Profar grounded out to second , Holaday to second . Desmond lined out to left . Fielder singled to center , Holaday scored . Beltré safe at first on error by third baseman Uribe , Fielder to second , Fielder to third on throwing error by third baseman Uribe . Adams pitching for Indians . Mazara homered to center ( 453 feet ) , Fielder and Beltré scored . Moreland lined out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Napoli flied out to right . Santana grounded out to second . Ramírez singled to right . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Merritt pitching for Indians . Andrus singled to right . Rua grounded into double play , third to second to first , Andrus out at second . Holaday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Byrd singled to left . Gomes lined out to right . Davis singled to center , Byrd to second . Kipnis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Merritt pitching for Indians . Profar struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Fielder grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Lindor lined out to right . Napoli homered to left ( 416 feet ) . Santana lined out to center . Ramírez walked . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramírez out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Martínez in center field . Chisenhall in right field . Ramírez at second base . Byrd in left field . Merritt pitching for Indians . Beltré grounded out to shortstop . Mazara grounded out to third . Moreland flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Ramos pitching for Rangers . Byrd homered to left center ( 410 feet ) . Gomes struck out swinging . Martínez singled to right . Chisenhall singled to right , Martínez to second . Lindor grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Chisenhall out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Gimenez at first base . Merritt pitching for Indians . Andrus safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Uribe . Rua grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Andrus out at second . Holaday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 8th . Ramos pitching for Rangers . Gimenez walked . Santana grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gimenez out at second . Ramírez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Merritt pitching for Indians . Profar struck out swinging . Allen pitching for Indians . Desmond lined out to center . Hoying hit for Fielder . Hoying walked . Beltré flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Ramos pitching for Rangers . Uribe singled to center . Byrd singled to left center , Uribe to second . Gomes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Byrd out at second , Uribe to third . Martínez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 9 - Indians 2 .	Mazara , Desmond homer as Rangers rout Indians 9 - 2