Indians - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Davis popped out to second . Kipnis popped out to second . Lindor walked . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Kluber pitching for Indians . Merrifield singled to center . Escobar sacrificed to third , Merrifield to second . Hosmer doubled to deep right center , Merrifield scored . Cain doubled to deep left , Hosmer scored . Pérez struck out swinging . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Santana fouled out to first . Chisenhall singled to left . Gomes grounded into double play , third to second to first , Chisenhall out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Fuentes safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Kipnis . Colón grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fuentes safe at second on error by third baseman Martínez . Butera sacrificed to catcher , Fuentes to third , Colón to second . Merrifield popped out to second . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Naquin struck out swinging . Martínez reached on bunt single to second , Martínez to second on error by first baseman Hosmer . Davis hit by pitch . Kipnis struck out swinging . Lindor popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Hosmer struck out swinging . Cain struck out swinging . Pérez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Napoli struck out looking . Santana grounded out to second . Chisenhall flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Cuthbert struck out swinging . Fuentes struck out swinging . Colón grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Gomes flied out to right . Naquin struck out swinging . Martínez reached on infield single to first . Davis homered to left ( 409 feet ) , Martínez scored . Kipnis safe at second on error by right fielder Fuentes . Lindor flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 5th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Butera doubled to right center . Merrifield lined out to first . Escobar grounded out to second , Butera to third . Butera scored on Kluber 's wild pitch . Hosmer safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Martínez . Cain singled to right , Hosmer to third . Pérez homered to center ( 423 feet ) , Hosmer and Cain scored . Cuthbert walked . Fuentes struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Napoli flied out to center . Santana lined out to first . Chisenhall flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Colón singled to right . Butera singled to right , Colón to third . Otero pitching for Indians . Merrifield singled to right , Colón scored , Butera to second . Escobar singled to left , Butera to third , Merrifield to second . Gorzelanny pitching for Indians . Hosmer grounded out to second , Butera scored , Merrifield to third , Escobar to second . Cain intentionally walked . Manship pitching for Indians . Pérez struck out swinging . Cuthbert walked , Merrifield scored , Escobar to third , Cain to second . Fuentes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cuthbert out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Merrifield in right field . Dyson in left field . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . Naquin walked . Martínez homered to right center ( 416 feet ) , Naquin scored . Davis struck out swinging . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Kipnis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Colón flied out to right . Butera struck out swinging . Merrifield lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Lindor struck out swinging . Napoli flied out to left . Santana flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Allen pitching for Indians . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . Cain struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Wang pitching for Royals . Chisenhall grounded out to second . Gomes grounded out to third . Naquin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Royals 9 .	Royals roll past Indians 9 - 4 to complete 3 - game sweep