Indians - Top 1st . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Kipnis doubled to deep right . Lindor struck out looking . Napoli flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Kluber pitching for Indians . Carrera fouled out to right . Donaldson singled to left . Encarnación flied out to left . Saunders doubled to left , Donaldson to third . Martin homered to center ( 420 feet ) , Donaldson and Saunders scored . Tulowitzki singled to right . Smoak struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Ramírez struck out swinging . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Lake safe at first on error by third baseman Ramírez . Barney walked , Lake to second . Carrera sacrificed to pitcher , Lake to third , Barney to second . Donaldson intentionally walked . Encarnación struck out swinging . Saunders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 3rd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Almonte struck out looking . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki singled to left . Smoak popped out to third . Lake walked , Tulowitzki to second . Barney struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Kipnis grounded out to first . Lindor struck out swinging . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Carrera walked . Donaldson singled to center , Carrera to third . Encarnación hit sacrifice fly to shortstop , Carrera scored . Saunders doubled to right , Donaldson to third . Chamberlain pitching for Indians . Martin intentionally walked . Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to right , Donaldson scored , Saunders to third . Smoak flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Santana doubled to deep right center . Ramírez fouled out to right , Santana to third . Gomes struck out swinging . Almonte grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Chamberlain pitching for Indians . Lake lined out to second . Barney safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Kipnis . Barney caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Carrera walked . Donaldson walked , Carrera to second . Encarnación flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Davis flied out to right . Kipnis popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Gorzelanny pitching for Indians . Saunders walked . Martin walked , Saunders to second . Tulowitzki homered to left ( 421 feet ) , Saunders and Martin scored . Smoak grounded out to shortstop . Lake walked . Barney singled to right , Lake to second . Carrera singled to right , Lake scored , Barney to third . Donaldson singled to right , Barney scored , Carrera to second . Hunter pitching for Indians . Gimenez at third base . Ramírez at second base . Encarnación hit ground rule double to left , Carrera scored , Donaldson to third . Saunders singled to left , Donaldson scored , Encarnación to third . Martin singled to center , Encarnación scored , Saunders to second . Tulowitzki fouled out to first . Smoak struck out swinging . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Lindor grounded out to shortstop . Napoli struck out swinging . Santana singled to center . Ramírez singled to right center , Santana to third . Gomes singled to left , Santana scored , Ramírez to third . Almonte struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Gimenez pitching for Indians . Naquin in right field . Chisenhall at third base . Lake lined out to left . Barney flied out to center . Carrera popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Storen pitching for Blue Jays . Chisenhall flied out to right . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Gimenez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Gimenez pitching for Indians . Donaldson doubled to deep left . Encarnación doubled to left , Donaldson scored . Saunders flied out to center , Encarnación to third . Martin singled to right , Encarnación scored . Tulowitzki popped out to second . Smoak homered to right ( 413 feet ) , Martin scored . Lake grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Thole catching . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Lindor struck out swinging . Naquin flied out to right . Santana struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 1 - Blue Jays 17 .	Tulowitkzi , Martin power Blue Jays in 17 - 1 rout of Indians