Indians - Top 1st . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Santana struck out swinging . Kipnis singled to right . Kipnis caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Lindor grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Gardner grounded out to pitcher . Ellsbury singled to left . Teixeira doubled to deep right , Ellsbury to third . McCann grounded out to second , Ellsbury scored , Teixeira to third . Headley grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Napoli walked . Ramírez struck out swinging . Napoli caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Chisenhall grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Castro grounded out to pitcher . Sánchez grounded out to pitcher . Refsnyder singled to center . Hicks popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Naquin struck out swinging . Almonte struck out swinging . Gimenez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Gardner grounded out to shortstop . Ellsbury doubled to deep right . Teixeira reached on infield single to second , Ellsbury to third . McCann doubled to deep right center , Ellsbury scored , Teixeira to third . Headley intentionally walked . Castro homered to right ( 369 feet ) , Teixeira , McCann and Headley scored . Sánchez grounded out to third . Refsnyder flied out to left . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Santana singled to center . Kipnis grounded out to first , Santana to second . Lindor struck out swinging . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Hicks struck out swinging . Gardner grounded out to pitcher . Ellsbury singled to right . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Ramírez singled to right . Chisenhall flied out to center . Naquin grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ramírez out at second . Almonte doubled to left , Naquin to third . Gimenez homered to left center ( 398 feet ) , Naquin and Almonte scored . Santana flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . McCann grounded out to second . Headley struck out looking . Castro walked . Sánchez doubled to deep right center , Castro scored . McAllister pitching for Indians . Refsnyder reached on infield single to third , Sánchez to third . Hicks flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Kipnis struck out swinging . Lindor flied out to center . Napoli flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Morimando pitching for Indians . Gardner grounded out to shortstop . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Teixeira walked . McCann walked , Teixeira to second . Headley singled to center , Teixeira scored , McCann to second . Castro walked , McCann to third , Headley to second . Sánchez walked , McCann scored , Headley to third , Castro to second . Refsnyder grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castro out at third , Sánchez to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Ramírez doubled to right . Bleier pitching for Yankees . Guyer hit for Chisenhall . Guyer flied out to right , Ramírez to third . Naquin grounded out to shortstop , Ramírez scored . Clippard pitching for Yankees . Almonte singled to right . Gimenez hit by pitch , Almonte to second . Santana fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Guyer in left field . Almonte in right field . Morimando pitching for Indians . Hicks homered to left ( 354 feet ) . Gardner tripled to deep right center . Crockett pitching for Indians . Ellsbury singled to right center , Gardner scored . Torreyes ran for Ellsbury . Teixeira grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Torreyes out at second . McCann popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Torreyes at shortstop . Castro at second base . Refsnyder in right field . Hicks in center field . Barbato pitching for Yankees . Romine at first base . Kipnis walked . Martínez ran for Kipnis . Lindor singled to center , Martínez to second . Napoli singled to left , Martínez scored , Lindor to second . Ramírez singled to right , Lindor to third , Napoli to second . Warren pitching for Yankees . Guyer singled to right , Lindor scored , Napoli to third , Ramírez to second . Naquin struck out swinging . Almonte hit sacrifice fly to center , Napoli scored . Gimenez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Martínez at second base . Crockett pitching for Indians . Headley flied out to right . Castro singled to right . Castro to second on wild pitch by Crockett . Sánchez struck out swinging . Refsnyder intentionally walked . Castro to third , Refsnyder to second on balk by Crockett . Hicks walked . Gardner singled to left center , Castro and Refsnyder scored , Hicks to second . Torreyes flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Goody pitching for Yankees . Santana walked . Martínez struck out looking . Lindor flied out to center . Santana to second on fielder 's indifference . Napoli walked . Ramírez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 7 - Yankees 13 .	Starlin Castro 's slam leads Yankees over Indians 13 - 7