White Sox - Top 1st . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Eaton struck out looking . Saladino flied out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Ranaudo pitching for White Sox . Santana grounded out to second . Kipnis flied out to right . Lindor grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Abreu struck out swinging . Morneau fouled out to first . Frazier struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Ranaudo pitching for White Sox . Napoli flied out to center . Ramírez doubled to deep right . Chisenhall homered to right ( 379 feet ) , Ramírez scored . Naquin struck out looking . Guyer singled to center . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Shuck singled to right . Anderson homered to left ( 381 feet ) , Shuck scored . Navarro struck out swinging . Eaton struck out looking . Saladino singled to right . Saladino caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Cabrera batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Ranaudo pitching for White Sox . Santana homered to right ( 423 feet ) . Kipnis grounded out to third . Lindor singled to left . Napoli walked , Lindor to second . Ramírez flied out to right , Lindor to third . Chisenhall singled to right , Lindor scored , Napoli to second . Naquin struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Cabrera lined out to center . Abreu singled to left . Morneau doubled to left , Abreu to third . Frazier doubled to deep center , Abreu and Morneau scored . Shuck safe at second on error by second baseman Kipnis , Frazier scored , Shuck advanced to first on Kipnis error , Shuck thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Anderson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Ranaudo pitching for White Sox . Guyer singled to right . Pérez grounded out to second , Guyer to second . Santana singled to left , Guyer to third . Kipnis hit sacrifice fly to left , Guyer scored . Lindor grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Navarro lined out to left . Eaton doubled to center . Saladino struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Ynoa pitching for White Sox . Napoli struck out looking . Ramírez walked . Chisenhall flied out to left . Naquin singled to right , Ramírez to third . Naquin stole second . Guyer singled to right center , Ramírez and Naquin scored . Pérez walked , Guyer to second . Kahnle pitching for White Sox . Santana grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Abreu struck out swinging . Morneau struck out swinging . Frazier struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Kahnle pitching for White Sox . Kipnis struck out swinging . Lindor safe at second on error by left fielder Cabrera . Napoli fouled out to shortstop . Ramírez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Shuck grounded out to shortstop . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Navarro singled to right . Crockett pitching for Indians . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Navarro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Chisenhall fouled out to third . Davis hit for Naquin . Davis singled to right . Guyer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Davis in center field . Shaw pitching for Indians . Saladino flied out to left . Cabrera singled to left . Abreu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Turner pitching for White Sox . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . Santana walked . Santana stole second . Kipnis grounded out to second , Santana to third . Lindor grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Allen pitching for Indians . Morneau struck out swinging . Frazier reached on infield single to shortstop , Frazier to second on throwing error by shortstop Lindor . Shuck reached on infield single to second . Anderson walked , Frazier to third , Shuck to second . Navarro singled to shallow left , Frazier scored , Shuck to third , Anderson to second . Coats ran for Navarro . Eaton homered to right ( 398 feet ) , Shuck , Anderson and Coats scored . Otero pitching for Indians . Saladino grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 9th . Narvaez catching . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Napoli walked . Ramírez flied out to center . Chisenhall singled to center , Napoli to second . Davis struck out swinging . Guyer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 10 - Indians 7 .	Eaton 's grand slam in 9th lifts White Sox past Indians 10 - 7