Blue Jays - Top 1st . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Travis singled to right . Carrera struck out swinging . Encarnación singled to left , Travis to second . Martin popped out to shortstop . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Encarnación out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Santana struck out swinging . Kipnis struck out swinging . Lindor struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Saunders grounded out to second . Upton Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Barney singled to center . Goins doubled to deep right , Barney to third . Travis reached on infield single to third , Barney and Goins scored . Carrera grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . Ramírez grounded out to second . Chisenhall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Encarnación struck out swinging . Martin homered to right center ( 397 feet ) . Tulowitzki doubled to deep right center . Saunders grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tulowitzki out at third . Upton Jr. homered to right center ( 414 feet ) , Saunders scored . Barney struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Naquin grounded out to shortstop . Almonte safe at first on error by shortstop Goins . Gimenez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Almonte out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Goins grounded out to second . Travis grounded out to third . Carrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Santana walked . Kipnis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Santana safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Travis . Lindor singled to center , Santana to third , Kipnis to second . Napoli hit sacrifice fly to center , Santana scored , Kipnis to third . Ramírez singled to center , Kipnis scored , Lindor to second . Chisenhall homered to right ( 427 feet ) , Lindor and Ramírez scored . Naquin struck out looking . Almonte singled to center . Gimenez lined out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Encarnación homered to left ( 432 feet ) . Martin struck out swinging . Tulowitzki walked . Otero pitching for Indians . Saunders grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Tulowitzki out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Biagini pitching for Blue Jays . Santana grounded out to second . Kipnis grounded out to second . Lindor flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Otero pitching for Indians . Upton Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Barney singled to center . Goins singled to right , Barney to third . Travis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Barney out at home , Goins to second . Carrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Biagini pitching for Blue Jays . Napoli fouled out to first . Ramírez grounded out to second . Chisenhall doubled to deep right center . Naquin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Encarnación lined out to right . Martin singled to center . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Saunders singled to left , Martin to third . Upton Jr. grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Benoit pitching for Blue Jays . Almonte grounded out to first . Davis hit for Gimenez . Davis struck out swinging . Santana grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Pérez catching . McAllister pitching for Indians . Barney struck out swinging . Goins popped out to third . Travis singled to center . Carrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Grilli pitching for Blue Jays . Kipnis struck out swinging . Lindor singled to center . Napoli grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lindor out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Manship pitching for Indians . Encarnación grounded out to third . Martin struck out swinging . Tulowitzki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Smoak at first base . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Ramírez lined out to left . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Naquin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - Indians 5 .	Encarnacion , Osuna lead Blue Jays over Indians 6 - 5