Dodgers - Top 1st. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Gordon popped out to shortstop. Puig struck out swinging. Gonzalez doubled to deep left. Ramirez walked. Kemp flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Rojas at shortstop. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Gomez flied out to center. Parra singled to center. Braun doubled to center, Parra to third. Ramirez singled to left, Parra scored, Braun to third. Gennett hit sacrifice fly to center, Braun scored. Overbay grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Crawford grounded out to second. Uribe lined out to center. Butera lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Maldonado flied out to right. Herrera lined out to right. Lohse grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Hernandez singled to right. Gordon lined out to left. Puig popped out to second. Gonzalez walked, Hernandez to second. Rojas struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Gomez struck out swinging. Parra flied out to left. Braun grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Crawford singled to left. Uribe grounded out to third, Crawford to second. Butera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Ramirez fouled out to catcher. Gennett flied out to left. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Hernandez grounded out to pitcher. Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop. Puig fouled into double play, first to pitcher, Gordon doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Maldonado struck out swinging. Herrera struck out looking. Lohse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez homered to right center (402 feet). Rojas grounded out to shortstop. Kemp doubled to left. Crawford grounded out to shortstop, Kemp to third. Uribe hit by pitch. Butera grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Gomez grounded out to third. Parra flied out to center. Braun grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Wooten pitching for Brewers. Turner singled to center. Duke pitching for Brewers. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Turner out at second. Gordon to second on wild pitch by Duke. Puig walked. Gonzalez singled to right, Gordon scored, Puig to third. Ethier hit for Rojas. Ethier reached on infield single to shortstop, Puig scored, Gonzalez to second. Kemp lined into double play, shortstop to second, Gonzalez doubled off second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Wright pitching for Dodgers. Ramirez lined out to shortstop. Weeks hit for Gennett. Weeks walked. League pitching for Dodgers. Reynolds singled to center, Weeks to third. Maldonado sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Weeks scored, Reynolds to second. Herrera flied out to center. Davis safe at first on error by shortstop Turner, Reynolds to third, Maldonado to second. Gomez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Turner, Reynolds scored, Maldonado to third, Davis to second. Parra singled to center, Maldonado and Davis scored, Gomez to second, Gomez tagged out at third attempting to advance on play. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 3 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Crawford struck out swinging. Uribe grounded out to first. Butera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Frias pitching for Dodgers. Braun walked. Ramirez singled to right, Braun to second. Weeks homered to left center (423 feet), Braun and Ramirez scored. Reynolds flied out to right. Maldonado flied out to right. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Kintzler pitching for Brewers. Turner grounded out to shortstop. Gordon grounded out to third. Puig grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 3 - Brewers 9.	Brewers rally past Dodgers