White Sox - Top 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Jimenez grounded out to shortstop . Graffanino struck out swinging . Thomas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Johnson doubled to deep left center . Catalanotto sacrificed to third , Johnson to third . Wells hit sacrifice fly to right , Johnson scored . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Ordonez fouled out to deep right . Lee doubled to right . Lee stole third . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lee out at third , Konerko to second advancing on play . Crede singled to right center , Konerko scored , Crede to second advancing on throw . Borchard grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Wilson singled to right . Phelps grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson out at second , Phelps to second on throwing error by second baseman Jimenez . Hudson walked . Bordick grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hudson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Olivo grounded out to third . Jimenez reached on infield single to shortstop . Graffanino doubled to deep left center , Jimenez scored . Thomas flied out to shallow center . Ordonez flied out to deep right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Woodward grounded out to third . Johnson grounded out to first . Catalanotto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Lee doubled to right center . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Crede flied out to left . Borchard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Wells grounded out to third . Delgado grounded out to second . Wilson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Olivo lined out to shortstop . Jimenez grounded out to shortstop . Graffanino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Phelps lined out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to pitcher . Bordick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Thomas flied out to right . Ordonez homered to left . Lee walked . Konerko flied out to deep right , Lee to second . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Crede flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Woodward singled to center . Johnson safe at first on error by shortstop Graffanino , Woodward to second . Catalanotto safe at second on error by left fielder Lee , Woodward scored , Johnson to third . Wells walked . Delgado singled to center , Johnson and Catalanotto scored , Wells to second . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wells to third , Delgado to second . Phelps struck out swinging . Hudson grounded out to third , Wells scored , Delgado to third , Wilson to second . Bordick singled to left , Delgado scored , Wilson thrown out at home . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Borchard grounded out to pitcher . Olivo singled to left . Jimenez homered to right , Olivo scored . Valentin hit for Graffanino . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Valentin singled to center . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Thomas popped out to shallow center . Valentin at shortstop . White pitching for White Sox . Ordonez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . White pitching for White Sox . Woodward homered to left . Johnson hit by pitch . Wunsch pitching for White Sox . Catalanotto grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Johnson out at second . Wells grounded out to third , Catalanotto to second . Delgado walked . Glover pitching for White Sox . Myers hit for Wilson . Myers catching . Myers grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Lee walked . Konerko struck out swinging . Crede struck out swinging . Tam pitching for Blue Jays . Borchard grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lee out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Glover pitching for White Sox . Phelps homered to right . Hudson singled to center . Hudson stole second , Hudson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Olivo . Bordick popped out to shallow center . Woodward singled to left , Hudson scored . Johnson flied out to deep right . Sanders pitching for White Sox . Catalanotto tripled to deep left , Woodward scored . Wells singled to left center , Catalanotto scored . Delgado flied out to deep left . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Tam pitching for Blue Jays . Olivo popped out to second . Jimenez walked . Valentin grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jimenez out at second . Thomas walked , Valentin to second . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thomas out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Blue Jays 11 .	Jays continue recent success with rout of ChiSox