White Sox - Top 1st . Standridge pitching for Devil Rays . Alomar hit ground rule double to deep left . Rowand sacrificed to pitcher , Alomar to third . Thomas hit sacrifice fly to center , Alomar scored . Ordonez tripled to deep right . Everett struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Lugo grounded out to second . Baldelli grounded out to second . Huff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Standridge pitching for Devil Rays . Konerko grounded out to third . Valentin singled to right . Crede homered to center , Valentin scored . Alomar Jr doubled to left . Alomar grounded out to second , Alomar Jr to third . Rowand singled to right center , Alomar Jr scored . Thomas flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Lee struck out swinging . Hall grounded out to pitcher . Rolls grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Standridge pitching for Devil Rays . Ordonez homered to center . Everett doubled to deep left center . Konerko walked . Reyes pitching for Devil Rays . Everett to third , Konerko to second on wild pitch by Reyes . Valentin homered to right , Everett and Konerko scored . Crede flied out to left . Alomar Jr singled to left center . Alomar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Alomar Jr out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Perez doubled to left center . Shumpert grounded out to third , Perez to third . Crawford singled to center , Perez scored . Lugo flied out to center . Baldelli flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Reyes pitching for Devil Rays . Rowand grounded out to third . Thomas struck out looking . Ordonez flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Huff grounded out to first . Lee grounded out to second . Hall popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Reyes pitching for Devil Rays . Everett lined out to right . Konerko grounded out to third . Valentin reached on infield single to third . Crede doubled to left center , Valentin scored . Alomar Jr singled to left , Crede scored . Alomar flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Rolls singled to left . Perez grounded out to third , Rolls to second . Shumpert grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rolls out at third . Shumpert to second on fielder 's indifference . Crawford reached on infield single to first , Shumpert scored . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crawford out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Reyes pitching for Devil Rays . Rowand doubled to left . Thomas flied out to deep center . Ordonez grounded out to third . Everett singled to right , Rowand scored . Konerko grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Baldelli singled to right . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Baldelli safe at second on error by shortstop Valentin . Lee flied out to left . Hall popped out to first . Rolls grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Reyes pitching for Devil Rays . Valentin hit by pitch . Valentin to second on fielder 's indifference . Crede popped out to shortstop . Harris hit for Alomar . Alomar Jr struck out swinging . Harris at second base . Graffanino at shortstop . Harris flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Perez flied out to left . Shumpert tripled to left center . Crawford singled to center , Shumpert scored . Lugo flied out to right . Crawford to second on fielder 's indifference . Tyner grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Reyes pitching for Devil Rays . Rowand lined out to third . Thomas flied out to left . Sanders pitching for White Sox . Ordonez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Sanders pitching for White Sox . Huff singled to right . Martin struck out swinging . Hall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Reyes pitching for Devil Rays . Everett flied out to right . Konerko flied out to center . Glover pitching for White Sox . Graffanino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Glover pitching for White Sox . Rolls popped out to second . Perez struck out swinging . Shumpert flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 11 - Devil Rays 3 .	Piniella keeps blond streak , Devil Rays do not