White Sox - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Indians . Graffanino struck out swinging . Lee flied out to right . Thomas lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Wright pitching for White Sox . Crisp flied out to left . Lawton lined out to deep right . Bradley singled to right . Gerut flied out to deep right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Indians . Ordonez singled to deep left . Everett singled to left , Ordonez to second . Konerko doubled to deep center , Ordonez scored , Everett to third . Crede hit sacrifice fly to center , Everett scored . Valentin flied out to shallow right . Alomar Jr grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Wright pitching for White Sox . Blake struck out swinging . Broussard homered to right center . Laker struck out swinging . Gutierrez singled to left center , Gutierrez thrown out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Indians . Graffanino grounded out to pitcher . Lee grounded out to pitcher . Thomas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Wright pitching for White Sox . Phillips walked . Crisp tripled to deep right , Phillips scored . Lawton walked . Bradley grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Crisp out at home , Lawton to second , Lawton to third , Bradley to second advancing on play . Gerut intentionally walked . Blake walked , Lawton scored , Bradley to third , Gerut to second . Glover pitching for White Sox . Broussard doubled to right , Bradley and Gerut scored , Blake to third . Laker grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Blake scored on throwing error by pitcher Glover , Broussard to third , Laker to second advancing on play . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Laker out at third . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Indians . Ordonez struck out looking . Everett grounded out to shortstop . Konerko flied out to deep left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Glover pitching for White Sox . Crisp walked . Spencer hit for Lawton . Spencer grounded into double play , third to second to first , Crisp out at second . Bradley walked . Spencer in left field . Gerut lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Indians . Crede singled to center . Valentin singled to left center , Crede to second . Alomar Jr singled to center , Crede scored , Valentin to second . Graffanino grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Alomar Jr out at second , Valentin to third . Lee hit sacrifice fly to left , Valentin scored . Thomas walked , Graffanino to second . Ordonez doubled to left , Graffanino scored , Thomas to third . White pitching for White Sox . Everett grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Glover pitching for White Sox . Blake grounded out to second . Broussard singled to right . Laker homered to left center , Broussard scored . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Santiago pitching for Indians . Phillips struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Santiago pitching for Indians . Konerko grounded out to third . Crede singled to left . Valentin grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crede out at second . Alomar Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . White pitching for White Sox . Crisp bunt popped out to pitcher . Spencer reached on infield single to third . Harris hit for Graffanino . Bradley grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Spencer out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Santiago pitching for Indians . Harris walked . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harris out at second . Thomas doubled to left , Lee to third . Boyd pitching for Indians . Ordonez popped out to shallow right . Harris at second base . Sanders pitching for White Sox . Everett grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Sanders pitching for White Sox . Gerut lined out to left . Blake walked . Broussard homered to center , Blake scored . Laker grounded out to shortstop . Cressend pitching for Indians . Gutierrez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Cressend pitching for Indians . Konerko flied out to left center . Crede walked . Valentin struck out swinging . Koch pitching for White Sox . Alomar Jr struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Glover pitching for White Sox . Spencer hit for Lawton . Spencer in left field . White pitching for White Sox . Santiago pitching for Indians . Harris hit for Graffanino . Boyd pitching for Indians . Thomas doubled to left , Lee to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Indians 12 .	Big Ben tolls for Indians in rout of White Sox