White Sox - Top 1st . May pitching for Royals . Graffanino singled to center . Alomar sacrificed to first , Graffanino to second . Thomas fouled out to catcher . Ordonez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Guiel grounded out to second . Randa struck out looking . Beltran flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . May pitching for Royals . Lee flied out to right center . Everett struck out looking . Konerko singled to left . Crede singled to right , Konerko to third . Alomar Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crede out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Harvey grounded out to third . Ibanez flied out to right . Berroa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . May pitching for Royals . Graffanino walked . Alomar grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Graffanino out at second . Thomas flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Tucker singled to left center . Relaford singled to right , Tucker to second . Mayne sacrificed to catcher , Tucker to third , Relaford to second . Guiel grounded out to second , Tucker scored , Relaford to third . Randa reached on infield single to second , Relaford scored . Beltran grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . May pitching for Royals . Ordonez reached on infield single to first . Lee flied out to left . Everett popped out to shallow center . Konerko homered to left , Ordonez scored . Crede homered to left . Alomar Jr flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Harvey lined out to third . Ibanez struck out looking . Berroa singled to left . Tucker flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . May pitching for Royals . Graffanino flied out to right . Alomar singled to right . Thomas fouled out to catcher . Ordonez homered to left center , Alomar scored . Lee struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Relaford singled to center . Mayne grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Relaford out at second . Guiel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . May pitching for Royals . Everett grounded out to third . Konerko flied out to right center . Crede struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Randa singled to left center . Beltran lined out to right . Harvey grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Randa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . May pitching for Royals . Alomar Jr flied out to center . Graffanino homered to left center . Alomar singled to right center . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Thomas singled to right , Alomar to second . Ordonez doubled to deep left , Alomar scored , Thomas to third . Lee hit sacrifice fly to deep center , Thomas scored , Ordonez to third . Everett lined out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Ibanez singled to right . Berroa singled to right , Ibanez to second . Tucker flied out to left . Relaford singled to left , Ibanez scored , Berroa to second . Marte pitching for White Sox . Rowand in center field . Mayne struck out swinging . Guiel flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Konerko singled to left . Crede reached on infield single to second , Konerko to second . Alomar Jr struck out swinging . Graffanino doubled to deep left , Konerko scored , Crede to third . Alomar struck out swinging . White pitching for White Sox . Thomas grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . White pitching for White Sox . Randa popped out to shallow right . Beltran popped out to shallow left . Harvey hit ground rule double to deep center . Ibanez reached on infield single to second , Harvey to third . Berroa homered to center , Harvey and Ibanez scored . Wunsch pitching for White Sox . Field pitching for Royals . Tucker struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Field pitching for Royals . Ordonez walked . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ordonez out at second . Rowand doubled to right , Lee to third . Konerko intentionally walked . Crede struck out swinging . Harris in center field . Rowand in left field . Alomar Jr grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Wunsch pitching for White Sox . Relaford walked . Gordon pitching for White Sox . Mayne flied out to center . Guiel grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Relaford out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 9 - Royals 6 .	ChiSox close on Royals