Royals - Top 1st . Garland pitching for White Sox . Guiel hit by pitch . Randa flied out to right center . Guiel stole second . Beltran grounded out to second , Guiel to third . Ibanez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Alomar reached on bunt single to first . Lee grounded out to third , Alomar to second . Thomas hit by pitch . Ordonez popped out to shortstop . Everett singled to left , Alomar scored , Thomas to second . Konerko flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Relaford struck out swinging . Berroa grounded out to third . Tucker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Valentin flied out to deep left center . Crede flied out to center . Olivo singled to center . Alomar walked , Olivo to second . Lee walked , Olivo to third , Alomar to second . Thomas walked , Olivo scored , Alomar to third , Lee to second . Ordonez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Mayne grounded out to shortstop . Brown singled to right . Guiel grounded out to second , Brown to second . Randa flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Everett popped out to third . Konerko singled to center . Valentin walked , Konerko to second . Crede grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Valentin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Beltran walked . Ibanez singled to right , Beltran to third . Relaford singled to right center , Beltran scored , Ibanez to third , Relaford to second advancing on throw . Berroa hit sacrifice fly to right , Ibanez scored , Relaford to third . Tucker grounded out to first . Mayne walked . Brown singled to right , Relaford scored , Mayne to third . Guiel popped out to shallow left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Olivo struck out swinging . Alomar grounded out to third . Lee flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Randa grounded out to third . Beltran grounded out to second . Ibanez singled to center . Ibanez to second on passed ball by Olivo . Relaford flied out to deep right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Thomas popped out to shallow left . Ordonez hit ground rule double to deep left center . Everett singled to right , Ordonez to third . Konerko fouled out to first . Valentin singled to center , Ordonez scored , Everett to second . Crede homered to right center , Everett and Valentin scored . Olivo grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Berroa singled to left center . Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox . Harvey hit for Tucker . Harvey walked , Berroa to second . Mayne singled to right , Berroa scored , Harvey to second . Brown reached on bunt single to third , Harvey to third , Mayne to second . Guiel doubled to left center , Harvey , Mayne and Brown scored . Ginter pitching for White Sox . Randa sacrificed to first , Guiel to third . Beltran hit by pitch . Wunsch pitching for White Sox . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guiel scored , Beltran out at second . Relaford walked , Ibanez to second . Berroa doubled to left , Ibanez and Relaford scored . Harvey at first base . Field pitching for Royals . Ibanez in left field . Harvey grounded out to second . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Field pitching for Royals . Alomar singled to left . Lee grounded out to pitcher , Alomar to third , Alomar scored on throwing error by first baseman Harvey . Thomas homered to left center . Ordonez grounded out to second . Everett grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Wunsch pitching for White Sox . Mayne struck out swinging . Brown struck out swinging . Grimsley pitching for Royals . Guiel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Grimsley pitching for Royals . Konerko grounded out to first . Valentin homered to right . Crede grounded out to third . Gordon pitching for White Sox . Olivo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Gordon pitching for White Sox . Randa struck out swinging . Beltran popped out to shallow right center . Levine pitching for Royals . Ibanez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Levine pitching for Royals . Alomar grounded out to second . Lee flied out to left . Thomas popped out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Gordon pitching for White Sox . Relaford doubled to right . Berroa sacrificed to pitcher , Relaford to third , Relaford scored , Berroa safe at second on error by third baseman Crede . Harvey sacrificed to pitcher , Berroa to third . Mayne struck out swinging . Brown singled to left , Berroa scored . Brown to second on wild pitch by Gordon . Guiel walked . Randa singled to left , Brown scored , Guiel to second . Beltran struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Levine pitching for Royals . Ordonez flied out to deep left . Everett grounded out to second . Konerko popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 13 - White Sox 9 .	Royal flush : KC 's big inning too much for ChiSox