Giants - Top 1st . Feldman pitching for Cubs . Pagan safe at first on error by pitcher Feldman . Crawford grounded out to second , Pagan to second . Sandoval popped out to second . Posey walked . Pence struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . DeJesus flied out to right . Castro reached on infield single to second , Castro to second on throwing error by second baseman Noonan . Castro to third on wild pitch by Vogelsong . Rizzo struck out swinging . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 2nd . Feldman pitching for Cubs . Belt grounded out to second . Blanco reached on infield single to shortstop . Noonan singled to center , Blanco to second . Vogelsong sacrificed to third , Blanco to third , Noonan to second . Pagan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Schierholtz singled to right . Castillo singled to left , Schierholtz to second . Valbuena struck out swinging . Lillibridge grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Castillo out at second , Schierholtz to third , Schierholtz scored , Lillibridge to second on throwing error by shortstop Crawford . Feldman struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 3rd . Feldman pitching for Cubs . Crawford walked . Sandoval grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crawford out at second . Posey grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . DeJesus flied out to center . Castro doubled to shallow right . Rizzo homered to left center ( 386 feet ) , Castro scored . Soriano flied out to right . Schierholtz singled to right . Schierholtz stole second . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop , Schierholtz to third . Valbuena walked , Castillo to second . Lillibridge singled to right , Schierholtz and Castillo scored , Valbuena to third . Feldman popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Feldman pitching for Cubs . Pence singled to center . Belt struck out looking . Blanco flied out to right . Noonan singled to center , Pence to third . Vogelsong safe at first on error by shortstop Castro , Pence scored , Noonan to third . Pagan reached on infield single to second , Noonan scored , Vogelsong to second . Crawford hit by pitch , Vogelsong to third , Pagan to second . Sandoval doubled to deep left center , Vogelsong and Pagan scored , Crawford to third . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sandoval out at third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . DeJesus struck out swinging . Castro fouled out to first . Rizzo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Feldman pitching for Cubs . Pence flied out to center . Belt singled to right . Blanco walked , Belt to second . Takahashi pitching for Cubs . Noonan singled to center , Belt to third , Blanco to second . Vogelsong walked , Belt scored , Blanco to third , Noonan to second . Pagan hit sacrifice fly to left , Blanco scored . Crawford singled to left , Noonan scored , Vogelsong to second . Sandoval walked , Vogelsong to third , Crawford to second . Posey struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Soriano lined out to right . Schierholtz grounded out to first . Castillo popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Takahashi pitching for Cubs . Pence flied out to left . Belt grounded out to second . Blanco struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Valbuena flied out to center . Lillibridge flied out to right . Sappelt hit for Takahashi . Sappelt flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Bowden pitching for Cubs . Noonan struck out swinging . Sanchez hit for Vogelsong . Sanchez flied out to left . Pagan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . DeJesus grounded out to second . Castro grounded out to third . Rizzo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Bowden pitching for Cubs . Crawford walked . Sandoval grounded out to first , Crawford to second . Camp pitching for Cubs . Posey flied out to center , Crawford to third . Pence grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Arias at third base . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Soriano doubled to deep left center . Schierholtz reached on infield single to shortstop , Soriano to third . Casilla pitching for Giants . Castillo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Soriano scored , Schierholtz out at second . Valbuena doubled to deep center . Clevenger hit for Lillibridge . Clevenger struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Valbuena at second base . Clevenger at third base . Russell pitching for Cubs . Belt struck out swinging . Blanco struck out looking . Noonan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Romo pitching for Giants . Navarro hit for Russell . Navarro grounded out to second . DeJesus doubled to deep right . Castro struck out swinging . Rizzo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 7 - Cubs 6 .	Giants overcome 5 - run deficit to beat Cubs \n