Giants - Top 1st . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Pagan hit ground rule double to right . Scutaro sacrificed to third , Pagan to third . Sandoval hit sacrifice fly to center , Pagan scored . Posey hit by pitch . Posey to second on wild pitch by Ortiz . Pence grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Cabrera lined out to right . Bautista safe at first on error by second baseman Scutaro . Encarnacion walked , Bautista to second . Arencibia safe at second on error by center fielder Pagan , Bautista and Encarnacion scored . Lind homered to right ( 404 feet ) , Arencibia scored . Lawrie singled to right . Rasmus hit by pitch , Lawrie to second . Bonifacio singled to center , Lawrie scored , Rasmus to second . Kawasaki lined into double play , shortstop to second , Rasmus doubled off second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Belt singled to right . Blanco flied out to left . Quiroz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Belt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Cabrera doubled to deep right center . Bautista singled to center , Cabrera scored . Encarnacion flied out to center . Arencibia homered to left ( 409 feet ) , Bautista scored . Lind flied out to left . Lawrie walked . Rasmus struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford popped out to shortstop . Pagan doubled to left . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . Sandoval grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Gaudin pitching for Giants . Bonifacio lined out to left . Kawasaki walked . Cabrera walked , Kawasaki to second . Bautista doubled to left , Kawasaki scored , Cabrera to third . Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to center , Cabrera scored . Arencibia grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Posey grounded out to second . Pence flied out to center . Belt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Gaudin pitching for Giants . Lind singled to center . Lawrie hit by pitch , Lind to second . Rasmus flied out to center . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lawrie out at second , Lind to third . Kawasaki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Blanco flied out to center . Quiroz doubled to deep right . Crawford flied out to center . Pagan singled to right center , Quiroz to third . Scutaro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Gaudin pitching for Giants . Cabrera lined out to right . Bautista struck out looking . Encarnacion singled to center . Arencibia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Sandoval struck out swinging . Posey flied out to right . Pence singled to center . Belt flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Gaudin pitching for Giants . Lind walked . Lawrie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lind out at second . Rasmus doubled to right , Lawrie scored . Mijares pitching for Giants . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Kawasaki struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Blanco walked . Quiroz popped out to catcher . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Blanco out at second . Pagan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Mijares pitching for Giants . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Storey pitching for Blue Jays . Scutaro walked . Arias reached on infield single to shortstop , Scutaro to second , Scutaro to third , Arias to second on throwing error by shortstop Kawasaki . Posey doubled to deep left center , Scutaro scored , Arias to third . Torres struck out swinging . Pill hit sacrifice fly to center , Arias scored . Blanco grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Giants . Arencibia singled to left . Lind grounded out to pitcher , Arencibia to second . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Storey pitching for Blue Jays . Quiroz struck out looking . Crawford singled to left . Pagan flied out to center . Scutaro singled to right , Crawford to second . Arias struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 3 - Blue Jays 11 .	Jays thump Vogelsong , Giants