Giants - Top 1st . Morton pitching for Pirates . Blanco walked . Crawford hit by pitch , Blanco to second . Posey singled to left , Blanco scored , Crawford to second . Pence grounded out to shortstop , Crawford to third , Posey to second . Belt struck out swinging . Torres struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Cain pitching for Giants . Presley bunt grounded out to pitcher . Snider struck out looking . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Arias singled to right . Noonan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Arias out at second . Cain grounded out to pitcher , Noonan to second . Blanco singled to center , Noonan scored . Blanco stole second . Crawford fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Cain pitching for Giants . Jones walked . Walker grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jones out at second . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Posey flied out to right . Pence reached on infield single to second . Pence stole second . Belt struck out swinging . Torres struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Cain pitching for Giants . McKenry flied out to right . Mercer flied out to right . Morton popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Arias reached on infield single to third . Noonan grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Arias out at second . Cain struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Cain pitching for Giants . Presley struck out looking . Snider grounded out to second . McCutchen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Blanco grounded out to shortstop . Crawford hit by pitch . Posey hit ground rule double to deep center , Crawford to third . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crawford scored on error by third baseman Alvarez . Belt hit by pitch , Posey to third , Pence to second . Torres hit sacrifice fly to left , Posey scored . Arias reached on infield single to shortstop , Pence hit by batted ball out at third , Belt to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Cain pitching for Giants . Jones singled to right . Walker grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Jones out at second . Alvarez walked . McKenry flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Zagurski pitching for Pirates . Noonan reached on bunt single to second , Noonan to second on throwing error by second baseman Walker . Cain grounded out to third . Blanco singled to center , Noonan scored . Crawford singled to center , Blanco to second , Blanco to third advancing on throw . Posey reached on infield single to shortstop , Blanco scored , Crawford to second . Pence homered to center ( 425 feet ) , Crawford and Posey scored . Belt doubled to left . Torres struck out swinging . Arias grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Cain pitching for Giants . Mercer lined out to pitcher . Inge hit for Zagurski . Inge grounded out to shortstop . Presley grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Reid pitching for Pirates . Noonan grounded out to first . Cain flied out to center . Blanco doubled to right . Crawford walked . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Cain pitching for Giants . Snider fouled out to third . McCutchen doubled to deep left center . Jones popped out to second . Walker hit by pitch . Lopez pitching for Giants . Alvarez walked , McCutchen to third , Walker to second . Machi pitching for Giants . McKenry struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Reid pitching for Pirates . Pence flied out to right . Belt flied out to left . Torres reached on infield single to shortstop . Arias grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Quiroz catching . Machi pitching for Giants . Mercer struck out looking . Sanchez hit for Reid . Sanchez struck out looking . Presley grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Noonan doubled to deep center . Perez hit for Machi . Perez singled to center , Noonan to third . Blanco struck out swinging . Crawford hit sacrifice fly to center , Noonan scored , Perez to second on throwing error by center fielder McCutchen . Quiroz popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Perez in right field . Snider singled to right . McCutchen struck out swinging . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Snider out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 10 - Pirates 0 .	Cain guides Giants in laugher over Pirates