Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Cain pitching for Giants . Eaton struck out swinging . Parra doubled to deep right . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop , Parra to third . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Torres struck out looking . Scutaro walked . Scutaro to second on wild pitch by Miley . Posey grounded out to third . Sandoval doubled to left , Scutaro scored . Pence struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Cain pitching for Giants . Montero walked . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Montero out at second . Ross flied out to center . Pennington grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Francoeur lined out to center . Abreu flied out to right . Quiroz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Cain pitching for Giants . Miley grounded out to second . Eaton grounded out to second . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Cain struck out looking . Torres flied out to right . Scutaro lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Cain pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Hill fouled out to first . Montero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey singled to right . Sandoval singled to center , Posey to second . Pence singled to right , Posey to third , Sandoval to second . Francoeur walked , Posey scored , Sandoval to third , Pence to second . Sandoval out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice , Pence to third , Francoeur to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pence out at home , Francoeur to third . Quiroz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Cain pitching for Giants . Prado walked . Ross struck out swinging . Pennington singled to right , Prado to second . Chavez hit for Miley . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pennington out at second , Prado to third , Prado scored , Chavez to second on throwing error by shortstop Abreu . Eaton walked . Parra walked , Chavez to third , Eaton to second . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Cain grounded out to shortstop . Torres singled to right . Scutaro flied out to center . Posey homered to center ( 414 feet ) , Torres scored . Sandoval flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Cain pitching for Giants . Hill singled to left . Montero singled to right center , Hill to third . Kontos pitching for Giants . Prado singled to right , Hill scored , Montero to second . Ross lined out to second . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Pennington flied out to right . Pollock hit for Collmenter . Pollock walked , Montero to third , Prado to second . Mijares pitching for Giants . Eaton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence walked . Francoeur grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Pence out at second . Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop . Abreu to second on wild pitch by Putz . Quiroz walked . Crawford hit for Mijares . Crawford fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Crawford at shortstop . Parra flied out to center . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . Hill walked . Montero singled to right , Hill to second . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Montero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . Torres struck out looking . Scutaro walked . Posey struck out swinging , Scutaro stole second . Sandoval struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Rosario pitching for Giants . Ross singled to center . Pennington lined out to center . Kubel hit for Harris . Lopez pitching for Giants . Nieves hit for Kubel . Nieves grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ross safe at second on error by shortstop Crawford . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Nieves out at second , Ross to third . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence lined out to right . Francoeur singled to center . Tanaka hit for Lopez . Tanaka grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Francoeur out at second . Quiroz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Romo pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third . Hill flied out to center . Montero grounded out to first , Goldschmidt to second . Prado singled to right , Goldschmidt scored . Ross struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Giants 4 .	Posey homers , Cain rebounds for Giants win