Reds - Top 1st . Gaudin pitching for Giants . Choo doubled to left . Paul grounded out to second , Choo to third . Votto hit sacrifice fly to center , Choo scored . Phillips flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Leake pitching for Reds . Blanco popped out to shortstop . Scutaro singled to right . Sandoval struck out looking . Pence singled to right , Scutaro to second . Belt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Gaudin pitching for Giants . Bruce fouled out to third . Frazier doubled to deep left . Mesoraco grounded out to third . Izturis walked . Leake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Leake pitching for Reds . Francoeur safe at first on error by first baseman Votto . Crawford singled to shallow center , Francoeur to second . Quiroz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crawford out at second , Francoeur to third . Gaudin sacrificed to pitcher , Quiroz to second . Blanco grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Top 3rd . Gaudin pitching for Giants . Choo flied out to center . Paul grounded out to first . Votto singled to left center . Phillips singled to right center , Votto to second , Votto scored , Phillips to second on error by right fielder Pence . Bruce doubled to right , Phillips scored . Frazier walked . Mesoraco singled to center , Bruce scored , Frazier to second . Izturis grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Leake pitching for Reds . Scutaro singled to left . Sandoval grounded out to second , Scutaro to second . Pence singled to right , Scutaro scored . Belt singled to center , Pence to second . Francoeur grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Belt out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Gaudin pitching for Giants . Leake singled to shallow right center . Choo walked , Leake to second . Paul walked , Leake to third , Choo to second . Votto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Leake scored , Paul out at second , Choo to third . Phillips hit sacrifice fly to center , Choo scored . Bruce walked , Votto to second . Dunning pitching for Giants . Frazier walked , Votto to third , Bruce to second . Mesoraco popped out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Leake pitching for Reds . Crawford singled to left . Quiroz lined out to center . Tanaka hit for Dunning . Tanaka grounded out to third , Crawford to second . Blanco reached on infield single to shortstop , Crawford to third . Scutaro walked , Blanco to second . Sandoval popped out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Mijares pitching for Giants . Izturis flied out to center . Leake hit ground rule double to left . Choo grounded out to second , Leake to third . Paul struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Leake pitching for Reds . Pence singled to right . Belt flied out to left . Francoeur singled to shallow center , Pence to second . Crawford struck out swinging . Quiroz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Mijares pitching for Giants . Votto tripled to deep right center . Phillips singled to right , Votto scored . Bruce singled to right center , Phillips to second . Machi pitching for Giants . Abreu at shortstop . Frazier grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bruce out at second , Phillips to third . Mesoraco singled to left , Phillips scored . Izturis grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Leake pitching for Reds . Abreu flied out to left . Blanco flied out to center . Scutaro lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Machi pitching for Giants . Leake singled to left . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Leake out at second . Paul grounded out to pitcher , Choo to second . Votto struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 7th . Leake pitching for Reds . Sandoval singled to right . Pence singled to right , Sandoval to second . Belt walked , Sandoval to third , Pence to second . LeCure pitching for Reds . Francoeur struck out swinging . Posey hit for Machi . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sandoval out at home , Pence to third , Belt to second . Quiroz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Rosario pitching for Giants . Phillips flied out to left . Bruce struck out swinging . Frazier flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Robinson in center field . Ondrusek pitching for Reds . Hannahan at first base . Abreu reached on infield single to second . Blanco lined out to first . Scutaro safe at first on error by third baseman Frazier , Abreu to second . Sandoval doubled to left , Abreu and Scutaro scored . Pence singled to left , Sandoval to third . Belt struck out looking . Pence to second on wild pitch by Ondrusek . Francoeur grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 9th . Rosario pitching for Giants . Mesoraco grounded out to shortstop . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . Hannahan lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Heisey in left field . Torres hit for Rosario . Ondrusek pitching for Reds . Torres flied out to left . Quiroz grounded out to first . Abreu flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 8 - Giants 3 .	Leake 's 3 - hit night carries Reds past Giants