Giants - Top 1st . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Blanco struck out looking . Scutaro doubled to shortstop . Belt struck out swinging . Posey walked . Pence reached on infield single to shortstop , Scutaro to third , Posey to second . Sandoval struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Zito pitching for Giants . Fowler singled to left center . Fowler caught stealing second , catcher to second . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Cuddyer tripled to deep right . Rosario grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Blackmon in center field . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Crawford struck out swinging . Peguero popped out to second . Zito struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Zito pitching for Giants . Arenado singled to shallow right . Helton homered to right center ( 410 feet ) , Arenado scored . Culberson grounded out to shortstop . Herrera flied out to center . Nicasio grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Blanco grounded out to pitcher . Scutaro walked . Belt singled to right , Scutaro to third . Posey grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Belt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Zito pitching for Giants . Blackmon homered to right ( 383 feet ) . LeMahieu reached on infield single to shortstop . LeMahieu stole second . Cuddyer popped out to shortstop . Rosario lined into double play , first to second , LeMahieu doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Pence struck out swinging . Sandoval struck out looking . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Zito pitching for Giants . Arenado singled to right . Helton walked , Arenado to second . Culberson singled to right , Arenado to third , Helton to second . Herrera popped out to shortstop . Nicasio singled to shallow center , Arenado scored , Helton to third , Culberson to second . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Helton scored , Nicasio out at second , Culberson to third . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Peguero flied out to left . Pill hit for Zito . Pill hit by pitch . Blanco struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pill out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Moscoso pitching for Giants . Cuddyer flied out to right . Rosario doubled to deep left center . Rosario picked off second . Arenado flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Belt hit by pitch . Posey singled to left , Belt to second . Pence flied out to center . Sandoval flied out to center , Belt to third . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Moscoso pitching for Giants . Helton flied out to left . Culberson flied out to center . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Dickerson in left field . Peguero grounded out to first . Kieschnick hit for Moscoso . Kieschnick grounded out to second . Blanco reached on infield single to shortstop . Scutaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Mijares pitching for Giants . Dickerson singled to left . Blackmon grounded out to third , Dickerson to second . LeMahieu reached on infield single to pitcher , Dickerson scored on throwing error by pitcher Mijares . Cuddyer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , LeMahieu out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Belt struck out swinging . Posey grounded out to shortstop . Pence struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Mijares pitching for Giants . Rosario lined out to center . Arenado reached on infield single to third . Helton lined out to center . Wheeler hit for Lopez . Wheeler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Sandoval lined out to right . Crawford flied out to left . Peguero singled to left . Arias hit for Mijares . Peguero to second on fielder 's indifference . Arias doubled to deep left center , Peguero scored . Arias to third on wild pitch by Francis . Blanco lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 1 - Rockies 6 .	Helton homers as Rockies beat Giants