Giants - Top 1st . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Blanco struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . Belt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Blackmon struck out looking . LeMahieu safe at second on error by first baseman Belt . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 2nd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Posey fouled out to first . Pence struck out swinging . Sandoval struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Rosario singled to shallow center . Arenado doubled to deep center , Rosario scored . Torrealba grounded out to third . Culberson grounded out to shortstop , Arenado to third . Chacin grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Crawford safe at first on error by first baseman Rosario . Kieschnick safe at first on error by first baseman Rosario , Crawford to second . Bumgarner bunt popped out to catcher . Blanco struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Tulowitzki singled to right . Cuddyer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Belt walked . Posey safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki , Belt to third . Pence grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Belt scored , Posey out at second . Sandoval popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Arenado grounded out to third . Torrealba lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Crawford struck out swinging . Kieschnick struck out looking . Bumgarner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Culberson grounded out to shortstop . Chacin grounded out to shortstop . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Blanco flied out to center . Scutaro grounded out to second . Belt walked . Posey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . LeMahieu singled to right center . Tulowitzki walked , LeMahieu to second . Cuddyer struck out swinging . LeMahieu stole third . Rosario singled to center , LeMahieu scored , Tulowitzki to second . Machi pitching for Giants . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Tulowitzki to third , Rosario safe at second on error by shortstop Crawford . Torrealba hit ground rule double to deep right center , Tulowitzki and Rosario scored , Arenado to third . Culberson intentionally walked . Chacin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arenado scored , Culberson out at second , Torrealba to third . Blackmon struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 7th . Pacheco at first base . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Pence struck out swinging . Sandoval popped out to shortstop . Crawford singled to center . Kieschnick fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Machi pitching for Giants . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . Tulowitzki singled to center . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Pacheco lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Sanchez hit for Machi . Sanchez grounded out to second . Blanco singled to left . Scutaro singled to center , Blanco to second . Outman pitching for Rockies . Belt hit ground rule double to deep left , Blanco scored , Scutaro to third . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Posey grounded out to shortstop , Scutaro scored , Belt to third . Pence singled to left , Belt scored . Sandoval grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Sanchez catching . Arenado lined out to right . Torrealba flied out to left . Culberson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Arias hit for Crawford . Arias struck out swinging . Pill hit for Kieschnick . Pill struck out swinging . Sanchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 4 - Rockies 5 .	Chacin takes no - no into 7th as Rockies win