Giants - Top 1st . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagan grounded out to second . Scutaro walked . Belt flied out to center . Posey singled to right , Scutaro to second . Pence reached on infield single to third , Scutaro to third , Posey to second . Sandoval flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Bloomquist grounded out to second . Eaton popped out to shortstop . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford grounded out to second . Blanco flied out to center . Vogelsong struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Chavez flied out to left . Prado singled to center . Hill flied out to right . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagan grounded out to second . Scutaro grounded out to third . Belt singled to center . Posey grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Parra grounded out to shortstop . Cahill grounded out to third . Bloomquist singled to center . Eaton singled to center , Bloomquist to second . Goldschmidt walked , Bloomquist to third , Eaton to second . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence grounded out to third . Sandoval singled to right . Crawford walked , Sandoval to second . Blanco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Prado doubled to deep right center . Hill singled to left , Prado to third . Montero singled to right , Prado scored , Hill to third . Parra hit sacrifice fly to right , Hill scored . Cahill sacrificed to first , Montero to second . Bloomquist singled to center , Montero scored , Bloomquist thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Vogelsong singled to center . Pagan walked , Vogelsong to second . Scutaro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pagan out at second , Vogelsong to third . Belt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Eaton grounded out to second . Goldschmidt flied out to left . Chavez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey grounded out to second . Pence singled to left center . Pence to second on wild pitch by Cahill . Sandoval grounded out to first , Pence to third . Crawford struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Prado fouled out to first . Hill walked . Montero singled to right , Hill to second . Parra singled to left , Hill to third , Montero to second . Cahill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hill out at home , Montero to third , Parra to second . Bloomquist grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Blanco homered to right ( 395 feet ) . Kieschnick hit for Vogelsong . Kieschnick struck out swinging . Pagan reached on infield single to second . Pagan stole second . Pagan to third on wild pitch by Cahill . Scutaro tripled to deep center , Pagan scored . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt struck out looking . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey singled to right , Scutaro scored . Pence singled to center , Posey to third . Pence stole second . Sandoval grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Mijares pitching for Giants . Eaton struck out swinging . Goldschmidt walked . Chavez struck out looking . Machi pitching for Giants . Prado singled to left , Goldschmidt to second . Hill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford struck out swinging . Blanco struck out looking . Pill hit for Machi . Pill flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Giants . Montero struck out swinging . Parra struck out swinging . Pollock hit for Collmenter . Rosario pitching for Giants . Pollock popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagan grounded out to first . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . Belt flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Rosario pitching for Giants . Bloomquist singled to left . Eaton sacrificed to first , Bloomquist to second . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Chavez singled to deep left center , Bloomquist scored , Goldschmidt to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 3 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Chavez 's hit gives D - backs 4 - 3 win over Giants