Giants - Top 1st . Nolasco pitching for Dodgers . Pagan doubled to deep center . Blanco walked . Belt singled to left , Pagan scored , Blanco thrown out at third , Belt to second advancing on throw . Posey singled to left , Belt to third . Pence singled to center , Belt scored , Posey to second . Sandoval safe at first on error by third baseman Uribe , Posey to third , Pence to second . Crawford walked , Posey scored , Pence to third , Sandoval to second . Noonan lined out to second . Lincecum grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crawford out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Puig singled to center . Crawford grounded out to third , Puig to third . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Puig scored . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Dodgers . Pagan grounded out to second . Blanco singled to center . Belt safe at first on error by center fielder Puig , Blanco to second . Posey walked , Blanco to third , Belt to second . Pence singled to right , Blanco and Belt scored , Posey to third . Sandoval doubled to deep right center , Posey and Pence scored . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Crawford lined out to third . Noonan struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Ellis lined out to left . Schumaker singled to left . Federowicz struck out swinging . Punto lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Fife pitching for Dodgers . Lincecum singled to left . Lincecum to second on wild pitch by Fife . Pagan lined out to right . Blanco singled to center , Lincecum to third . Belt singled to right , Lincecum scored , Blanco to second . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Belt out at second , Blanco to third . Pence grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Fife struck out swinging . Puig walked . Buss hit for Crawford . Buss flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Buss in left field . Fife pitching for Dodgers . Sandoval lined out to third . Crawford grounded out to catcher . Noonan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Uribe struck out swinging . Ellis flied out to center . Schumaker walked . Federowicz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Fife pitching for Dodgers . Lincecum singled to deep left . Pagan walked , Lincecum to second . Blanco struck out swinging . Belt singled to shallow left , Lincecum to third , Pagan to second . Posey flied out to center . Pence homered to center ( 409 feet ) , Lincecum , Pagan and Belt scored . Sandoval grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Punto grounded out to first . Castellanos hit for Fife . Castellanos homered to right center ( 382 feet ) . Puig hit by pitch . Buss singled to right , Puig to third . Gonzalez singled to left center , Puig scored , Buss to second . Uribe flied out to left . Ellis flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Garcia pitching for Dodgers . Schumaker in center field . Castellanos in right field . Adrianza hit for Crawford . Adrianza grounded out to shortstop . Noonan walked . Lincecum grounded out to third , Noonan to second . Pagan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Peguero in left field . Blanco in center field . Adrianza at shortstop . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Schumaker struck out swinging . Federowicz flied out to right . Punto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Garcia pitching for Dodgers . Blanco walked . Belt homered to center ( 397 feet ) , Blanco scored . Posey walked . Butera catching . Moylan pitching for Dodgers . Pence grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Posey out at second . Sandoval grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Peguero in right field . Kieschnick in left field . Arias at third base . Hembree pitching for Giants . Monell catching . Castellanos struck out looking . Butera struck out swinging . Buss grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Hairston Jr. at first base . Young at third base . Gordon at second base . Moylan pitching for Dodgers . Adrianza flied out to center . Noonan singled to center . Monell singled to right , Noonan to second . Peguero flied out to left . Blanco singled to right , Noonan scored , Monell to third . Belt doubled to deep left , Monell and Blanco scored . Kieschnick grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Kontos pitching for Giants . Perez in center field . Gordon singled to left . Hairston Jr. grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gordon out at second . Young grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . League pitching for Dodgers . Arias grounded out to second . Perez doubled to deep left . Adrianza doubled to deep right center , Perez scored . Noonan singled to left , Adrianza to third . Monell safe at first on error by third baseman Young , Adrianza scored , Noonan to second . Peguero reached on infield single to third , Noonan to third , Monell to second . Abreu hit for Kontos . Abreu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Peguero out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Kickham pitching for Giants . Schumaker singled to deep left . Ellis hit for League . Ellis struck out swinging . Punto doubled to deep left , Schumaker to third . Castellanos struck out swinging . Butera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 19 - Dodgers 3 .	Giants ambush Dodgers with 19 runs