Braves - Top 1st . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Swanson grounded out to second . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . Freeman popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Toussaint pitching for Braves . LeMahieu singled to left . Judge lined out to right . Hicks safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Toussaint , LeMahieu safe at third on error . Voit homered to left ( 422 feet ) , LeMahieu scored and Hicks scored . Torres popped out to second . Ford grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 2nd . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Ozuna doubled to deep right . Duvall grounded out to pitcher , Ozuna to third . Camargo lined out to right . Riley popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Toussaint pitching for Braves . Urshela grounded out to third . Sánchez grounded out to third . Gardner grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Flowers walked . Inciarte grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Flowers to second . Flowers to third on wild pitch by Montgomery . Swanson popped out to second . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . Freeman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Toussaint pitching for Braves . LeMahieu hit by pitch . Judge walked , LeMahieu to second . Hicks reached on infield single to third , Judge to second , LeMahieu to third . Voit lined out to third , LeMahieu scored on throwing error by third baseman Riley . Torres struck out swinging . Ford doubled to deep right center , Hicks scored and Judge scored . Urshela flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 4th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Ozuna grounded out to third . Duvall flied out to center . Camargo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Toussaint pitching for Braves . Sánchez struck out swinging . Gardner lined out to center . LeMahieu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Riley lined out to right . Flowers struck out swinging . Inciarte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Wilson pitching for Braves . Judge homered to center ( 432 feet ) . Hicks walked . Voit hit by pitch , Hicks to second . Torres walked , Voit to second , Hicks to third . Ford grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hicks scored , Torres out at second , Voit to third . Urshela lined out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Swanson flied out to center . d'Arnaud singled to deep center . Freeman singled to left , d'Arnaud to second . Ozuna homered to left ( 436 feet ) , d'Arnaud scored and Freeman scored . Duvall flied out to right . Camargo grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Wilson pitching for Braves . Sánchez struck out looking . Gardner struck out swinging . LeMahieu walked . Tauchman hit for Judge . Tauchman walked , LeMahieu to second . Jackson pitching for Braves . Hicks grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Tauchman in right field . Hale pitching for Yankees . Riley reached on infield single to second . Flowers singled to deep center , Riley to third . Inciarte struck out swinging . Ottavino pitching for Yankees . Swanson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Riley scored , Flowers safe at second on fielding error by second baseman LeMahieu . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . Swanson to second on passed ball by Sánchez , Flowers to third on passed ball by Sánchez . Freeman walked . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Freeman out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Jackson pitching for Braves . Voit struck out swinging . Torres walked . Ford doubled to deep right , Torres scored . Urshela grounded out to third . Ford to third on wild pitch by Jackson . Sánchez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Duvall safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Torres . Camargo doubled to deep center , Duvall scored . Riley flied out to right , Camargo to third . Flowers doubled to shallow left , Camargo scored . Markakis hit for Inciarte . Green pitching for Yankees . Markakis struck out swinging . Swanson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Duvall in center field . Markakis in left field . Tomlin pitching for Braves . Gardner struck out swinging . LeMahieu walked . Tauchman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , LeMahieu out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . LeMahieu at first base . Wade at second base . Britton pitching for Yankees . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . Freeman lined out to left . Ozuna flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 6 - Yankees 9 .	Judge homers , leaves early in Yanks ' 9 - 6 win over Braves