Braves - Top 1st . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Acuña Jr. singled to right . Swanson flied out to center . Freeman grounded out to first , Acuña Jr. to second . Ozuna walked . d'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Milone pitching for Braves . McCutchen lined out to center . Hoskins doubled to left . Harper popped out to second . Realmuto popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Markakis grounded out to pitcher . Duvall singled to left . Riley doubled to deep left center , Duvall scored . Camargo singled to center , Riley to third . Acuña Jr. walked , Camargo to second . Swanson walked , Riley scored , Acuña Jr. to second , Camargo to third . Freeman singled to left center , Acuña Jr. scored and Camargo scored , Freeman to second , Swanson to second , Swanson safe at third on fielding error by left fielder Gosselin . Ozuna reached on infield single to second , Swanson scored , Freeman to third . Hale pitching for Phillies . d'Arnaud singled to right , Freeman scored , Ozuna to third . Markakis doubled to deep right , Ozuna scored and d'Arnaud scored . Duvall lined out to right , Markakis to third . Riley homered to left center ( 425 feet ) , Markakis scored . Camargo lined out to right . 10 Runs , 8 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Inciarte in center field . Milone pitching for Braves . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Gregorius homered to right ( 352 feet ) . Gosselin struck out swinging . Scott Kingery grounds out softly to catcher Travis d'Arnaud .   Scott Kingery out on batter interference . Tommy Milone pitches to Scott Kingery . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Hale pitching for Phillies . Inciarte lined out to center . Swanson grounded out to second . Freeman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Milone pitching for Braves . Quinn reached on infield single to shortstop . McCutchen doubled to left , Quinn scored . Hoskins homered to left ( 412 feet ) , McCutchen scored . Harper struck out swinging . Realmuto singled to center . Segura singled to right , Realmuto to third . Gregorius tripled to right , Realmuto scored and Segura scored . Jackson pitching for Braves . Gosselin grounded out to third , Gregorius scored . Kingery struck out , Kingery to first on wild pitch by Jackson . Quinn singled to right , Kingery to second . McCutchen grounded out to third . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . McClain pitching for Phillies . Ozuna popped out to third . d'Arnaud walked . Markakis singled to center , d'Arnaud to second . Duvall flied out to right , d'Arnaud to third . Riley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Jackson pitching for Braves . Hoskins walked . Harper walked , Hoskins to second . Realmuto lined out to right , Hoskins to third . Segura singled to center , Hoskins scored , Harper to second . Minter pitching for Braves . Gregorius flied out to right . Gosselin struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . McClain pitching for Phillies . Camargo doubled to left . Romero pitching for Phillies . Inciarte struck out looking . Swanson grounded out to third . Freeman walked . Parker pitching for Phillies . Ozuna singled to left , Camargo scored , Freeman to second . d'Arnaud struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Minter pitching for Braves . Kingery struck out looking . Quinn struck out swinging . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Parker pitching for Phillies . Markakis lined out to third . Duvall struck out swinging . Riley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Martin pitching for Braves . Hoskins struck out swinging . Harper grounded out to shortstop . Realmuto lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Camargo walked . Inciarte grounded out to first , Camargo to second . Swanson flied out to center , Camargo to third . Freeman walked . Ozuna fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Greene pitching for Braves . Segura singled to center . Gregorius popped out to shortstop . Gosselin lined into double play , second to first , Segura doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . Markakis singled to right . Duvall struck out looking . Riley walked , Markakis to second . Camargo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Smith pitching for Braves . Kingery flied out to center . Quinn homered to left ( 429 feet ) . McCutchen homered to right ( 362 feet ) . Hoskins flied out to left . Harper flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Hembree pitching for Phillies . Inciarte flied out to center . Swanson homered to center ( 421 feet ) . Freeman walked . Ozuna singled to center , Freeman to second . d'Arnaud struck out looking . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Markakis walked , Ozuna to second , Freeman to third . Duvall flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Melancon pitching for Braves . Realmuto hit by pitch . Segura grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Realmuto out at second . Gregorius grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 12 - Phillies 10 .	Riley , Swanson help Braves to wild 12 - 10 win over Phillies