Nationals - Top 1st . Ynoa pitching for Braves . Robles hit by pitch . Robles to second on balk . Turner grounded out to shortstop , Robles to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Robles scored . Suzuki struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Crowe pitching for Nationals . Acuña Jr. struck out swinging . Swanson popped out to second . Freeman walked . Ozuna doubled to deep left , Freeman scored . d'Arnaud walked . Markakis popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Ynoa pitching for Braves . Thames struck out swinging . Harrison hit by pitch . Garcia singled to center , Harrison to second . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garcia out at second , Harrison to third . Holt singled to left , Harrison scored , Taylor to second . Robles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Holt out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Difo at third base . Holt in left field . Crowe pitching for Nationals . Riley homered to left ( 471 feet ) . Duvall lined out to pitcher . Camargo grounded out to first . Acuña Jr. homered to center ( 435 feet ) . Swanson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Ynoa pitching for Braves . Turner struck out looking . Cabrera singled to right center . Suzuki doubled to left , Cabrera to third . Thames singled to deep right , Cabrera scored and Suzuki scored . Difo walked , Thames to second . Jackson pitching for Braves . Garcia singled to center , Difo to second , Thames to third . Thames scored , Garcia to second on passed ball by d'Arnaud , Difo to third on passed ball by d'Arnaud . Taylor doubled to shallow left , Difo scored and Garcia scored . Holt flied out to center . Robles grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Crowe pitching for Nationals . Freeman doubled to left . Ozuna struck out looking . d'Arnaud walked . Markakis walked , d'Arnaud to second , Freeman to third . Finnegan pitching for Nationals . Riley grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for Braves . Turner grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Finnegan pitching for Nationals . Duvall singled to center . Camargo safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Garcia , Duvall to second . Rainey pitching for Nationals . Acuña Jr. struck out swinging , Camargo to second on wild pitch by Rainey , Duvall to third on wild pitch by Rainey . Swanson walked . Freeman homered to center ( 435 feet ) , Duvall scored , Camargo scored and Swanson scored . Ozuna struck out swinging . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 5th . Dayton pitching for Braves . Thames flied out to center . Difo walked . Garcia grounded out to pitcher , Difo to second . Taylor grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Suero pitching for Nationals . Markakis struck out swinging . Riley flied out to right . Duvall struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Smith pitching for Braves . Holt struck out looking . Robles flied out to right . Turner homered to center ( 411 feet ) . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Harris pitching for Nationals . Camargo singled to center . Acuña Jr. struck out swinging . Swanson struck out swinging . Freeman lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Weigel pitching for Braves . Suzuki walked . Thames doubled to deep center , Suzuki to third . Difo hit sacrifice fly to center , Suzuki scored . Garcia walked , Thames to third on wild pitch by Weigel . Taylor reached on bunt single to catcher , Thames scored , Garcia to second . Holt walked , Taylor to second , Garcia to third . Robles grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Holt to second , Taylor to third , Garcia out at home . Culberson pitching for Braves . Turner flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Hudson pitching for Nationals . Ozuna walked . d'Arnaud homered to left center ( 400 feet ) , Ozuna scored . Markakis safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Turner , Markakis safe at second on error . Riley popped out to second . Duvall flied out to right . Camargo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Nationals 10 - Braves 9 .	Acuña hits 2 HRs as surging Braves beat struggling Nats 7 - 1