Nationals - Top 1st . Rueter pitching for Giants . Wilkerson walked . Wilkerson caught stealing second , pitcher to first to pitcher . Carroll struck out looking . Guillen homered to left . Castilla walked . Johnson singled to right , Castilla to second . Hammonds grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Vizquel flied out to left . Alfonzo lined out to first . Tucker doubled to deep center . Alou grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Bennett doubled to deep left . Loaiza flied out to right . Wilkerson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Feliz singled to center . Niekro grounded into double play , third to second to first , Feliz out at second . Torrealba struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Carroll struck out looking . Guillen lined out to right . Castilla grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Cruz doubled to deep right . Rueter sacrificed to pitcher , Cruz to third . Vizquel grounded out to first , Cruz scored . Alfonzo flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . Hammonds fouled out to catcher . Guzman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Tucker grounded out to second . Alou singled to center . Feliz walked , Alou to second . Niekro grounded into fielder 's choice double play , first to shortstop to pitcher to third , Feliz out at second , Alou out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Bennett singled to left . Loaiza bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Bennett out at second . Wilkerson singled to left , Loaiza to second . Carroll reached on infield single to second , Loaiza to third , Wilkerson to second . Guillen hit sacrifice fly to center , Loaiza scored , Wilkerson to third . Castilla flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Torrealba singled to center . Cruz grounded out to shortstop , Torrealba to second . Rueter grounded out to second , Torrealba to third . Vizquel reached on infield single to shortstop , Torrealba scored . Vizquel caught stealing second , catcher to second . Alfonzo batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Johnson walked . Hammonds lined out to right . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at second . Bennett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guzman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Alfonzo singled to center . Tucker lined into double play , to first , Alfonzo doubled off first . Alou flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Loaiza grounded out to pitcher . Wilkerson lined out to right . Carroll singled to right . Guillen safe at third on error by center fielder Tucker , Carroll scored , Guillen advanced to second on play , Guillen tagged out at third attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 7th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Feliz grounded out to first . Niekro flied out to left . Herges pitching for Giants . Torrealba flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Herges pitching for Giants . Castilla struck out looking . Johnson singled to center . Chavez ran for Hammonds . Hammonds grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson out at second . Chavez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Wilkerson in left field . Chavez in center field . Guzman batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Durham hit for Herges . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Durham grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel singled to deep right . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Alfonzo hit ground rule double to left , Vizquel to third . Tucker walked . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Alou walked , Alfonzo to third , Tucker to second . Walker pitching for Giants . Ellison in center field . Feliz struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Walker pitching for Giants . Guzman flied out to left . Davis hit for Carrasco . Bennett grounded out to shortstop . Davis singled to center . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Wilkerson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Niekro reached on infield single to third . Torrealba sacrificed to first , Niekro to second . Cruz lined into double play , to right , Niekro doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 10th . Walker pitching for Giants . Carroll singled to left . Carroll stole second . Guillen sacrificed to pitcher , Carroll to third . Eyre pitching for Giants . Castilla intentionally walked . Johnson struck out swinging . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castilla out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 10th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Ellison grounded out to third . Vizquel flied out to left . Alfonzo popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 11th . Eyre pitching for Giants . Guzman walked . Bennett grounded into double play , second to first , Guzman out at second . Grissom hit for Eyre . Rauch struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 11th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Grissom fouled out to first . Alou grounded out to shortstop . Brower pitching for Giants . Feliz lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 12th . Brower pitching for Giants . Wilkerson popped out to shortstop . Carroll singled to right . Guillen struck out swinging . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Castilla walked , Carroll to second . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 12th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Niekro lined out to center . Torrealba bunt grounded out to pitcher . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 13th . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Chavez grounded out to second . Guzman grounded out to second . Bennett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 13th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Ellison reached on infield single to shortstop . Ellison to second on wild pitch by Rauch . Vizquel doubled to deep right , Ellison scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Giants 4 .	Giants need 13 to beat Nats , snap losing streak