Athletics - Top 1st . Rueter pitching for Giants . Kotsay doubled to deep left . Byrnes fouled out to catcher . Kendall grounded out to second , Kotsay to third . Chavez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Ellison flied out to right . Vizquel safe at first on error by second baseman Ginter . Snow grounded out to second , Vizquel to second . Alou singled to left , Vizquel thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 2nd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Kielty singled to right . Hatteberg singled to center , Kielty to second . Ginter walked , Kielty to third , Hatteberg to second . Scutaro walked , Kielty scored , Hatteberg to third , Ginter to second . Blanton grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Hatteberg out at home , Ginter to third , Scutaro to second . Kotsay grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Durham grounded out to second . Feliz popped out to second . Alfonzo reached on infield single to shortstop . Matheny grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Byrnes flied out to center . Kendall lined out to right . Chavez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Rueter reached on bunt single to second . Ellison lined into double play , right to first , Rueter doubled off first . Vizquel singled to center . Vizquel stole second . Snow popped out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Kielty doubled to left . Hatteberg grounded out to second , Kielty to third . Ginter hit sacrifice fly to right , Kielty scored . Scutaro singled to left . Blanton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Alou grounded out to pitcher . Durham grounded out to first . Feliz walked . Alfonzo walked , Feliz to second . Matheny walked , Feliz to third , Alfonzo to second . Rueter grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Matheny out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Kotsay grounded out to second . Byrnes hit by pitch . Kendall grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Byrnes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Ellison flied out to left . Vizquel walked . Snow grounded out to second , Vizquel to second . Alou homered to center , Vizquel scored . Durham singled to center . Durham to third on wild pitch by Blanton . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Feliz singled to left center , Durham scored . Alfonzo singled to right , Feliz to third . Matheny struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Chavez reached on infield single to second . Kielty singled to right center , Chavez to third . Hatteberg walked , Kielty to second . Ginter hit sacrifice fly , right to shortstop to second , Chavez scored , Hatteberg doubled off first , Kielty to third . Scutaro walked . Yabu lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Rueter grounded out to third . Ellison grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel walked . Snow lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Kotsay grounded out to second . Munter pitching for Giants . Byrnes singled to center . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Kendall safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alfonzo , Byrnes to second . Chavez singled to center , Byrnes scored , Kendall to third , Chavez to second advancing on throw . Kielty intentionally walked . Brower pitching for Giants . Hatteberg hit sacrifice fly to center , Kendall scored . Ginter homered to left , Chavez and Kielty scored . Scutaro grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 7th . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Alou lined out to third . Durham walked . Feliz grounded out to third , Durham to second . Alfonzo singled to left , Durham scored . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Ellis at second base . Feliz at third base . Accardo pitching for Giants . Tucker in left field . Matheny grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Accardo pitching for Giants . Ellis doubled to right center . Kotsay flied out to left . Byrnes grounded out to third , Ellis to third . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Tucker grounded out to first . Ellison struck out looking . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Accardo pitching for Giants . Chavez grounded out to third . Kielty singled to right center . Street pitching for Athletics . Thomas in right field . Hatteberg grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Kielty out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Street pitching for Athletics . Snow struck out swinging . Alou grounded out to shortstop . Durham walked . Durham to second on fielder 's indifference . Feliz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 8 - Giants 4 .	Backup Ginter stars in A 's victory over Giants