Indians - Top 1st . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Sizemore walked . Crisp singled to right , Sizemore to second . Sizemore to third , Crisp to second on wild pitch by Schmidt . Broussard struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to second , Sizemore scored , Crisp to third . Gerut grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Indians . Tucker struck out swinging . Vizquel grounded out to second . Snow lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Belliard homered to left . Boone flied out to left . Peralta struck out looking . Davis struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Indians . Alou lined out to pitcher . Durham singled to center . Feliz struck out swinging . Durham caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Sizemore struck out swinging . Crisp struck out looking . Broussard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Indians . Ellison popped out to shortstop . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Schmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Martinez walked . Gerut doubled to deep center , Martinez scored . Belliard doubled to right center , Gerut scored . Boone struck out swinging . Peralta walked . Davis sacrificed to pitcher , Belliard to third , Peralta to second . Sizemore doubled to deep right , Belliard and Peralta scored . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Indians . Tucker singled to center . Vizquel singled to right , Tucker to second . Snow struck out swinging . Alou singled to right , Tucker scored , Vizquel to second . Durham singled to center , Vizquel scored , Alou to second . Feliz struck out swinging . Ellison singled to left , Alou scored , Durham to second . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ellison out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Broussard grounded out to second . Martinez flied out to left . Gerut singled to right . Grissom hit for Schmidt . Belliard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Indians . Grissom singled to left . Tucker grounded out to first , Grissom to second . Vizquel grounded out to second , Grissom to third . Brower pitching for Giants . Snow grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Brower pitching for Giants . Boone lined out to third . Peralta popped out to second . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Davis pitching for Indians . Alou singled to right . Durham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Alou out at second . Feliz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Brower pitching for Giants . Sizemore reached on infield single to second . Crisp lined out to center . Broussard singled to right , Sizemore to third . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center , Sizemore scored , Broussard to second . Gerut walked . Belliard singled to left , Broussard thrown out at home , Gerut to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Davis pitching for Indians . Ellison reached on bunt single to third . Ellison to second on wild pitch by Davis . Niekro hit for Brower . Torrealba walked . Niekro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Torrealba out at second , Ellison to third . Taschner pitching for Giants . Tucker lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Taschner pitching for Giants . Boone popped out to shortstop . Hernandez hit for Davis . Peralta flied out to left . Hernandez doubled to deep center . Howry pitching for Indians . Sizemore grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Howry pitching for Indians . Vizquel lined out to right . Snow grounded out to second . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Alou grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Crisp safe at first on error by third baseman Feliz . Crisp caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Broussard grounded out to shortstop . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 9th . Howry pitching for Indians . Durham singled to deep right . Feliz singled to right center , Durham to second . Wickman pitching for Indians . Ellison doubled to right center , Durham scored , Feliz to third . Alfonzo hit for Christiansen . Torrealba grounded out to second , Feliz scored , Ellison to third . Alfonzo hit sacrifice fly to center , Ellison scored . Tucker walked . Tucker stole second . Vizquel walked . Tucker stole third , Vizquel stole second . Snow struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 7 - Giants 6 .	Indians beat up on Schmidt as Giants lose again