Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Rueter pitching for Giants . Counsell walked . Clayton singled to left , Counsell to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , to shortstop , Counsell out at third , Clayton out at second , Gonzalez to first . Glaus walked , Gonzalez to second . Clark singled to left , Gonzalez scored , Glaus to second . Green grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel grounded out to first . Snow singled to left . Alou fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Rueter pitching for Giants . McCracken singled to center . Snyder struck out looking . Webb sacrificed to pitcher , McCracken to second . Counsell lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Feliz singled to right . Linden grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Feliz out at second . Ellison safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Glaus . Torrealba singled to left , Ellison thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Clayton struck out looking . Gonzalez singled to right . Glaus struck out looking . Clark grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Rueter struck out swinging . Durham grounded out to third . Vizquel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Green walked . McCracken sacrificed to pitcher , Green to second . Snyder flied out to right . Webb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Snow doubled to right . Alou grounded out to second , Snow to third . Feliz hit sacrifice fly to left , Snow scored . Linden grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Counsell grounded out to first . Clayton walked . Clayton stole second . Gonzalez popped out to first . Glaus doubled to deep right center , Clayton scored . Clark popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellison grounded out to pitcher . Torrealba grounded out to third . Rueter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Green flied out to center . McCracken grounded out to pitcher . Snyder lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham grounded out to second . Vizquel lined out to right . Cruz at second base . Snow grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Webb grounded out to third . Counsell reached on bunt single to first . Clayton grounded out to third , Counsell to second . Munter pitching for Giants . Gonzalez singled to center , Counsell scored . Glaus lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Alou singled to left . Alou stole second . Feliz struck out swinging . Linden lined out to shortstop . Ellison singled to right center , Alou scored . Tucker hit for Munter . Torrealba singled to left , Ellison to second . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Tucker grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Clark grounded out to shortstop . Green tripled to deep right center . McCracken reached on infield single to second , Green scored . Cintron hit for Webb . Snyder hit ground rule double to left , McCracken to third . Cintron singled to center , McCracken scored , Snyder to third . Puffer pitching for Giants . Counsell hit sacrifice fly to left , Snyder scored , Counsell safe at first on error by left fielder Alou . Cintron to second , Counsell to first on error by left fielder Alou . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Clayton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Counsell out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 8th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz flied out to center . Vizquel walked . Snow grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Vizquel out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Puffer pitching for Giants . Gonzalez flied out to right . Glaus homered to left . Clark flied out to center . Green walked . McCracken flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Alou walked . Feliz walked , Alou to second . Linden struck out swinging . Ellison struck out looking . Torrealba struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Giants 2 .	Efficient Webb ends win drought backed by Glaus