Mariners - Top 1st . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Suzuki reached on infield single to first . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki safe at third on error by third baseman Rodriguez . Beltre struck out swinging . Sexson homered to right , Suzuki and Winn scored . Ibanez singled to center . Boone homered to left , Ibanez scored . Reed singled to center . Reed stole second . Olivo struck out swinging . Valdez struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Jeter singled to right . Womack grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jeter safe at second on error by second baseman Boone . Jeter stole third , Womack stole second . Sheffield walked . Matsui doubled to deep left center , Jeter , Womack and Sheffield scored . Rodriguez singled to left , Matsui to third . Martinez struck out swinging . Posada singled to left , Matsui scored , Rodriguez to second . Williams singled to left , Rodriguez scored , Posada to second . Sanchez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Williams out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 2nd . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Suzuki flied out to right . Winn singled to right center . Beltre doubled to deep left , Winn to third . Sexson struck out swinging . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Jeter grounded out to third . Womack reached on infield single to second . Womack stole second . Womack stole third . Sheffield reached on infield single to second , Womack scored . Matsui singled to right , Sheffield to second . Rodriguez struck out looking . Martinez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Boone struck out swinging . Reed struck out swinging . Olivo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Posada singled to deep left . Williams doubled to left , Posada to third . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Sanchez popped out to shortstop . Jeter grounded out to second . Womack flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Valdez flied out to left . Suzuki homered to right . Winn flied out to center . Beltre safe at first on error by third baseman Rodriguez . Sexson walked , Beltre to second . Ibanez homered to right , Beltre and Sexson scored . Boone tripled to deep left . Reed grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Sheffield walked . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sheffield out at second . Rodriguez walked , Matsui to second . Martinez homered to right , Matsui and Rodriguez scored . Posada walked . Williams grounded out to pitcher , Posada to second . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Olivo grounded out to shortstop . Valdez grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki reached on infield single to third . Winn singled to center , Suzuki to second . Beltre grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Jeter homered to right . Womack singled to center . Womack stole second . Sheffield homered to left , Womack scored . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Matsui struck out swinging . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Martinez grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Sexson grounded out to third . Ibanez struck out looking . Boone grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Posada grounded out to pitcher . Williams safe at first on error by first baseman Sexson . Sanchez singled to right , Williams to third . Jeter struck out swinging . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Womack flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Reed grounded out to second . Olivo grounded out to third . Valdez singled to right . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Suzuki lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Sheffield struck out swinging . Matsui grounded out to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Winn flied out to left . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Putz pitching for Mariners . Sexson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Martinez fouled out to third . Posada homered to right . Williams grounded out to second . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Sanchez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Ibanez struck out swinging . Boone struck out swinging . Dobbs hit for Olivo . Reed reached on infield single to shortstop . Dobbs grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 9 - Yankees 13 .	BamTino goes deep again , Yanks rally twice in win