Mariners - Top 1st . Kim pitching for Nationals . Suzuki grounded out to first . Winn grounded out to pitcher . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Wilkerson walked . Church grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wilkerson out at second . Guillen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Kim pitching for Nationals . Sexson grounded out to second . Ibanez struck out swinging . Boone popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Johnson singled to right . Castilla flied out to center . Baerga lined out to right . Schneider flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Kim pitching for Nationals . Morse reached on infield single to pitcher . Rivera lined into double play , second to first , Morse doubled off first . Pineiro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Guzman struck out swinging . Kim grounded out to second . Wilkerson tripled to center . Church grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Kim pitching for Nationals . Suzuki singled to right . Winn singled to right , Suzuki to third . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki out at home , Winn to third , Beltre to second . Sexson singled to right , Winn scored , Beltre to third . Ibanez grounded out to first , Beltre scored , Sexson to second . Boone intentionally walked . Morse flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Guillen lined out to center . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Castilla flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Kim pitching for Nationals . Rivera singled to right center . Pineiro sacrificed to first , Rivera to second . Suzuki safe at first on error by second baseman Baerga . Winn lined out to right . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Baerga lined out to left . Schneider singled to center . Short hit for Kim . Guzman grounded out to pitcher , Schneider to second . Short singled to left , Schneider scored . Tucker pitching for Nationals . Wilkerson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Tucker pitching for Nationals . Sexson homered to left . Ibanez singled to left center . Boone popped out to second . Morse singled to left center , Ibanez to second . Rivera flied out to left . Pineiro flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Church doubled to right . Guillen singled to right , Church scored . Johnson flied out to center . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Castilla grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guillen out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Suzuki flied out to center . Winn walked . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Winn out at second . Villone pitching for Mariners . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beltre out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Baerga walked . Spivey ran for Baerga . Cordero hit for Guzman . Schneider sacrificed to catcher , Spivey to second . Byrd hit for Majewski . Cordero grounded out to shortstop , Spivey to third . Byrd reached on infield single to shortstop , Spivey scored . Wilkerson walked , Byrd to second . Byrd to third , Wilkerson to second on passed ball by Rivera . Spivey at second base . Carroll at shortstop . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Church flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Ibanez flied out to left . Boone lined out to center . Morse singled to right . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Borders catching . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morse out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Guillen singled to center . Johnson walked , Guillen to second . Castilla sacrificed to pitcher , Guillen to third , Johnson to second . Spivey intentionally walked . Schneider singled to right , Guillen scored , Johnson to third , Spivey to second , Johnson scored , Spivey to third on error by right fielder Suzuki . Blanco hit for Ayala . Carroll reached on bunt single to pitcher , Spivey scored , Schneider to second . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Blanco walked , Schneider to third , Carroll to second . Wilkerson walked , Schneider scored , Carroll to third , Blanco to second . Church walked , Carroll scored , Blanco to third , Wilkerson to second . Guillen grounded out to first , Blanco scored , Wilkerson to third , Church to second . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Johnson lined out to center . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Borders flied out to center . Suzuki fouled out to first . Winn singled to right . Beltre fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Nationals 9 .	Nationals streak to eighth straight victory