Orioles - Top 1st . Meche pitching for Mariners . Roberts grounded out to first . Bigbie grounded out to second . Mora reached on infield single to third . Tejada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Suzuki lined out to center . Winn singled to left . Ibanez grounded out to second , Winn to second . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Palmeiro homered to right . Surhoff grounded out to second . Gibbons reached on infield single to second . Matos flied out to right . Fasano popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Beltre flied out to left . Reed walked . Morse grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Reed out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Roberts singled to center . Bigbie grounded into double play , third to second to first , Roberts out at second . Mora walked . Tejada singled to left , Mora to second . Palmeiro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Lopez popped out to shortstop . Olivo lined out to center . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Surhoff walked . Gibbons grounded out to first , Surhoff to second . Matos grounded out to second , Surhoff to third . Fasano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Winn grounded out to first . Ibanez struck out swinging . Sexson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Roberts walked . Roberts to second on wild pitch by Meche . Bigbie flied out to left . Mora lined out to center . Tejada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Beltre grounded out to first . Reed hit ground rule double to deep right center . Morse flied out to center . Reed to third on wild pitch by Ponson . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Palmeiro walked . Surhoff grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Palmeiro out at second . Gibbons flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Olivo singled to left center . Olivo stole second , Olivo safe at third on throwing error by catcher Fasano . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to center , Olivo scored . Winn hit by pitch . Ibanez walked , Winn to second . Sexson singled to center , Winn scored , Ibanez to third , Sexson to second advancing on throw . Beltre intentionally walked . Reed struck out swinging . Morse singled to center , Ibanez and Sexson scored , Beltre to third . Williams pitching for Orioles . Lopez doubled to left , Beltre scored , Morse to third . Olivo grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 7th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Matos popped out to shortstop . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Fasano grounded out to third . Roberts walked . Bigbie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for Orioles . Suzuki grounded out to third . Winn reached on infield single to pitcher . Ibanez safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada , Winn to third . Sexson hit sacrifice fly to right , Winn scored . Kline pitching for Orioles . Beltre struck out swinging , Beltre safe at first on wild pitch by Williams . Reed singled to right , Ibanez scored , Beltre to third . Morse walked , Reed to second . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Lopez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 8th . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Mora doubled to left . Villone pitching for Mariners . Tejada grounded out to pitcher . Palmeiro struck out swinging . Surhoff singled to left , Mora to third . Gomez at shortstop . Gibbons flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Kline pitching for Orioles . Olivo homered to left . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki out at second . Spiezio hit for Sexson . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Winn out at second , Ibanez to second on throwing error by shortstop Gomez . Spiezio at first base . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Spiezio popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 9th . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Matos flied out to right . Fasano singled to left center . Marrero hit for Bigbie . Roberts doubled to deep left , Fasano to third . Marrero hit sacrifice fly to center , Fasano scored . Mora flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 2 - Mariners 8 .	Mariners pounce on Ponson , cruise past Orioles