Tigers - Top 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Granderson struck out swinging . Guillen singled to right . Shelton struck out swinging . Ordonez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Suzuki lined out to left . Winn singled to right . Ibanez flied out to left . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Winn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . White reached on infield single to third . Rodriguez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , White out at second . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Reed flied out to right . Bloomquist singled to center . Lopez walked . Olivo fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Infante flied out to center . McDonald doubled to center . Granderson flied out to center , McDonald to third . Guillen singled to left center , McDonald scored . Guillen caught stealing second , catcher to second . Shelton batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Suzuki singled to left . Winn struck out swinging . Ibanez walked , Suzuki to second . Sexson batting . Beltre singled to left , Suzuki scored , Ibanez to third , Sexson to second . Reed hit sacrifice fly to center , Ibanez scored . Bloomquist grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Shelton grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez popped out to second . White singled to right center . Rodriguez walked , White to second . Young doubled to left , White and Rodriguez scored . Infante fouled out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Lopez singled to left . Olivo struck out swinging . Suzuki lined into double play , second to first , Lopez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . McDonald walked . Granderson struck out swinging . Guillen grounded out to first , McDonald to second . Shelton singled to right center , McDonald scored . Ordonez singled to center , Shelton to second . White popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Winn walked . Ibanez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Winn out at second . Sexson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez singled to right . Young singled to left center , Rodriguez to second . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Infante sacrificed to first , Rodriguez to third , Young to second . Rodriguez caught stealing home , catcher to third . McDonald struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Beltre struck out swinging . Reed singled to center . Bloomquist singled to right center , Reed to third . Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop , Reed scored , Bloomquist to second . Olivo grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Bloomquist out at third , Lopez to second . Suzuki tripled to deep right center , Lopez and Olivo scored . Winn struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Granderson struck out swinging . Guillen lined out to right . Shelton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Ibanez lined out to second . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . Beltre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . White hit by pitch . Logan ran for White . Villone pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez singled to right center , White to second . Young homered to left center , Logan and Rodriguez scored . Infante grounded out to third . Monroe in left field . McDonald grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Reed flied out to left . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Lopez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Granderson singled to left . Guillen singled to center , Granderson to second . Granderson to third , Guillen to second on passed ball by Olivo . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Shelton walked . Ordonez hit sacrifice fly to center , Granderson scored . Logan lined out to center , Guillen to third . Farnsworth pitching for Tigers . Hansen hit for Olivo . Rodriguez lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Farnsworth pitching for Tigers . Hansen struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to second . Winn walked . Winn to second on fielder 's indifference . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 8 - Mariners 5 .	Young ties career high with 5 RBI in Tigers ' win