Indians - Top 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Sizemore walked . Crisp singled to center , Sizemore to second . Peralta fouled out to left . Martinez singled to right , Sizemore scored , Crisp to third . Liefer singled to center , Crisp scored , Martinez to third . Belliard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Liefer out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Suzuki grounded out to first . Reed singled to left . Ibanez singled to left , Reed to second . Sexson singled to center , Reed scored , Ibanez to second . Beltre doubled to left , Ibanez scored , Sexson to third . Morse struck out swinging . Hansen lined out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Boone singled to left center . Broussard walked , Boone to second . Blake sacrificed to pitcher , Boone to third , Broussard to second . Sizemore walked . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Boone out at home , Broussard to third , Sizemore to second . Peralta doubled to left , Broussard , Sizemore and Crisp scored . Martinez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Gonzalez singled to left . Betancourt singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Suzuki lined out to third . Reed reached on infield single to third , Gonzalez to third , Betancourt to second . Ibanez grounded out to second , Gonzalez scored , Betancourt to third , Reed to second . Sexson walked . Beltre struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Liefer grounded out to shortstop . Belliard flied out to center . Boone flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Morse grounded out to pitcher . Hansen grounded out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Broussard flied out to center . Blake homered to left . Sizemore flied out to left . Crisp struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Betancourt flied out to right . Suzuki popped out to second . Reed grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Peralta flied out to left . Martinez doubled to deep right . Liefer fouled out to third . Belliard singled to center , Martinez scored . Boone flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Ibanez singled to center . Sexson hit ground rule double to deep center , Ibanez to third . Beltre popped out to third . Morse grounded out to second , Ibanez scored , Sexson to third . Hansen singled to right , Sexson scored . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hansen out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Broussard singled to right . Blake doubled to deep left , Broussard to third . Sizemore walked . Crisp hit sacrifice fly to center , Broussard scored , Blake to third . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blake scored , Sizemore out at second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peralta out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to second . Reed walked . Ibanez doubled to deep center , Reed scored . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Sexson walked . Beltre hit ground rule double to deep center , Ibanez scored , Sexson to third . Morse struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Liefer flied out to right . Belliard popped out to shortstop . Boone flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Hansen popped out to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Rhodes pitching for Indians . Betancourt singled to center . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Suzuki lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Broussard struck out swinging . Blake lined out to third . Sizemore popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Rhodes pitching for Indians . Reed grounded out to second . Howry pitching for Indians . Ibanez walked . Sexson struck out swinging . Beltre grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Crisp struck out looking . Peralta walked . Martinez struck out swinging . Wickman pitching for Indians . Liefer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Wickman pitching for Indians . Morse doubled to deep center . Hansen flied out to left . Strong ran for Gonzalez . Bloomquist ran for Morse . Gonzalez walked . Betancourt lined out to left . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 9 - Mariners 7 .	Mariners rally late , but Peralta powers Tribe to win