Mariners - Top 1st . Mays pitching for Twins . Suzuki singled to right . Bloomquist singled to center , Suzuki to second . Ibanez struck out looking . Sexson reached on infield single to first , Suzuki to third , Bloomquist to second . Beltre popped out to first . Reed grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Stewart singled to right center . Punto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stewart out at second . Mauer singled to center , Punto to third . Morneau grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Punto scored , Mauer out at second . LeCroy homered to center , Morneau scored . Jones struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Mays pitching for Twins . Morse singled to left . Betancourt doubled to deep center , Morse scored . Ojeda walked . Betancourt to third , Ojeda to second on wild pitch by Mays . Suzuki walked . Bloomquist lined into double play , first to shortstop , Ojeda doubled off second . Ibanez singled to center , Betancourt scored , Suzuki to second . Sexson grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Ford singled to right . Cuddyer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ford out at second . Abernathy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Mays pitching for Twins . Beltre homered to left center . Reed popped out to shortstop . Morse flied out to right . Betancourt grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Stewart singled to left . Punto flied out to left . Mauer singled to center , Stewart to second . Morneau singled to right , Stewart scored , Mauer to second . Mauer to third , Morneau to second on balk by Franklin . LeCroy grounded out to third . Jones intentionally walked . Ford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Mays pitching for Twins . Ojeda grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Bloomquist reached on infield single to third , Bloomquist to second on throwing error by third baseman Cuddyer . Ibanez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 4th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Cuddyer flied out to center . Abernathy singled to left . Stewart flied out to center . Abernathy stole second . Punto popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Mays pitching for Twins . Sexson singled to center . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sexson out at second . Reed grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Mauer lined out to center . Morneau struck out looking . LeCroy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Mays pitching for Twins . Morse struck out swinging . Betancourt grounded out to third . Ojeda flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Ford reached on infield single to third . Ford stole second . Cuddyer grounded out to third . Abernathy singled to center , Ford scored . Stewart singled to left center , Abernathy to second . Romero pitching for Twins . Punto struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Romero pitching for Twins . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Bloomquist flied out to right . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Ibanez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Mauer struck out swinging . Morneau struck out swinging . Bartlett ran for LeCroy . LeCroy walked . Rodriguez at second base . Rincon pitching for Twins . Jones grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Sexson flied out to right . Beltre singled to right . Reed flied out to left . Putz pitching for Mariners . Morse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Ford flied out to left . Cuddyer doubled to deep left . Rodriguez reached on infield single to first , Cuddyer to third . Stewart singled to center , Cuddyer scored , Rodriguez to third . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Punto singled to center , Rodriguez scored , Stewart to third . Mauer struck out looking . Crain pitching for Twins . Hansen hit for Betancourt . Morneau grounded out to pitcher . Spiezio singled to right . Suzuki grounded into double play , second to first , Spiezio out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Twins 7 .	Taking the fifth : Twins ' hot streak continues vs. Mariners