Mariners - Top 1st . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to right . Santiago hit by pitch , Suzuki to second . Ibanez singled to center , Suzuki scored , Santiago to second . Sexson struck out swinging . Beltre grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ibanez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Dellucci struck out looking . Young singled to left . Teixeira flied out to center . Blalock singled to center , Young to second . Soriano singled to center , Young scored , Blalock to second . Mench singled to left , Blalock scored , Soriano to second . Gonzalez walked , Soriano to third , Mench to second . Matthews Jr grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Dobbs batting . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dobbs out at second . Bubela fouled out to third . Betancourt to third on wild pitch by Rupe . Torrealba struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Barajas struck out swinging . Dellucci struck out looking . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Suzuki bunt grounded out to first . Santiago grounded out to first . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Teixeira doubled to deep right . Blalock walked . Soriano flied out to right , Teixeira to third . Mench popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Sexson grounded out to second . Beltre lined out to center . Dobbs singled to center . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dobbs out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Matthews Jr walked . Barajas homered to left , Matthews Jr scored . Dellucci doubled to deep center . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Young singled to left , Dellucci to third . Teixeira singled to right , Dellucci scored , Young to second . Blalock grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Teixeira out at second , Young to third . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Bubela grounded out to first . Torrealba grounded out to third . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Santiago struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Mench flied out to right . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Matthews Jr safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt . Barajas fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Ibanez walked . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Sexson singled to left , Ibanez to second . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sexson out at second , Ibanez to third . Dobbs walked . Betancourt singled to left , Ibanez scored , Dobbs to second . Bubela flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Dellucci grounded out to first . Young flied out to center . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Teixeira grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Torrealba grounded out to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . Santiago walked . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Ibanez singled to center , Santiago to second . Sexson doubled to deep left , Santiago scored , Ibanez thrown out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Blalock lined out to left . Soriano flied out to right . Mench fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Beltre singled to left . Dobbs lined out to center . Betancourt flied out to right . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Bubela struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Thornton pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Matthews Jr struck out looking . Atchison pitching for Mariners . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Hansen hit for Torrealba . Barajas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Hansen struck out swinging . Suzuki hit by pitch . Santiago singled to left , Suzuki to second . Ibanez flied out to right , Suzuki to third . Sexson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Rangers 5 .	Rangers set AL home homer record in win vs. Mariners