Mariners - Top 1st . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki grounded out to second . Betancourt grounded out to pitcher . Ibanez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Johnson struck out looking . Hill walked . Wells lined out to left . Koskie flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Sexson safe at first on error by third baseman Koskie . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sexson out at second . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Reed grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . Hinske grounded out to first . Menechino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Morse grounded out to shortstop . Torrealba grounded out to second . Suzuki singled to left center . Betancourt singled to right , Suzuki to second . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Rios tripled to deep left center . Huckaby doubled to deep left , Rios scored . Johnson singled to center , Huckaby scored . Hill singled to right center , Johnson to third . Wells singled to center , Johnson scored , Hill to second . Koskie grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wells out at second , Hill to third . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . Beltre doubled to right . Lopez homered to left , Beltre scored . Reed singled to left . Morse singled to right , Reed to second . Torrealba struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Hinske struck out swinging . Menechino lined out to third . Rios homered to left . Huckaby struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Betancourt tripled to deep right center . Ibanez walked . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Betancourt scored , Ibanez out at second . Sexson to second on wild pitch by Downs . Beltre struck out swinging . Lopez popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Johnson safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt . Hill walked , Johnson to second . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hill out at second , Johnson to third . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Koskie grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Reed singled to center . Morse struck out looking . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reed out at home . Suzuki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Hinske struck out looking . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Menechino flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Betancourt flied out to left . Ibanez singled to center . Sexson struck out swinging . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Beltre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Rios flied out to right . Huckaby lined out to third . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Hill at second base . Adams at shortstop . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Reed struck out swinging . Morse struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Hill grounded out to second . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Wells flied out to center . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Dobbs hit for Torrealba . Koskie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Bubela ran for Dobbs . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Dobbs singled to center . Santiago hit for Betancourt . Suzuki reached on bunt single to pitcher , Bubela to second . Santiago sacrificed to pitcher , Bubela to third , Suzuki to second . Ibanez intentionally walked . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Sexson homered to right , Bubela , Suzuki and Ibanez scored . Beltre flied out to right . Lopez reached on infield single to third . Santiago at shortstop . Ojeda catching . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Reed flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Hillenbrand singled to right . Hinske flied out to right . Adams singled to center , Hillenbrand to second . Zaun hit for Huckaby . Rios safe at first on error by shortstop Santiago , Hillenbrand to third , Adams to second . Zaun grounded out to pitcher , Hillenbrand scored , Adams to third , Rios to second . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Mariners 7 - Blue Jays 5 .	Sexson 's ninth - inning slam ends Mariners ' four - game skid