Mariners - Top 1st . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Betancourt singled to left center . Betancourt caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to first to shortstop to pitcher . Ibanez walked . Sexson singled to center , Ibanez to second . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Adams reached on infield single to first . Catalanotto singled to left , Adams to third . Wells singled to center , Adams scored , Catalanotto to second . Koskie doubled to deep center , Catalanotto scored , Wells to third . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wells out at home , Koskie to third . Rios singled to center , Koskie scored , Hillenbrand to third . Gross singled to right , Hillenbrand scored , Rios to third . Hill hit sacrifice fly to left , Rios scored . Quiroz doubled to deep left , Gross to third . Adams struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Morse flied out to right . Reed flied out to left . Lopez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Catalanotto grounded out to first . Wells struck out swinging . Koskie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Torrealba lined out to pitcher . Suzuki grounded out to third . Betancourt walked . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Hillenbrand popped out to second . Rios struck out swinging . Gross struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Sexson walked . Beltre flied out to left . Morse singled to right center , Sexson to second . Reed hit ground rule double to third , Sexson scored , Morse to third . Lopez doubled to center , Morse and Reed scored . Torrealba grounded out to third . Suzuki grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Hill struck out swinging . Quiroz struck out looking . Adams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Chacin pitching for Blue Jays . Betancourt walked . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Betancourt out at second . Sexson doubled to center , Ibanez to third . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Beltre doubled to left , Ibanez and Sexson scored . Morse struck out swinging . Reed struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Catalanotto singled to center . Wells grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Catalanotto out at second . Koskie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Lopez struck out looking . Torrealba singled to center . Suzuki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Torrealba out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Hillenbrand flied out to right . Rios flied out to left . Gross flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Betancourt grounded out to second . Ibanez flied out to left . Sexson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Hill fouled out to third . Quiroz struck out swinging . Adams safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Catalanotto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Beltre reached on infield single to third . Dobbs hit for Morse . Dobbs grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Beltre out at second . Reed singled to center . Reed stole second . Lopez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Wells flied out to right . Koskie walked . Hillenbrand flied out to center . Rios homered to left , Koskie scored . Gross doubled to deep right . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Santiago hit for Torrealba . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Hill fouled out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Santiago hit by pitch . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Hansen hit for Betancourt . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santiago out at second . Suzuki to second on fielder 's indifference . Hansen flied out to right , Suzuki to third . Ibanez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 5 - Blue Jays 7 .	Rios ' 2 - run shot in the 8th the difference in Jays ' win