Yankees - Top 1st . Damon flied out to left . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Kotsay singled to left . Ellis struck out swinging . Chavez lined out to right . Thomas lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Giambi grounded out to first . Matsui homered to center . Posada singled to center . Williams struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Johnson grounded out to second . Bradley grounded out to third . Payton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Cano doubled to center . Damon singled to right , Cano to third . Jeter struck out swinging . Sheffield homered to left , Cano and Damon scored . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Giambi singled to center , Rodriguez to second . Matsui struck out swinging , Rodriguez to third , Giambi to second on wild pitch by Haren . Posada struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Kendall grounded out to third . Scutaro singled to right . Kotsay grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Scutaro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Williams struck out looking . Cano lined out to second . Damon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Chavez singled to center . Thomas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chavez safe at second on error by shortstop Jeter . Johnson walked , Chavez to third , Thomas to second . Bradley singled to left , Chavez and Thomas scored , Johnson to second . Payton singled to right , Johnson to third , Bradley to second . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson scored , Payton out at second , Bradley to third . Scutaro batting . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 5th . Jeter singled to right . Sheffield fouled out to left . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jeter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Kotsay singled to right . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kotsay out at second . Chavez singled to right , Ellis to third . Thomas struck out swinging . Johnson walked , Chavez to second . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Bradley walked , Ellis scored , Chavez to third , Johnson to second . Payton fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Giambi struck out looking . Matsui flied out to right . Wright pitching for Yankees . Posada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Scutaro grounded out to second . Kotsay walked . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Williams struck out looking . Cano grounded out to pitcher . Damon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Chavez flied out to left . Thomas struck out looking . Johnson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Jeter flied out to center . Sheffield reached on infield single to shortstop . Sheffield stole second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Giambi flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Bradley tripled to deep center . Payton safe at first on error by second baseman Cano , Bradley scored . Kendall singled to right , Payton to third . Myers pitching for Yankees . Scutaro singled to center , Payton scored , Kendall to second . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Kotsay struck out swinging . Kendall to third on wild pitch by Farnsworth . Ellis walked , Scutaro to second . Chavez popped out to first . Swisher ran for Thomas . Villone pitching for Yankees . Thomas doubled to deep left center , Kendall , Scutaro and Ellis scored . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 9th . Matsui flied out to center . Posada grounded out to shortstop . Williams grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 4 - Athletics 9 .	Athletics take two of three from Yankees