Yankees - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Damon flied out to right . Jeter grounded out to third . Giambi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Wang pitching for Yankees . Youkilis walked . Loretta grounded out to second , Youkilis to second . Ortiz singled to left , Youkilis scored . Ramirez walked , Ortiz to second . Nixon walked , Ortiz to third , Ramirez to second . Lowell grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ortiz out at home , Ramirez to third , Nixon to second . Pena flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez walked . Matsui struck out swinging . Posada flied out to right . Cano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Mirabelli grounded out to shortstop . Cora grounded out to first . Youkilis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Cairo grounded out to shortstop . Crosby reached on infield single to shortstop . Crosby caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Damon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Loretta grounded out to third . Ortiz walked . Ramirez singled to right , Ortiz to second . Nixon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Jeter singled to right center . Giambi walked , Jeter to second . Rodriguez walked , Jeter to third , Giambi to second . Matsui grounded out to first , Jeter scored , Giambi to third , Rodriguez to second . Posada grounded out to second . Cano singled to center , Giambi and Rodriguez scored . Cairo grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Pena flied out to center . Mirabelli flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Crosby struck out swinging . Damon popped out to third . Jeter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Cora reached on bunt single to pitcher . Youkilis singled to right , Cora to second . Loretta bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cora out at third , Youkilis to second . Ortiz singled to left , Youkilis to third , Loretta to second . Ramirez singled to right , Youkilis scored , Loretta to third , Ortiz to second . Nixon grounded out to first , Loretta scored , Ortiz to third , Ramirez to second . Lowell flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Giambi lined out to second . Rodriguez popped out to second . Small pitching for Yankees . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Small pitching for Yankees . Pena singled to center . Mirabelli grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pena out at second . Cora fouled out to second . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Posada lined out to first . Cano singled to center . Cairo lined out to third . Crosby grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Small pitching for Yankees . Loretta lined out to second . Ortiz grounded out to third . Ramirez walked . Nixon singled to shallow center , Ramirez to third . Lowell walked , Nixon to second . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Pena flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Damon grounded out to second . Jeter walked . Giambi grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to second to first to shortstop , Jeter out at second , Jeter out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Small pitching for Yankees . Mirabelli grounded out to second . Harris ran for Cora . Cora walked . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Youkilis hit by pitch , Harris to second . Myers pitching for Yankees . Loretta singled to center , Harris scored , Youkilis to second . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Ortiz homered to center , Youkilis and Loretta scored . Ramirez flied out to left . Gonzalez at shortstop . Harris in center field . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Varitek catching . Nixon struck out looking . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Matsui popped out to third . Posada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 3 - Red Sox 7 .	Ortiz homer caps Sox win in Damon 's return to Fenway