Rangers - Top 1st . Chacon pitching for Yankees . Matthews Jr grounded out to first . Young grounded out to pitcher . Teixeira singled to center . Nevin singled to left , Teixeira to second . Blalock singled to center , Teixeira scored , Nevin to third , Nevin scored , Blalock to second on throwing error by center fielder Damon . Mench flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Damon struck out swinging . Jeter singled to right center . Rodriguez flied out to right . Posada struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Chacon pitching for Yankees . Wilkerson walked . DeRosa lined out to right . Barajas hit by pitch , Wilkerson to second . Matthews Jr walked , Wilkerson to third , Barajas to second . Young singled to left , Wilkerson and Barajas scored , Matthews Jr to second . Teixeira doubled to deep right center , Matthews Jr and Young scored . Nevin singled to shallow left , Teixeira to third . Blalock homered to right , Teixeira and Nevin scored . Small pitching for Yankees . Mench singled to left . Wilkerson struck out swinging . DeRosa flied out to center . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Cano hit by pitch . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cano out at second . Phillips doubled to deep left , Williams to third . Cairo singled to left , Williams scored , Phillips to third . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cairo out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Small pitching for Yankees . Barajas grounded out to shortstop . Matthews Jr doubled to left . Young flied out to right . Teixeira doubled to left , Matthews Jr scored , Teixeira out stretching at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Damon singled to center . Jeter doubled to deep center , Damon scored . Rodriguez fouled out to first . Jeter stole third . Posada singled to center , Jeter scored . Cano flied out to center . Williams grounded out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Small pitching for Yankees . Nevin singled to left . Blalock walked , Nevin to second . Mench grounded into double play , third to second to first , Blalock out at second , Nevin to third . Wilkerson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Phillips flied out to left . Cairo grounded out to second . Cabrera reached on infield single to third . Damon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Small pitching for Yankees . DeRosa flied out to left . Barajas grounded out to shortstop . Matthews Jr grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Jeter walked . Rodriguez doubled to deep right , Jeter to third . Posada hit sacrifice fly to left , Jeter scored , Rodriguez to third . Cano grounded out to second , Rodriguez scored . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Williams walked . Phillips doubled to right , Williams to third . Cairo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Small pitching for Yankees . Young grounded out to second . Teixeira singled to right . Villone pitching for Yankees . Nevin struck out swinging . Blalock doubled to left , Teixeira thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Cabrera singled to center . Damon walked , Cabrera to second . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Jeter homered to right , Cabrera and Damon scored . Rodriguez walked . Posada walked , Rodriguez to second . Cano fouled out to first . Williams doubled to right , Rodriguez scored , Posada to third . Phillips struck out looking . Cairo singled to left , Posada and Williams scored , Cairo to second advancing on throw . Crosby in left field . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Cabrera struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Mench walked . Wilkerson homered to right , Mench scored . DeRosa singled to right . Barajas fouled out to catcher . Matthews Jr flied out to left . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Young struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Damon safe at first on error by first baseman Teixeira . Jeter reached on bunt single to catcher , Damon to second , Damon to third on throwing error by catcher Barajas . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher , Jeter to second . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Posada hit sacrifice fly to left , Damon scored , Jeter to third . Cano walked . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cano out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Teixeira struck out swinging . Nevin flied out to right . Blalock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Cairo grounded out to shortstop . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Crosby popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Brown ran for Mench . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Mench singled to center . Wilkerson sacrificed to third , Brown to second . DeRosa walked . Barajas doubled to left , Brown scored , DeRosa to third . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . Brown in right field . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Young grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Damon reached on infield single to first . Jeter grounded out to pitcher , Damon to second . Rodriguez lined out to center . Posada homered to right , Damon scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 13 - Yankees 14 .	Down nine , Yanks come all the way back to win