Marlins - Top 1st . Wang pitching for Yankees . Amezaga flied out to right . Ramirez singled to center . Jacobs grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Damon doubled to right . Jeter safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez , Damon to third . Giambi singled to right , Damon scored , Jeter to second . Jeter to third , Giambi to second on wild pitch by Moehler . Rodriguez struck out looking . Posada singled to right , Jeter and Giambi scored . Cano safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez , Posada to second . Williams safe at first on error by first baseman Jacobs , Posada to third , Cano to second . Phillips struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 3 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Ross grounded out to first . Hermida doubled to deep right . Willingham doubled to deep right , Hermida scored . Olivo homered to left , Willingham scored . Abercrombie hit by pitch . Abercrombie caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Amezaga batting . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Damon walked . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Damon out at second . Giambi grounded out to shortstop , Jeter to second . Rodriguez singled to left , Jeter to third . Posada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Amezaga grounded out to second . Ramirez grounded out to catcher . Jacobs grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Cano grounded out to first . Williams grounded out to second . Phillips tripled to deep right . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Cabrera grounded out to second . Ross grounded out to pitcher . Hermida singled to center . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hermida out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Damon walked . Jeter grounded out to second , Damon to second . Giambi walked . Rodriguez singled to center , Damon scored , Giambi to second . Posada singled to center , Giambi scored , Rodriguez to third , Posada to second advancing on throw . Cano intentionally walked . Williams hit sacrifice fly to right , Rodriguez scored . Phillips singled to left , Posada to third , Cano to second . Cabrera flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Olivo struck out looking . Abercrombie grounded out to catcher . Herges pitching for Marlins . Amezaga singled to left , Amezaga out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Herges pitching for Marlins . Damon struck out looking . Jeter grounded out to pitcher . Giambi popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Ramirez reached on bunt single to pitcher . Jacobs singled to right , Ramirez to third . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ramirez scored , Jacobs out at second . Ross grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Herges pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez flied out to left . Posada singled to shallow left . Cano singled to left , Posada to second . Williams grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cano out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Hermida flied out to center . Willingham grounded out to second . Borchard hit for Abercrombie . Olivo singled to center . Hermida in center field . Borchard in right field . Borchard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Herges pitching for Marlins . Phillips singled to left . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Phillips out at second . Damon flied out to right . Crosby in right field . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Jeter flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Amezaga singled to center . Ramirez singled to center , Amezaga to second . Jacobs struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to left , Amezaga scored , Ramirez to second . Ross struck out swinging . Resop pitching for Marlins . Hermida flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Resop pitching for Marlins . Giambi popped out to catcher . Rodriguez doubled to deep left . Posada flied out to center , Rodriguez to third . Cano intentionally walked . Cano stole second . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Crosby flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Willingham struck out looking . Olivo flied out to center . Borchard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 5 - Yankees 6 .	Posada , Wang help Yankees squeak past Marlins