White Sox - Top 1st . Wright pitching for Yankees . Podsednik walked . Iguchi reached on infield single to pitcher , Podsednik to second . Thome doubled to right , Podsednik scored , Iguchi to third . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Iguchi out at home , Thome to third . Dye grounded into double play , third to second to first , Konerko out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Cabrera flied out to center . Jeter homered to left . Giambi walked . Rodriguez homered to left , Giambi scored . Posada grounded out to second . Guiel struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Wright pitching for Yankees . Pierzynski flied out to right . Crede grounded out to shortstop . Mackowiak singled to left . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mackowiak out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Phillips popped out to shortstop . Cairo grounded out to third . Crosby struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Wright pitching for Yankees . Podsednik walked . Iguchi singled to left , Podsednik to second . Thome grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Iguchi out at second , Podsednik to third . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Podsednik scored , Thome out at second . Konerko to second on wild pitch by Wright . Dye flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Jeter lined out to right , Cabrera to third . Giambi hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Wright pitching for Yankees . Pierzynski popped out to third . Crede fouled out to first . Mackowiak flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Posada grounded out to catcher . Guiel lined out to right . Phillips doubled to left . Cairo singled to right , Phillips scored , Cairo to second advancing on throw . Crosby doubled to right , Cairo scored . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Wright pitching for Yankees . Uribe flied out to left . Podsednik hit ground rule double to right . Iguchi reached on infield single to shortstop , Podsednik to third . Thome struck out swinging . Konerko fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Jeter grounded out to third . Giambi flied out to right . Rodriguez singled to right . Posada singled to left center , Rodriguez to second . Guiel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Wright pitching for Yankees . Dye flied out to center . Pierzynski singled to center . Villone pitching for Yankees . Anderson hit for Mackowiak . Crede doubled to deep left , Pierzynski to third . Anderson hit sacrifice fly to left , Pierzynski scored . Anderson in center field . Uribe singled to left , Crede thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Phillips grounded out to third . Cairo grounded out to third . Crosby grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Villone pitching for Yankees . Podsednik singled to left . Myers pitching for Yankees . Iguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Podsednik safe at second on error by shortstop Jeter . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Thome flied out to center . Konerko flied out to right . Dye flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Cabrera grounded out to first . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Giambi singled to left . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Pierzynski homered to right . Crede singled to center . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Anderson singled to left , Crede to second . Uribe popped out to second . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Podsednik grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Posada grounded out to shortstop . Guiel grounded out to pitcher . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Iguchi doubled to deep right . Ozuna ran for Thome . Thome walked . Konerko grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ozuna out at second , Iguchi to third . Dye struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 4 - Yankees 6 .	Rivera saves 400th game as Yankees sweep ChiSox