Mariners - Top 1st . Wang pitching for Yankees . Suzuki singled to center . Bloomquist walked , Suzuki to second . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bloomquist out at second , Suzuki to third . Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to center , Suzuki scored . Sexson struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Damon singled to center . Jeter grounded out to first , Damon to second . Giambi struck out looking . Rodriguez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Everett grounded out to pitcher . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Posada grounded out to second . Williams flied out to center . Phillips singled to right . Cabrera safe at first on error by first baseman Sexson , Phillips to third . Cairo singled to left , Phillips and Cabrera scored , Cairo to second advancing on throw . Damon singled to left , Cairo scored . Damon caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Jeter batting . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Jones grounded out to second . Suzuki lined out to second . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Jeter singled to left . Giambi flied out to left . Rodriguez popped out to shortstop . Posada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jeter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Beltre safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez . Ibanez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Beltre out at second . Sexson singled to right . Everett grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Williams reached on infield single to third . Phillips flied out to left . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Williams out at second . Cairo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt singled to center . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Betancourt safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jones out at second , Betancourt to third . Bloomquist walked , Suzuki to second . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bloomquist out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Damon flied out to left . Jeter grounded out to second . Giambi homered to right . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Ibanez singled to right . Sexson singled to deep right , Ibanez to third . Everett flied out to left . Johjima singled to left , Ibanez scored , Sexson to second . Betancourt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johjima out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Posada doubled to deep center . Williams flied out to right . Phillips flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Jones flied out to right . Suzuki grounded out to catcher . Bloomquist singled to left . Beltre safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez , Bloomquist advanced to second on play , Bloomquist out at third in rundown . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Cairo fouled out to first . Damon singled to left . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Damon safe at third on error by second baseman Bloomquist . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Giambi intentionally walked . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Green at third base . Crosby in right field . Myers pitching for Yankees . Posada flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Ibanez grounded out to second . Sexson struck out swinging . Everett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Crosby struck out swinging . Phillips safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt . Cabrera singled to right center , Phillips to third , Cabrera out stretching at second . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Cairo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Johjima doubled to deep center . Perez hit for Jones . Betancourt singled to left , Johjima to third . Perez struck out looking . Suzuki popped out to shortstop . Bloomquist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 2 - Yankees 4 .	Wang weathers weather