Yankees - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Damon doubled to deep center . Jeter homered to right , Damon scored . Abreu walked . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Posada flied out to right . Abreu caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Cano batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Karstens pitching for Yankees . Figgins flied out to left . Izturis singled to right . Cabrera safe at first on error by pitcher Karstens , Izturis to second . Guerrero flied out to left . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Cano struck out looking . Williams homered to left center . Wilson struck out looking . Green walked . Damon grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Karstens pitching for Yankees . Rivera struck out swinging . Kendrick walked . Kennedy flied out to center . Napoli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Jeter grounded out to third . Abreu singled to deep center . Rodriguez singled to center , Abreu to third . Posada walked , Rodriguez to second . Cano singled to center , Abreu and Rodriguez scored , Posada to second . Gregg pitching for Angels . Williams homered to left , Posada and Cano scored . Wilson struck out swinging . Green struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Karstens pitching for Yankees . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Izturis singled to center . Cabrera grounded out to third , Izturis to second . Guerrero doubled to deep center , Izturis scored . Anderson walked . Rivera singled to left , Guerrero scored , Anderson to second . Kendrick lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Damon popped out to third . Jeter popped out to second . Abreu flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Karstens pitching for Yankees . Kennedy doubled to left . Napoli flied out to center . Figgins singled to center , Kennedy scored . Izturis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Figgins out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Rodriguez popped out to second . Posada struck out swinging . Cano reached on infield single to third . Williams singled to right , Cano to second . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Karstens pitching for Yankees . Cabrera grounded out to third . Guerrero flied out to center . Anderson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Green struck out swinging . Damon flied out to center . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Karstens pitching for Yankees . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick flied out to left . Kennedy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Rodriguez struck out looking . Posada doubled to deep center . Romero pitching for Angels . Cano singled to right , Posada to third . Williams doubled to deep right center , Posada and Cano scored . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Green reached on infield single to third , Williams to third . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Damon popped out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Napoli singled to right . Figgins singled to center , Napoli to second . Izturis singled to center , Napoli scored , Figgins to second . Cabrera hit into fielder 's choice to right , Izturis out at second , Figgins to third . Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Proctor . Guerrero struck out swinging . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Anderson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Jeter homered to right center . Abreu singled to right . Rodriguez struck out looking . Posada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second . Cano singled to right center , Posada to third . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Williams grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Rivera walked . Kendrick walked , Rivera to second . Kennedy singled to center , Rivera scored , Kendrick to third . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Napoli walked . Figgins safe at first on error by second baseman Green , Kendrick and Kennedy scored , Napoli to second . Cabrera in left field . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Napoli out at third , Figgins to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Izturis out at second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 9th . Giambi hit for Green . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Wilson struck out swinging . Giambi grounded out to shortstop . Cano at second base . Damon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Anderson lined out to first . Rivera struck out swinging . Kendrick hit by pitch . Kendrick to second on fielder 's indifference . Kennedy singled to right , Kendrick scored . Kennedy to second on fielder 's indifference . Napoli struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 11 - Angels 8 .	Williams , Jeter homer twice as Yanks avoid sweep