Yankees - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Damon grounded out to first . Jeter grounded out to third . Abreu flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . DeJesus struck out looking . Grudzielanek singled to center . Teahen struck out swinging . Sweeney doubled to deep left center , Grudzielanek scored , Sweeney to third on throwing error by shortstop Green . Brown struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Rodriguez flied out to center . Posada singled to center . Cano singled to left center , Posada to second . Wilson flied out to right , Posada to third . Cabrera lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Shealy walked . Costa lined out to center . Buck safe at first on error by right fielder Abreu , Shealy to second . Blanco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Buck out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Green lined out to shortstop . Damon singled to left . Jeter reached on infield single to third , Damon to second . Abreu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jeter out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . DeJesus flied out to right . Grudzielanek singled to center . Teahen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Grudzielanek out at second . Sweeney lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Posada struck out swinging . Cano walked . Wilson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Brown singled to center . Shealy singled to left , Brown to second . Costa reached on bunt single to third , Brown to third , Shealy to second . Buck grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Brown scored , Costa out at second , Shealy to third . Blanco singled to left center , Shealy scored . DeJesus struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Cabrera doubled to deep left center . Green struck out looking . Damon grounded out to second , Cabrera to third . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Teahen grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Abreu lined out to left . Rodriguez singled to center . Posada grounded out to third , Rodriguez to second . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Giambi hit for Wilson . Cano walked . Rodriguez to third , Cano to second on wild pitch by Wellemeyer . Giambi at first base . Giambi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Brown homered to left . Shealy struck out swinging . Costa grounded out to second . Buck flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Guiel hit for Green . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Guiel doubled to deep right . Damon flied out to right , Guiel to third . Cannizaro at shortstop . Henn pitching for Yankees . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Henn pitching for Yankees . Blanco doubled to deep left . DeJesus flied out to right , Blanco to third . Grudzielanek hit sacrifice fly to right , Blanco scored . Teahen grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Abreu walked . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Dotel pitching for Yankees . Posada grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Keppinger ran for Sweeney . Dotel pitching for Yankees . Sweeney struck out swinging , Sweeney safe at first on wild pitch by Dotel . Brown walked , Keppinger to second . Shealy flied out to left . Costa popped out to third . Buck flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Cano flied out to center . Giambi walked . Williams hit for Cannizaro . Cabrera singled to left , Giambi to second . Williams struck out swinging . Damon reached on infield single to shortstop , Giambi to third , Cabrera to second . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 0 - Royals 5 .	Mussina hit hard in Yanks return