Red Sox - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Crisp struck out swinging . Loretta fouled out to first . Youkilis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera reached on infield single to pitcher . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cabrera out at second . Abreu grounded out to first , Jeter to second . Rodriguez singled to center , Jeter scored . Giambi flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Pena flied out to right . Lowell lined out to shortstop . Varitek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Posada safe at second on error by left fielder Pena . Williams grounded out to first , Posada to third . Guiel grounded out to pitcher . Cairo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Kapler popped out to shortstop . Pedroia doubled to deep left . Gonzalez hit ground rule double to left , Pedroia scored . Crisp struck out swinging . Loretta reached on infield single to second , Gonzalez to third . Youkilis doubled to left , Gonzalez scored , Loretta to third . Pena grounded out to catcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera flied out to center . Jeter singled to center . Abreu walked , Jeter to second . Rodriguez lined into double play , to second , Jeter doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Varitek walked . Kapler flied out to right . Pedroia walked , Varitek to second . Gonzalez singled to right , Varitek scored , Pedroia to third . Crisp struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Giambi walked . Posada doubled to deep right , Giambi to third . Williams doubled to left , Giambi and Posada scored . Guiel lined out to center . Cairo grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera walked . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Williams out at third , Cabrera to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Loretta flied out to left . Youkilis flied out to right . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Abreu struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Giambi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Lowell lined out to first . Varitek singled to left . Kapler singled to center , Varitek to second . Pedroia walked , Varitek to third , Kapler to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Crisp hit ground rule double to left , Varitek and Kapler scored , Pedroia to third . Loretta fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Hansen pitching for Red Sox . Posada walked . Williams hit by pitch , Posada to second . Matsui hit for Cairo . Guiel grounded out to catcher , Posada to third , Williams to second . Matsui hit sacrifice fly to right , Posada scored . Cabrera singled to center , Williams scored . Cabrera stole second . Green at second base . Jeter flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Youkilis walked . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Pena singled to left , Youkilis to second . Lowell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pena out at second , Youkilis to third . Nixon hit for Kapler . Varitek struck out swinging . Nixon in right field . Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Nixon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Abreu flied out to left . Rodriguez walked . Thompson ran for Giambi . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Giambi doubled to deep left , Rodriguez scored , Giambi to third on throwing error by left fielder Pena . Posada singled to right , Thompson scored . Phillips at first base . Williams grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Posada out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 8th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Pedroia popped out to second . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Crisp doubled to deep left . Loretta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Phillips struck out looking . Green lined out to left . Cabrera singled to left . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Jeter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Youkilis flied out to left . Pena singled to left . Murphy ran for Pena . Lowell struck out swinging . Murphy to second on fielder 's indifference . Varitek popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 5 - Yankees 7 .	Yanks split with BoSox , near East title