Padres - Top 1st . Cain pitching for Giants . Gerut singled to center . Gerut to second on wild pitch by Cain . Eckstein sacrificed to third , Gerut to third . Giles singled to right , Gerut scored . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Headley flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Peavy pitching for Padres . Lewis singled to center . Burriss grounded out to third , Lewis to second . Winn struck out swinging . Molina fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Cain pitching for Giants . Kouzmanoff singled to left . Blanco struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Peavy popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Peavy pitching for Padres . Rowand fouled out to first . Sandoval grounded out to shortstop . Ishikawa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Cain pitching for Giants . Gerut flied out to center . Eckstein singled to left . Giles grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eckstein out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Peavy pitching for Padres . Renteria singled to left . Cain sacrificed into fielder 's choice to first , Renteria to second . Lewis walked , Renteria to third , Cain to second . Burriss grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Renteria scored , Lewis out at second , Cain to third . Winn flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Cain pitching for Giants . Gonzalez singled to right . Headley singled to left center , Gonzalez to second . Kouzmanoff doubled to deep right , Gonzalez scored , Headley thrown out at home , Kouzmanoff to third advancing on throw . Blanco struck out swinging . Rodriguez flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Molina singled to center . Rowand grounded out to second , Molina to second . Sandoval reached on infield single to third . Ishikawa walked , Molina to third , Sandoval to second . Renteria homered to left , Molina , Sandoval and Ishikawa scored . Cain struck out swinging . Lewis fouled out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Cain pitching for Giants . Peavy popped out to shortstop . Gerut flied out to right . Eckstein singled to right . Giles popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Burriss grounded out to shortstop . Winn walked . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Winn out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Cain pitching for Giants . Gonzalez singled to center . Headley struck out swinging , Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Cain . Kouzmanoff lined out to center . Blanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Rowand flied out to right . Sandoval flied out to left . Ishikawa doubled to deep right . Renteria singled to right , Ishikawa scored , Renteria thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Medders pitching for Giants . Torres in center field . Rodriguez singled to right . Gonzalez hit for Peavy . Gonzalez flied out to right . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Hairston hit for Gerut . Hairston singled to center , Rodriguez to second . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hairston out at second , Rodriguez to third . Giles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Hairston in center field . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Torres struck out swinging . Lewis grounded out to second . Burriss grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Headley singled to center . Howry pitching for Giants . Headley stole second . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . Blanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Winn struck out swinging . Molina singled to right . Schierholtz hit for Howry . Schierholtz doubled to deep left , Molina to third . Sandoval lined out to shortstop . Ishikawa singled to center , Molina and Schierholtz scored . De La Cruz pitching for Padres . Renteria grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Miller pitching for Giants . Rodriguez walked . Burke hit for De La Cruz . Burke fouled out to catcher . Hairston singled to left , Rodriguez to second . Eckstein flied out to left . Hinshaw pitching for Giants . Giles singled to right , Rodriguez scored , Hairston to third . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 3 - Giants 8 .	Renteria 's grand slam blasts Giants over Padres