Dodgers - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Furcal grounded out to pitcher . Hudson struck out swinging . Ramirez walked . Martin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Lewis flied out to center . Winn walked . Sandoval doubled to deep center , Winn thrown out at home , Sandoval to third advancing on throw . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Ethier safe at second on error by left fielder Lewis . Kemp flied out to right , Ethier to third . Loney singled to center , Ethier scored . Blake flied out to right . Billingsley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Rowand singled to right . Ishikawa singled to right , Rowand to second . Uribe grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ishikawa out at second , Rowand to third . Burriss struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Furcal bunt grounded out to third . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez walked . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Sanchez struck out looking . Lewis hit by pitch . Winn singled to right , Lewis to second . Lewis to third on wild pitch by Billingsley . Sandoval safe at second on error by shortstop Furcal , Lewis scored , Winn to third . Molina grounded out to third . Rowand intentionally walked . Ishikawa reached on infield single to second , Winn scored , Sandoval to third , Rowand to second . Uribe grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Ethier singled to center . Ethier to second on wild pitch by Sanchez . Kemp flied out to right . Loney safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Uribe , Ethier scored . Blake flied out to left . Loney to third on wild pitch by Sanchez . Billingsley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Burriss struck out swinging . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher . Lewis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Furcal struck out swinging . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez doubled to deep right . Martin walked . Ethier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Winn struck out swinging . Sandoval grounded out to first . Molina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Miller pitching for Giants . Kemp walked . Kemp caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Loney walked . Blake singled to left , Loney to second . Billingsley sacrificed to first , Loney to third , Blake to second . Furcal walked . Medders pitching for Giants . Hudson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Rowand grounded out to third . Ishikawa hit by pitch . Uribe doubled to deep center , Ishikawa to third . Burriss lined into double play , first to third , Ishikawa doubled off third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Medders pitching for Giants . Ramirez doubled to deep right . Martin popped out to second . Ethier intentionally walked . Kemp singled to center , Ramirez to third , Ethier to second . Loney walked , Ramirez scored , Ethier to third , Kemp to second . Blake grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Ethier out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Schierholtz hit for Medders . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Schierholtz reached on infield single to third . Lewis struck out swinging . Schierholtz caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Winn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Matos pitching for Giants . Billingsley struck out swinging . Furcal struck out swinging . Hudson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Sandoval singled to right center . Molina flied out to center . Rowand walked , Sandoval to second . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Ishikawa walked , Sandoval to third , Rowand to second . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sandoval out at home , Rowand to third , Ishikawa to second . Aurilia hit for Burriss . Aurilia walked , Rowand scored , Ishikawa to third , Uribe to second . Velez hit for Matos . Velez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Howry pitching for Giants . Velez at second base . Ramirez doubled to left . Martin struck out swinging . Ramirez to third on wild pitch by Howry . Ethier doubled to deep center , Ramirez scored . Kemp tripled to deep right center , Ethier scored . Loney intentionally walked . Blake struck out swinging . Loretta hit for Broxton . Loretta grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Ohman pitching for Dodgers . Lewis struck out swinging . Winn flied out to center . Sandoval lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 5 - Giants 3 .	Ethier helps Dodgers rally past Giants in ninth