Mets - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Giants . Castillo singled to center . Castillo stole second . Cora singled to right , Castillo to third . Cora stole second . Beltran doubled to deep left center , Castillo and Cora scored . Sheffield singled to right , Beltran to third . Wright grounded out to first , Beltran scored , Sheffield to second . Tatis struck out swinging . Castro struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Mets . Burriss singled to left . Lewis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Burriss out at second . Sandoval grounded out to pitcher , Lewis to second . Molina flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Giants . Church grounded out to shortstop . Santana struck out swinging . Castillo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Mets . Winn struck out swinging . Uribe struck out swinging . Rowand singled to center . Ishikawa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Giants . Cora grounded out to shortstop . Beltran grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield singled to right . Wright reached on infield single to shortstop , Sheffield to second . Tatis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wright out at second , Sheffield to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Mets . Ra Johnson struck out swinging . Burriss grounded out to pitcher . Lewis safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Castillo . Sandoval doubled to left , Lewis scored , Sandoval tagged out at third attempting to advance on throw . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Giants . Castro lined out to third . Church popped out to shortstop . Santana singled to center . Castillo lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Mets . Molina singled to center . Winn safe at second on error by third baseman Wright , Molina to third . Uribe struck out swinging . Rowand singled to left , Molina and Winn scored . Ishikawa flied out to center . Ra Johnson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Giants . Cora doubled to right . Cora to third on balk by Ra Johnson . Beltran doubled to shallow left , Cora scored . Sheffield singled to shallow left , Beltran to third . Wright doubled to left center , Beltran and Sheffield scored . Miller pitching for Giants . Tatis flied out to center , Wright to third . Castro singled to right , Wright scored . Church singled to right , Castro to second . Santana sacrificed to catcher , Castro to third , Church to second . Castillo walked . Cora flied out to center . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Mets . Burriss flied out to right . Lewis grounded out to shortstop . Sandoval doubled to right . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Valdez pitching for Giants . Beltran grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield grounded out to second . Wright flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Santana pitching for Mets . Winn struck out swinging . Uribe flied out to center . Rowand homered to left . Ishikawa singled to center . Aurilia hit for Valdez . Aurilia doubled to left center , Ishikawa scored . Burriss grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Misch pitching for Giants . Tatis grounded out to shortstop . Castro flied out to right . Church grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Santana pitching for Mets . Lewis doubled to left center . Sandoval fouled out to third . Molina popped out to first . Winn singled to right , Lewis scored . Winn picked off and caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Pagan hit for Santana . Misch pitching for Giants . Pagan grounded out to shortstop . Castillo flied out to right . Cora grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Uribe singled to left . Rowand struck out looking . Ishikawa struck out swinging . Uribe caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Misch pitching for Giants . Beltran reached on infield single to third . Sheffield walked , Beltran to second . Schierholtz in right field . Winn in center field . Medders pitching for Giants . Wright singled to shallow center , Beltran to third , Sheffield to second . Tatis hit sacrifice fly to right , Beltran scored , Sheffield to third . Castro singled to right center , Sheffield scored , Wright to second . Church grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Castro out at second , Wright to third . Murphy hit for Parnell . Murphy grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Mets . Reed in left field . Schierholtz grounded out to shortstop . Burriss grounded out to first . Lewis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 9 - Giants 6 .	Johan off but Mets still win