Reds - Top 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Taveras struck out swinging . Gonzalez fouled out to first . Votto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Bailey pitching for Reds . Velez struck out swinging . Sanchez lined out to second . Sandoval walked . Molina homered to left , Sandoval scored . Winn struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Phillips struck out looking . Rolen flied out to right . Balentien walked . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Bailey pitching for Reds . Garko flied out to center . Rowand grounded out to third . Renteria singled to right . Lincecum grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Hanigan grounded out to shortstop . Bailey grounded out to first . Taveras bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Bailey pitching for Reds . Velez grounded out to first . Sanchez grounded out to second . Sandoval lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Gonzalez singled to left . Votto struck out swinging . Phillips singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Rolen flied out to center . Balentien singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Phillips to third , Balentien to second on error by center fielder Rowand . Gomes struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 4th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Molina flied out to center . Winn lined out to first . Garko singled to left . Rowand grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garko out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Hanigan grounded out to shortstop . Bailey struck out swinging . Taveras safe at first on error by shortstop Renteria , Taveras to second on throwing error by shortstop Renteria . Gonzalez singled to left , Taveras scored . Votto grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Renteria flied out to right . Lincecum singled to left . Velez homered to right , Lincecum scored . Sanchez singled to right . Sandoval grounded out to third , Sanchez to second . Molina flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Phillips flied out to left . Rolen doubled to left . Balentien singled to left , Rolen to third . Gomes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rolen scored , Balentien out at second . Hanigan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Winn grounded out to first . Garko grounded out to shortstop . Rowand singled to center . Renteria flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Bailey grounded out to second . Taveras grounded out to second . Gonzalez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Lewis hit for Lincecum . Bailey pitching for Reds . Lewis doubled to left center . Velez singled to right , Lewis to third . Masset pitching for Reds . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lewis out at home , Velez to second . Sandoval singled to center , Velez scored , Sanchez to second . Molina popped out to shortstop . Winn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Votto walked . Romo pitching for Giants . Phillips doubled to deep center , Votto to third . Rolen struck out swinging . Balentien walked . Nix hit for Gomes . Wilson pitching for Giants . Nix singled to left , Votto and Phillips scored , Balentien to second . Hanigan grounded into double play , second to first , Nix out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Nix in left field . Weathers pitching for Reds . Garko flied out to center . Rowand popped out to second . Renteria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Sutton hit for Weathers . Wilson pitching for Giants . Sutton reached on bunt single to third . Taveras sacrificed to pitcher , Sutton to second . Gonzalez walked . Votto walked , Sutton to third , Gonzalez to second . Phillips walked , Sutton scored , Gonzalez to third , Votto to second . Medders pitching for Giants . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez scored on error by catcher Molina , Votto to third , Phillips to second . Balentien grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Votto scored on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval , Phillips to third , Rolen to second . Phillips scored , Rolen to third , Balentien to second on wild pitch by Medders . Nix hit sacrifice fly to center , Rolen scored . Hanigan grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Cordero pitching for Reds . Aurilia hit for Medders . Aurilia reached on infield single to shortstop . Velez popped out to third . Sanchez walked , Aurilia to second . Sandoval singled to right , Aurilia to third , Sanchez to second . Molina flied out to center . Winn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 10 - Giants 5 .	Giants ' bullpen blows up as Reds rally for win