Giants - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Velez singled to left . Sanchez singled to center , Velez to second . Sandoval fouled out to third . Molina grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to second to first , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Martinez pitching for Giants . Sullivan singled to right . Castillo lined out to shortstop . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sullivan safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval . Murphy singled to center , Sullivan thrown out at home , Sheffield to second . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Garko grounded out to shortstop . Winn grounded out to second . Rowand singled to right center . Renteria singled to center , Rowand to second . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Martinez pitching for Giants . Tatis grounded out to second . Schneider grounded out to second . Hernandez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Velez lined out to right . Sanchez reached on infield single to second . Sandoval doubled to deep center , Sanchez scored . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Sandoval out at third . Garko grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Martinez pitching for Giants . Hernandez flied out to right . Sullivan reached on infield single to first . Castillo walked , Sullivan to second . Sheffield singled to left , Sullivan scored , Castillo to second . Murphy fouled out to third . Francoeur flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Winn flied out to center . Rowand homered to left . Renteria lined out to center . Martinez flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Martinez pitching for Giants . Tatis struck out swinging . Schneider safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval . Hernandez singled to right , Schneider to second . Hernandez sacrificed to third , Schneider to third , Hernandez to second . Sullivan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Velez tripled to deep right center . Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to right , Velez scored . Sandoval flied out to center . Molina grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Martinez pitching for Giants . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield walked . Murphy flied into double play , center to second to first , Sheffield doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Garko singled to right . Winn doubled to deep left , Garko to third . Rowand grounded out to third . Renteria intentionally walked . Schierholtz hit for Martinez . Schierholtz doubled to deep right , Garko and Winn scored , Renteria to third . Dessens pitching for Mets . Velez grounded out to shortstop , Renteria scored . Sanchez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Medders pitching for Giants . Francoeur singled to center . Tatis lined into double play , third to first , Francoeur doubled off first . Schneider struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Dessens pitching for Mets . Sandoval struck out swinging . Molina flied out to center . Garko fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Ishikawa at first base . Medders pitching for Giants . Hernandez flied out to left . Reed hit for Dessens . Reed singled to center . Sullivan walked , Reed to second . Howry pitching for Giants . Castillo flied out to left . Sheffield struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Redding pitching for Mets . Winn singled to right . Rowand singled to right , Winn to second . Renteria singled to left center , Winn scored , Rowand to second . Lewis hit for Howry . Lewis singled to center , Rowand scored , Renteria to third . Velez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Renteria scored , Lewis out at second . Sanchez flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Giants . Murphy doubled to deep center . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Tatis lined out to shortstop . Schneider grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Figueroa pitching for Mets . Sandoval struck out swinging . Molina singled to center . Whiteside ran for Molina . Ishikawa grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Whiteside out at second . Winn singled to center , Ishikawa to second . Rowand singled to right , Ishikawa scored , Winn to second . Renteria fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Whiteside catching . Valdez pitching for Giants . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Green hit for Figueroa . Green walked . Sullivan grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Green out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 10 - Mets 1 .	Rowand helps Giants salvage split vs. Mets