Giants - Top 1st . Ramos pitching for Padres . Velez singled to center . Torres reached on bunt single to pitcher , Velez to second . Sandoval singled to left , Velez to third , Torres to second . Uribe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Velez scored , Sandoval out at second , Torres to third . Garko grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Cabrera walked . Eckstein struck out swinging . Cabrera caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Ramos pitching for Padres . Rowand struck out swinging . Rohlinger grounded out to third . Whiteside flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Headley walked . Kouzmanoff singled to left , Headley to second . Salazar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kouzmanoff out at second , Headley to third . Hundley struck out swinging . Durango grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Salazar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Ramos pitching for Padres . Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop . Velez singled to right , Sanchez to second . Torres reached on bunt single to catcher , Sanchez to third , Velez to second . Sandoval grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sanchez scored , Torres out at second , Velez to third . Uribe doubled to left , Velez scored . Garko singled to center , Uribe thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Ramos grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Eckstein flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Ramos pitching for Padres . Rowand singled to right . Rohlinger struck out looking . Whiteside grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rowand out at second . Sanchez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Headley grounded out to third . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Ramos pitching for Padres . Velez grounded out to shortstop . Torres walked . Russell pitching for Padres . Sandoval flied out to center . Torres stole second . Uribe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Salazar flied out to right . Hundley lined out to left . Durango popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Ishikawa hit for Garko . Russell pitching for Padres . Ishikawa struck out swinging . Rowand walked . Rohlinger struck out looking . Whiteside struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Ishikawa at first base . Gonzalez hit for Russell . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop . Eckstein homered to left , Cabrera scored . Gonzalez walked . Headley walked , Gonzalez to second . Torres in center field . Medders pitching for Giants . Winn in right field . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Salazar flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Winn struck out swinging . Velez struck out swinging , Velez safe at first on passed ball by Hundley . Velez stole second . Torres struck out swinging . Sandoval intentionally walked . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Ra Johnson pitching for Giants . Hundley struck out swinging , Hundley safe at first on passed ball by Whiteside . Durango reached on bunt single to catcher , Hundley to second . Rodriguez hit for Gregerson . Rodriguez sacrificed to pitcher , Hundley to third , Durango to second . Cabrera hit by pitch . Eckstein fouled out to third , Hundley scored , Durango to third , Cabrera to second . Gonzalez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Gwynn in center field . Adams pitching for Padres . Ishikawa struck out swinging . Bowker hit for Ra Johnson . Bowker grounded out to shortstop . Rohlinger struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Headley grounded out to second . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . Salazar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Bell pitching for Padres . Macias in right field . Whiteside singled to center . Winn flied into double play , left to first , Whiteside doubled off first . Velez singled to center . Velez stole second . Torres struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Hundley flied out to right . Gwynn singled to center . Macias grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gwynn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 10th . Webb pitching for Padres . Sandoval homered to center . Uribe flied out to center . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Ishikawa struck out swinging . Aurilia hit for Affeldt . Aurilia flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 10th . Wilson pitching for Giants . Cabrera safe at second on error by left fielder Velez . Eckstein bunt grounded out to third . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Headley struck out looking . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Giants 4 - Padres 3 .	Big Unit logs possible final outing in Giants ' win