Giants - Top 1st. Wright pitching for Rockies. Durham struck out swinging. Vizquel walked. Snow singled to right, Vizquel to second. Feliz grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Snow out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Lowry pitching for Giants. Miles grounded out to third. Barmes homered to left center. Helton struck out looking. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Wright pitching for Rockies. Alfonzo flied out to left. Tucker walked. Grissom grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tucker out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Lowry pitching for Giants. Holliday reached on infield single to third. Holliday caught stealing second, catcher to second. Restovich struck out swinging. Baker walked. Closser flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Wright pitching for Rockies. Matheny grounded out to second. Lowry singled to left. Durham reached on infield single to second, Lowry to second. Vizquel walked, Lowry to third, Durham to second. Snow singled to right, Lowry and Durham scored, Vizquel to third. Feliz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vizquel scored, Snow out at second. Alfonzo flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Lowry pitching for Giants. Wright grounded out to second. Miles struck out looking. Barmes singled to left. Helton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Wright pitching for Rockies. Tucker popped out to shortstop. Grissom hit ground rule double to deep left. Matheny doubled to deep left, Grissom scored. Lowry reached on infield single to second, Matheny to third. Durham hit sacrifice fly to center, Matheny scored. Vizquel walked, Lowry to second. Snow singled to right, Lowry to third, Vizquel to second. Feliz homered to left, Lowry, Vizquel and Snow scored. Alfonzo grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Wilson homered to center. Holliday struck out swinging. Restovich doubled to deep right. Baker flied out to center, Restovich to third. Hawpe hit for Wright. Closser singled to left, Restovich scored. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Hawpe struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Tucker singled to right. Grissom homered to left, Tucker scored. Matheny singled to left. Lowry struck out swinging. Durham grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Matheny out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Miles fouled out to first. Barmes homered to left. Helton doubled to deep left. Wilson grounded out to third, Helton to third. Holliday grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Vizquel grounded out to second. Snow flied out to center. Feliz reached on infield single to shortstop. Alfonzo doubled to deep center, Feliz scored, Alfonzo to third on error by center fielder Wilson. Tucker reached on infield single to shortstop, Alfonzo scored. Grissom singled to center, Tucker to second. Matheny struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Restovich grounded out to third. Baker walked. Gonzalez hit for Dohmann. Closser popped out to second. Walker pitching for Giants. Gonzalez singled to left, Baker to second. Miles reached on infield single to shortstop, Baker to third, Gonzalez to second. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Barmes singled to center, Baker and Gonzalez scored, Miles to second. Carvajal pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez at second base. Niekro hit for Christiansen. Helton grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Carvajal pitching for Rockies. Niekro grounded out to catcher. Durham walked. Vizquel singled to right center, Durham to third. Brower pitching for Giants. Snow grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Vizquel out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Brower pitching for Giants. Wilson struck out looking. Holliday walked. Restovich reached on infield single to third, Holliday to second. Baker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Restovich out at second, Holliday to third. Closser grounded into fielder's choice to second, Baker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Carvajal pitching for Rockies. Feliz flied out to right. Alfonzo walked. Tucker grounded out to second, Alfonzo to second. Eyre pitching for Giants. Ellison in left field. Grissom grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Relaford hit for Carvajal. Eyre pitching for Giants. Gonzalez walked. Relaford grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. Barmes struck out swinging. Helton singled to center, Relaford to second. Relaford in center field. Kim pitching for Rockies. Colorado's Wilson ejected by Onora in the 9th. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Matheny struck out looking. Ellison grounded out to second. Durham hit by pitch. Herges pitching for Giants. Vizquel flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Herges pitching for Giants. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Restovich singled to left. Baker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Restovich out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 13 - Rockies 6.	Feliz's slam helps Giants hand Rockies 8th straight loss