Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Wright pitching for Rockies. Counsell doubled to right. Tracy singled to right, Counsell to third. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Tracy to second. Glaus grounded out to shortstop, Counsell scored. Green doubled to deep right, Tracy scored. Cruz intentionally walked. Clayton walked, Green to third, Cruz to second. Snyder singled to right center, Green and Cruz scored, Clayton to third. Webb struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Barmes flied out to right. Miles reached on infield single to shortstop. Miles stole second. Helton walked. Wilson grounded out to shortstop, Miles to third, Helton to second. Hawpe grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Wright pitching for Rockies. Counsell grounded out to second. Tracy grounded out to first. Gonzalez singled to right. Glaus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday grounded out to third. Atkins struck out swinging. Closser struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Wright pitching for Rockies. Green singled to center. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Green safe at second on error by first baseman Helton. Green to third, Cruz to second on balk by Wright. Clayton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Green out at home. Snyder singled to left center, Cruz scored, Clayton to third. Webb grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Clayton scored on throwing error by catcher Closser, Snyder safe at second on throwing error by catcher Closser, Snyder to third, Webb to. Counsell hit by pitch. Tracy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Snyder scored, Counsell out at second, Webb to third. Gonzalez walked, Tracy to second. Glaus struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 3 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Wright grounded out to pitcher. Barmes grounded out to second. Miles grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Wright pitching for Rockies. Green grounded out to first. Cruz lined out to first. Clayton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton singled to center. Helton to second on wild pitch by Webb. Wilson doubled to deep center, Helton scored. Hawpe struck out swinging. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop, Wilson to third. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wilson out at home, Holliday to second. Closser grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Wright pitching for Rockies. Snyder walked. Cintron hit for Counsell. Webb struck out bunting foul. Cintron singled to right, Snyder to second. Tracy flied out to left. Cintron at second base. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Wright struck out swinging. Barmes singled to left. Miles singled to right, Barmes to third. Barmes scored, Miles to second on wild pitch by Webb. Helton singled to left, Miles scored. Wilson grounded out to shortstop, Helton to second. Hawpe grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Wright pitching for Rockies. Glaus grounded out to third. Green grounded out to first. Cruz walked. Clayton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday grounded out to second. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. Neal pitching for Rockies. Closser struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Neal pitching for Rockies. Snyder walked. Webb struck out bunting foul. Cintron grounded into fielder's choice to first, Snyder out at second. Tracy doubled to deep right, Cintron scored. Sullivan hit for Neal. Gonzalez singled to right, Tracy scored, Gonzalez out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Sullivan struck out swinging. Barmes flied out to right. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Miles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Glaus walked. Green singled to deep right, Glaus to third, Green out stretching at second. Cruz singled to center, Glaus scored. Cruz to second on wild pitch by Cortes. Clayton struck out swinging. Snyder flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton homered to left. Wilson struck out swinging. Hawpe tripled to deep center. Holliday fouled out to first. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Terrero hit for Webb. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Terrero struck out swinging. Cintron grounded out to second. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Terrero in center field. Tracy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Relaford hit for Fuentes. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Closser struck out looking. Relaford walked. Barmes flied out to right. Relaford to second on fielder's indifference. Miles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 10 - Rockies 4.	D-backs spin their Webb, dominate Rockies in win