Rockies - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Sullivan lined out to third. Atkins singled to left center. Helton flied out to left. Wilson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Sizemore singled to right. Crisp grounded out to pitcher, Sizemore to second. Belliard flied out to center. Hafner doubled to deep left center, Sizemore scored. Martinez hit by pitch. Hernandez singled to center, Hafner scored, Martinez to third. Blake fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Hawpe singled to center. Hawpe caught stealing second, catcher to second. Shealy walked. Relaford struck out looking. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Shealy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Boone grounded out to third. Peralta doubled to deep left. Sizemore doubled to center, Peralta to third. Crisp grounded out to shortstop, Peralta scored, Sizemore to third. Belliard flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Closser doubled to right. Sullivan fouled out to third. Atkins singled to center, Closser scored. Helton struck out swinging. Wilson singled to right, Atkins to third. Hawpe singled to right, Atkins scored, Wilson to second. Shealy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Hafner struck out looking. Martinez hit by pitch. Hernandez doubled to deep left, Martinez to third. Blake struck out swinging. Boone walked. Peralta singled to left, Martinez and Hernandez scored, Boone to second. Sizemore popped out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Relaford struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to center. Closser doubled to deep left center. Sullivan lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Crisp lined out to second. Belliard flied out to center. Hafner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Atkins grounded out to third. Helton singled to shallow right center. Wilson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Martinez lined out to left. Hernandez struck out swinging. Blake struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Hawpe walked. Shealy grounded out to, Hawpe out at second, Shealy to first. Relaford flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Boone walked. Peralta flied out to center, Boone to second. Sizemore fouled out to third. Carvajal pitching for Rockies. Crisp doubled to deep center, Boone scored. Belliard singled to right, Crisp scored. Hafner walked, Belliard to second. Martinez grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Gonzalez flied out to left. Closser popped out to second. Sullivan grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Carvajal pitching for Rockies. Hernandez singled to center. Blake singled to center, Hernandez to second. Boone reached on infield single to third, Hernandez scored, Blake to second, Blake to third on throwing error by third baseman Atkins. Seay pitching for Rockies. Peralta hit sacrifice fly to left, Blake scored. Sizemore singled to center, Boone thrown out at third, Sizemore to second advancing on throw. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Crisp struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 8th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Atkins struck out swinging. Helton singled to right. Wilson struck out looking. Helton to second on fielder's indifference. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Hawpe lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Belliard safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Relaford. Hafner homered to right, Belliard scored. Martinez singled to right center. Hernandez struck out swinging. Blake flied out to right. Boone hit by pitch, Martinez to second. Riske pitching for Indians. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 9th. Riske pitching for Indians. Shealy grounded out to shortstop. Relaford popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 2 - Indians 11.	Westbrook, Tribe trounce Rockies for fourth straight win