Royals - Top 1st. Kim pitching for Rockies. Berroa singled to right. DeJesus singled to left, Berroa to second. Long flied out to left. Brown struck out swinging, Berroa scored, DeJesus to third on passed ball. Stairs walked. Teahen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Stairs out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Garabito lined out to center. Atkins grounded out to third. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Buck flied out to right. Gotay walked. Carrasco sacrificed to pitcher, Gotay to second. Berroa reached on infield single to third, Gotay to third. DeJesus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Wilson struck out swinging. Hawpe singled to left center. Mohr homered to left, Hawpe scored. Relaford walked. Relaford caught stealing second, catcher to second. Ardoin doubled to deep right, Ardoin to third on error by right fielder Brown. Kim flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 3rd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Long popped out to shortstop. Brown singled to right. Stairs hit by pitch, Brown to second. Teahen singled to center, Brown scored, Stairs to second. Buck grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Teahen out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Garabito walked. Atkins singled to right, Garabito to third. Helton walked, Atkins to second. Wilson singled to center, Garabito scored, Atkins to third, Helton to second. Hawpe singled to left, Atkins and Helton scored, Wilson to second. Mohr grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hawpe out at second, Wilson to third. Relaford grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Gotay flied out to right. Carrasco struck out swinging. Berroa grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Ardoin safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Teahen. Kim sacrificed to first, Ardoin to second. Garabito walked. Atkins reached on infield single to shortstop, Ardoin to third, Garabito to second. Jensen pitching for Royals. Helton intentionally walked. Wilson singled to left, Garabito and Atkins scored, Helton to second. Hawpe flied out to center, Helton to third, Wilson to second. Mohr walked. Relaford struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 5th. Kim pitching for Rockies. DeJesus singled to right. Long flied out to left. Brown struck out swinging. Stairs flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Jensen pitching for Royals. Ardoin struck out swinging. Kim grounded out to shortstop. Garabito grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Teahen flied out to right. Buck flied out to center. Huber hit for Jensen. Gotay hit by pitch. Carvajal pitching for Rockies. Huber doubled to deep right, Gotay scored. Gobble pitching for Royals. Berroa grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Atkins struck out looking. Helton struck out looking. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Carvajal pitching for Rockies. DeJesus struck out swinging. Long reached on infield single to second. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to third, Long out at second. Brown stole second. Stairs singled to right, Brown scored. Teahen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Hawpe singled to center. Mohr struck out swinging. Relaford doubled to deep center, Hawpe scored. Shealy hit for Carvajal. Nunez pitching for Royals. McEwing at third base. Ardoin intentionally walked. Shealy walked, Relaford to third, Ardoin to second. Relaford scored, Ardoin to third, Shealy to second on wild pitch by Nunez. Garabito singled to left, Ardoin scored. Atkins singled to center, Shealy to third, Garabito to second. Helton singled to left, Shealy scored, Garabito to third, Atkins to second. Wilson struck out swinging. Miceli pitching for Rockies. Shealy at first base. Hawpe grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Miceli pitching for Rockies. Buck lined out to left. Gotay struck out swinging. McEwing flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals. Mohr grounded out to shortstop. Relaford flied out to center. Seay pitching for Rockies. Ardoin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Seay pitching for Rockies. Berroa struck out swinging. Graffanino hit for Long. DeJesus struck out swinging. Graffanino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - Rockies 12.	Rockies halt five-game skid with rout of Royals