Nationals - Top 1st. Acevedo pitching for Rockies. Wilkerson popped out to shortstop. Vidro grounded out to first. Johnson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Patterson pitching for Nationals. Bigbie grounded out to second. Miles grounded out to first. Helton hit by pitch. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Acevedo pitching for Rockies. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Wilson struck out swinging. Castilla flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Patterson pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez fouled out to right. Mohr grounded out to third. Closser doubled to deep right. Quintanilla popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Acevedo pitching for Rockies. Bennett grounded out to shortstop. Guzman grounded out to first. Patterson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Patterson pitching for Nationals. Acevedo singled to right. Bigbie singled to center, Acevedo to second. Miles grounded out to first, Acevedo to third, Bigbie to second. Helton intentionally walked. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Acevedo pitching for Rockies. Wilkerson singled to right. Vidro singled to left, Wilkerson to third. Johnson hit sacrifice fly to third, Wilkerson scored, Vidro to second. Guillen grounded out to second, Vidro to third. Wilson singled to center, Vidro scored. Wilson to second on passed ball by Closser. Castilla struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Patterson pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez singled to center. Mohr struck out swinging. Closser singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Quintanilla lined out to center. Acevedo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Acevedo pitching for Rockies. Bennett grounded out to second. Guzman reached on infield single to first. Patterson sacrificed to catcher, Guzman to second. Wilkerson intentionally walked. Vidro singled to right center, Guzman scored, Wilkerson to third. Johnson homered to right, Wilkerson and Vidro scored. Guillen homered to right. Wilson hit by pitch. Wilson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Castilla batting. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Patterson pitching for Nationals. Bigbie struck out looking. Miles singled to right. Helton flied out to left. Kim pitching for Rockies. Holliday flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Castilla flied out to right. Bennett walked. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bennett out at second. Patterson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Patterson pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop. Mohr struck out looking. Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Patterson. Closser walked. Williams pitching for Rockies. Quintanilla grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Closser out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Williams pitching for Rockies. Wilkerson grounded out to shortstop. Carroll ran for Vidro. Vidro singled to left. Johnson struck out swinging. Guillen doubled to deep left, Carroll scored. Wilson singled to right, Guillen scored. Carroll at second base. Church in right field. Baerga at third base. Sullivan hit for Williams. Castilla grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Patterson pitching for Nationals. Sullivan lined out to center. Bigbie grounded out to second. DeJean pitching for Rockies. Miles fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. DeJean pitching for Rockies. Bennett lined out to third. Guzman grounded out to second. Wilkerson at first base. Watson in left field. Patterson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Patterson pitching for Nationals. Helton doubled to right. Holliday singled to left, Helton to third. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to right, Helton scored. Mohr fouled out to right. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Closser flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Carroll flied out to left. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Watson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Piedra hit for Fuentes. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Quintanilla grounded out to second. Piedra doubled to deep right. Bigbie grounded out to second, Piedra to third. Miles reached on infield single to second, Piedra scored. Miles to second on fielder's indifference. Helton grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 9 - Rockies 2.	Patterson shuts down Rockies as Nationals sweep