Rockies - Top 1st. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Sullivan struck out swinging. Helton doubled to right center. Holliday singled to right, Helton scored, Holliday to second advancing on throw. Holliday stole third. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Counsell grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez walked. Tracy reached on infield single to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Clark lined out to left. Green grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Greene flied out to left. Mohr lined out to shortstop. Miles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Cintron singled to right. Clayton singled to center, Cintron to second. Stinnett lined into double play, first to shortstop, Cintron doubled off second. Vargas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Cook fouled out to right. Barmes walked. Sullivan struck out swinging. Helton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Counsell walked. Counsell stole second. Gonzalez flied out to left. Counsell to third on wild pitch by Cook. Tracy reached on infield single to third, Counsell scored. Clark grounded out to second, Tracy to second. Green intentionally walked. Cintron grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Green out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday doubled to left. Atkins doubled to left, Holliday scored. Greene singled to left, Atkins to third. Mohr hit sacrifice fly to right, Atkins scored. Miles hit by pitch, Greene to second. Cook bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Greene out at third, Miles to second. Barmes flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Clayton singled to right. Stinnett grounded into fielder's choice to third, Clayton out at second. Vargas sacrificed to catcher, Stinnett to second. Counsell flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Sullivan singled to center. Helton singled to center, Sullivan to second. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Helton out at second, Sullivan to third. Atkins homered to left, Sullivan scored. Greene struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez safe at first on error by pitcher Cook. Tracy doubled to deep right center, Gonzalez to third. Clark homered to right, Gonzalez and Tracy scored. Green grounded out to pitcher. Cintron grounded out to second. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 6th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Mohr struck out swinging. Miles flied out to right. Cook grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. McCracken hit for Vargas. Cook pitching for Rockies. Stinnett grounded out to shortstop. McCracken singled to right. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Counsell grounded into double play, shortstop to first, McCracken out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Barmes popped out to shortstop. Sullivan grounded out to shortstop. Williams pitching for Rockies. Ardoin catching. Helton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Williams pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez flied out to left. Tracy homered to right. Clark homered to left center. Green grounded out to first. Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron popped out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday grounded out to third. Piedra hit for Williams. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. Freeman ran for Piedra. Hawpe hit for Mohr. Piedra hit ground rule double to deep left. DeJean pitching for Rockies. Hawpe in right field. Hawpe lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. DeJean pitching for Rockies. Clayton singled to right center. Green hit for Worrell. Stinnett sacrificed to catcher, Clayton to second, Stinnett safe at first on throwing error by pitcher DeJean. Green bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Clayton out at third, Stinnett to second. Counsell fouled out to first. Terrero in center field. Green in right field. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 9th. Shealy hit for Ardoin. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles grounded out to first. Shealy struck out swinging. Barmes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 5 - Diamondbacks 6.	Clark homers from both sides to power D-Backs