Giants - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Winn grounded out to shortstop. Vizquel popped out to second. Feliz popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Kinney pitching for Giants. Barmes singled to right. Sullivan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barmes out at second. Sullivan to second on wild pitch by Kinney. Helton singled to right, Sullivan scored. Holliday flied out to right. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Bonds popped out to third. Alou popped out to shortstop. Durham flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Kinney pitching for Giants. Hawpe walked. Gonzalez flied out to center. Ardoin homered to left, Hawpe scored. Francis grounded out to pitcher. Barmes grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Niekro flied out to right. Matheny fouled out to left. Kinney singled to center. Winn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Kinney pitching for Giants. Sullivan doubled to deep right. Helton singled to right, Sullivan scored. Holliday homered to left, Helton scored. Atkins popped out to second. Hawpe reached on infield single to second. Cooper pitching for Giants. Gonzalez singled to center, Hawpe to second. Ardoin walked, Hawpe to third, Gonzalez to second. Francis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ardoin out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Vizquel singled to center. Feliz tripled to deep right, Vizquel scored. Bonds singled to right center, Feliz scored. Alou singled to left, Bonds to second. Durham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Alou out at second, Bonds to third. Niekro walked, Durham to second. Linden hit for Cooper. Matheny struck out swinging. Fassero pitching for Giants. Linden flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Fassero pitching for Giants. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Sullivan struck out swinging. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Winn struck out swinging. Vizquel grounded out to shortstop. Feliz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Fassero pitching for Giants. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Atkins struck out swinging. Hawpe grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Bonds singled to right. Alou fouled out to first. Durham grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bonds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Fassero pitching for Giants. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Greene hit for Francis. Ardoin bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gonzalez out at third. Greene singled to center, Ardoin to second. Barmes lined out to second. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Sullivan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Niekro struck out looking. Clark hit for Fassero. Matheny struck out swinging. Accardo pitching for Giants. Clark grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Accardo pitching for Giants. Helton singled to center. Holliday safe at first on error by shortstop Vizquel, Helton to second. Atkins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Holliday out at second, Helton to third. Hawpe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 8th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Winn singled to right. Vizquel walked, Winn to second. DeJean pitching for Rockies. Feliz struck out swinging. Bonds walked, Winn to third, Vizquel to second. Alou doubled to deep left, Winn and Vizquel scored, Bonds to third. Snow hit for Niekro. Durham singled to right, Bonds and Alou scored. Durham to second on wild pitch by DeJean. Snow singled to right, Durham scored. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Ramirez ran for Snow. Feliz at first base. Hawkins pitching for Giants. Alfonzo at third base. Matheny flied into double play, center to first, Ramirez doubled off first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Hawkins pitching for Giants. Gonzalez flied out to right. Shealy hit for Cortes. Ardoin grounded out to third. Freeman ran for Shealy. Shealy singled to left. Speier pitching for Rockies. Barmes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freeman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop. Winn singled to center. Winn caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Vizquel walked. Ellison in left field. Eyre pitching for Giants. Mohr hit for Sullivan. Feliz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vizquel out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Eyre pitching for Giants. Mohr struck out looking. Helton singled to left. Walker pitching for Giants. Quintanilla ran for Helton. Holliday popped out to second. Atkins singled to left, Quintanilla to second. Hawpe popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 7 - Rockies 6.	Giants' eighth-inning rally overcomes Rockies