Marlins - Top 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Coghlan struck out swinging. Infante grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez walked. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Victorino grounded out to shortstop. Polanco homered to right center (389 feet). Rollins walked. Rollins stole second, Rollins safe at third on throwing error by catcher Buck. Howard walked. Francisco popped out to shortstop. Ibanez singled to center, Rollins scored, Howard to second. Ruiz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Sanchez struck out swinging. Morrison singled to right. Buck struck out looking. Helms grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Valdez walked. Hamels grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Valdez out at second. Victorino grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Sanchez struck out looking. Coghlan struck out swinging. Infante bunt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Rollins grounded out to first. Howard singled to shallow left. Francisco singled to shallow left, Howard to second. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Ramirez doubled to left. Stanton flied out to left. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Morrison walked. Ramirez to third on wild pitch by Hamels. Morrison stole second. Buck grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Valdez struck out looking. Hamels struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Helms safe at first on error by left fielder Ibanez. Sanchez bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Helms out at second. Coghlan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Victorino singled to left. Victorino picked off first. Polanco singled to right. Rollins struck out swinging. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Infante doubled to left. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop, Infante to third. Stanton singled to shallow left, Infante scored. Sanchez singled to right, Stanton to third. Morrison hit sacrifice fly to right, Stanton scored. Buck grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Francisco walked. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Francisco out at second. Ruiz struck out swinging. Valdez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Helms struck out swinging. Bonifacio hit for Sanchez. Bonifacio reached on bunt single to first. Bonifacio stole second. Coghlan reached on infield single to second, Bonifacio to third. Infante grounded into double play, third to second to first, Coghlan out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Webb pitching for Marlins. Gload hit for Hamels. Gload grounded out to shortstop. Victorino grounded out to shortstop. Polanco singled to center. Rollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Ramirez flied out to left. Stanton struck out looking. Sanchez singled to left. Morrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Webb pitching for Marlins. Howard safe at first on error by left fielder Morrison. Francisco singled to shallow left, Howard to second. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Francisco out at second, Howard to third. Ruiz hit sacrifice fly to center, Howard scored. Valdez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ibanez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Buck walked. Cousins ran for Buck. Helms sacrificed to catcher, Cousins to second. Dobbs grounded out to shortstop, Cousins to third. Coghlan walked. Coghlan stole second. Infante grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 2 - Phillies 3.	Phils capitalize on Marlins miscue for victory \n