Marlins - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Bonifacio grounded out to second. Infante grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Weeks lined out to right. Pennington singled to center. Crisp grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Pennington out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Ramirez doubled to right. Morrison doubled to deep right, Ramirez to third, Ramirez scored on throwing error by right fielder DeJesus. Stanton walked. Buck struck out swinging. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stanton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Matsui grounded out to second. Carter singled to right center. Jackson flied out to center. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Wise flied out to center. Bonifacio walked. Infante singled to left, Bonifacio to third. Sanchez walked, Infante to second, Bonifacio out at home in rundown. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Suzuki singled to center. Rosales grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. Weeks doubled to left. Pennington grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Morrison grounded out to second. Stanton struck out looking. Buck singled to left. Lopez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rosales, Buck to second. Wise struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Crisp grounded out to second. Matsui grounded out to second. Carter lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Bonifacio reached on bunt single to catcher. Bonifacio stole second. Infante sacrificed to pitcher, Bonifacio to third. Sanchez lined out to second. Ramirez reached on infield single to third, Bonifacio scored. Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Cahill. Morrison singled to center, Ramirez scored. Stanton singled to center, Morrison to second. Buck doubled to deep center, Morrison and Stanton scored. Magnuson pitching for Athletics. Lopez fouled out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Jackson lined out to second. DeJesus singled to right. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeJesus out at second. Rosales grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Magnuson pitching for Athletics. Wise flied out to left. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Infante singled to shallow right. Infante to second on wild pitch by Magnuson. Infante to third on wild pitch by Magnuson. Sanchez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Weeks singled to right. Pennington grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Weeks out at second. Crisp walked. Matsui grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Magnuson pitching for Athletics. Ramirez flied out to right. Morrison popped out to shortstop. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Carter lined out to shortstop. Jackson flied out to center. DeJesus walked. Suzuki safe at first on error by third baseman Lopez, DeJesus to second. Rosales singled to left, DeJesus scored, Suzuki to second. Weeks grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 8th. Magnuson pitching for Athletics. Buck grounded out to shortstop. Lopez flied out to right. Wise flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Mujica pitching for Marlins. Pennington lined out to first. Crisp homered to right (370 feet). Matsui grounded out to shortstop. Carter struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Athletics. Bonifacio lined out to pitcher. Infante lined out to third. Sanchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Jackson flied out to left. DeJesus reached on infield single to pitcher. Suzuki homered to left (358 feet), DeJesus scored. Rosales struck out swinging. Weeks struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Athletics 4.	Volstad shuts down A's; Marlins hold on in ninth