Cardinals - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for Marlins. Furcal flied out to center. Theriot grounded out to second. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Bonifacio grounded out to pitcher. Amezaga fouled out to right. Stanton popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Marlins. Holliday struck out swinging. Berkman flied out to right. Jay walked. Cruz lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez struck out swinging. Morrison doubled to right. Cameron grounded out to shortstop, Morrison to third. Dobbs walked. Hayes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Marlins. Descalso popped out to first. Garcia struck out swinging. Furcal fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Vazquez doubled to left. Bonifacio sacrificed to first, Vazquez to third. Amezaga singled to left, Vazquez scored. Amezaga to second on wild pitch by Garcia. Stanton walked. Sanchez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Stanton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Vazquez pitching for Marlins. Theriot lined out to third. Pujols homered to right (404 feet). Holliday struck out swinging. Berkman popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Morrison struck out swinging. Cameron struck out swinging. Dobbs singled to center. Hayes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Vazquez pitching for Marlins. Jay struck out swinging. Cruz struck out swinging. Descalso lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Vazquez reached on infield single to third. Vazquez to second on balk by Garcia. Bonifacio reached on bunt single to pitcher, Vazquez to third. Amezaga grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vazquez out at home, Bonifacio to second. Stanton walked, Bonifacio to third, Amezaga to second. Sanchez grounded out to third, Bonifacio scored, Amezaga to third, Stanton to second. Morrison struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Patterson hit for Garcia. Vazquez pitching for Marlins. Patterson safe at second on error by left fielder Morrison. Furcal bunt popped out to shortstop. Theriot flied out to right. Pujols intentionally walked. Holliday singled to right, Patterson scored, Pujols to second, Pujols to third, Holliday to second on error by right fielder Stanton. Berkman intentionally walked. Jay singled to left, Pujols and Holliday scored, Berkman to second. Cruz struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Patterson in center field. Cameron flied out to right. Dobbs grounded out to second. Hayes doubled to left. Petersen hit for Vazquez. Petersen homered to right center (419 feet), Hayes scored. Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Descalso bunt grounded out to pitcher. Patterson safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Bonifacio. Furcal singled to center, Patterson to third. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Theriot singled to left, Patterson scored, Furcal to second. Furcal to third, Theriot to second on wild pitch by Badenhop. Pujols struck out swinging. Holliday singled to left, Furcal and Theriot scored. Berkman walked, Holliday to second. Schumaker hit for Boggs. Schumaker walked, Holliday to third, Berkman to second. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schumaker out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 7th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Amezaga flied out to center. Stanton walked. Sanchez struck out swinging, Stanton to second on wild pitch by McClellan. Morrison grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Choate pitching for Marlins. Descalso struck out swinging. Patterson struck out swinging. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Cameron struck out looking. Dobbs flied out to left. Hayes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Theriot struck out looking. Pujols singled to left. Pujols to second on wild pitch by Cishek. Holliday walked. Berkman singled to left, Pujols scored, Holliday to third. McClellan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Berkman out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Wise hit for Cishek. Wise struck out looking. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Amezaga singled to right. Stanton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 8 - Marlins 4.	Holliday, Pujols power Cards to 4-game sweep