Orioles - Top 1st . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Jones struck out looking . Markakis walked . Wieters lined out to center . Tejada singled to shallow left center , Markakis to third . Scott flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Davis struck out swinging . Barton singled to center . Sweeney singled to center , Barton to second . Kouzmanoff fouled out to catcher . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Reimold flied out to second . Wigginton flied out to left . Atkins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Chavez struck out swinging . Gross grounded out to first . Rosales flied out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Lugo grounded out to third . Jones flied out to center . Markakis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Pennington grounded out to second . Davis singled to center . Davis stole second . Barton flied out to left . Sweeney walked . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Wieters singled to right . Tejada singled to center , Wieters to second . Scott grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tejada out at second , Wieters to third . Reimold flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Suzuki doubled to deep left . Chavez grounded out to second , Suzuki to third . Gross grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at home , Gross to second advancing on play . Rosales doubled to deep center , Gross scored . Pennington flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Wigginton struck out swinging . Atkins flied out to center . Lugo singled to shallow left . Jones singled to shallow left , Lugo to third . Markakis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Davis safe at first on error by shortstop Lugo . Davis to second on balk by Guthrie . Barton sacrificed to pitcher , Davis to third . Sweeney hit sacrifice fly to center , Davis scored . Kouzmanoff lined out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 6th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Wieters struck out looking . Tejada reached on bunt single to third . Izturis ran for Tejada . Scott safe at first on error by first baseman Barton , Izturis to second . Reimold flied out to left . Wigginton walked , Izturis to third , Scott to second . Atkins singled to left , Izturis and Scott scored , Wigginton to second . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Lugo grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Suzuki popped out to first . Chavez doubled to deep right . Gross flied out to center . Rosales flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Jones struck out swinging . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Markakis struck out swinging . Wieters flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Pennington grounded out to shortstop . Davis flied out to center . Ohman pitching for Orioles . Barton walked . Sweeney walked , Barton to second . Albers pitching for Orioles . Kouzmanoff flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics . Izturis doubled to left center . Scott grounded out to first , Izturis to third . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Reimold walked . Montanez ran for Reimold . Wigginton hit sacrifice fly to right , Izturis scored . Atkins singled to left , Montanez to second . Lugo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Albers pitching for Orioles . Suzuki struck out swinging . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Chavez struck out swinging . Meredith pitching for Orioles . Fox flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Jones grounded out to second . Markakis struck out swinging . Wieters fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Rosales singled to left center . Pennington sacrificed to first , Rosales to second . Patterson ran for Rosales . Davis struck out swinging , Davis safe at first on wild pitch by Johnson , Patterson to third . Davis to second on wild pitch by Johnson . Barton intentionally walked . Sweeney singled to right center , Patterson and Davis scored , Barton to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 3 - Athletics 4 .	Oh no - O 's : Orioles fall to 1 - 11 on A 's walk - off