Orioles - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Jones grounded out to third . Wigginton grounded out to second . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Davis struck out swinging . Barton struck out swinging . Sweeney struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Reimold grounded out to second . Wieters grounded out to third . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . Suzuki grounded out to second . Fox singled to left . Rosales grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fox out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Montanez flied out to center . Turner grounded out to third . Izturis singled to center . Jones singled to left , Izturis to second . Wigginton doubled to right , Izturis and Jones scored . Markakis singled to center , Wigginton scored . Markakis caught stealing third , Markakis safe at third on error by Barton . Reimold flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Buck struck out swinging . Pennington singled to right . Davis grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Pennington out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Wieters singled to left . Atkins grounded out to third , Wieters to second . Montanez singled to center , Wieters scored . Turner grounded out to pitcher , Montanez to second . Izturis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Barton hit by pitch . Sweeney flied out to left . Kouzmanoff flied out to right . Suzuki singled to center , Barton to third . Fox singled to left , Barton scored , Suzuki to second . Rosales struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Jones flied out to right . Wigginton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Pennington . Markakis singled to center , Wigginton to second . Wigginton to third , Markakis to second on passed ball by Suzuki . Reimold doubled to deep left center , Wigginton and Markakis scored . Wieters struck out swinging . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Buck struck out swinging . Pennington singled to center . Davis flied out to center . Chavez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Ramirez pitching for Athletics . Montanez grounded out to third . Turner grounded out to second . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Sweeney walked . Kouzmanoff doubled to deep left , Sweeney scored . Suzuki flied out to center , Kouzmanoff to third . Fox fouled out to first . Rosales struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Ramirez pitching for Athletics . Jones singled to center . Wigginton struck out swinging . Markakis flied out to center , Jones to second . Reimold struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Buck singled to right . Patterson singled to center , Buck to second . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Patterson out at second , Buck to third . Chavez hit sacrifice fly to left , Buck scored . Sweeney reached on infield single to shortstop , Davis out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Ross pitching for Athletics . Wieters grounded out to second . Atkins grounded out to third . Montanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . Suzuki flied out to right . Fox struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Turner flied out to right . Izturis doubled to right . Jones struck out swinging . Wigginton homered to left ( 383 feet ) , Izturis scored . Markakis grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Rosales lined out to right . Buck singled to right . Patterson struck out swinging . Davis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 8 - Athletics 3 .	Wigginton hammers A 's as O 's halt slide at 9