Rangers - Top 1st . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Andrus struck out swinging . Young singled to right . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Young out at second . Guerrero fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Pennington struck out looking . Barton singled to right . Sweeney homered to right ( 377 feet ) , Barton scored . Kouzmanoff singled to center . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kouzmanoff out at second . Rosales struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Murphy struck out swinging . Smoak popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Patterson doubled to deep right . Powell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Patterson out at third . Davis singled to left , Powell to second . Pennington struck out looking . Barton walked , Powell to third , Davis to second . Sweeney singled to center , Powell and Davis scored , Barton to third . Kouzmanoff singled to center , Barton scored , Sweeney to second . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kouzmanoff out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Treanor walked . Borbon grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Treanor out at second . Andrus walked , Borbon to second . Young struck out swinging . Hamilton walked , Borbon to third , Andrus to second . Guerrero homered to left ( 401 feet ) , Borbon , Andrus and Hamilton scored . Kinsler struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Rosales lined out to left . Patterson popped out to third . Powell walked . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Powell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Murphy walked . Smoak fouled out to catcher . Murphy caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Treanor flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Pennington walked . Barton tripled to deep right , Pennington scored . Sweeney singled to center , Barton scored . Kouzmanoff singled to left , Sweeney to second . Chavez fouled out to third . Rosales flied out to center , Sweeney to third . Patterson flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics . Borbon struck out swinging . Andrus reached on bunt single to first . Young lined out to right . Andrus stole second . Hamilton walked . Guerrero singled to left center , Andrus scored , Hamilton to second . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guerrero out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Powell grounded out to shortstop . Davis fouled out to first . Pennington fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Murphy grounded out to second . Smoak singled to right . Treanor struck out swinging . Borbon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Barton flied out to left . Sweeney flied out to left . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Andrus reached on bunt single to third . Young grounded out to pitcher , Andrus to second . Andrus stole third . Hamilton singled to left , Andrus scored . Guerrero grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hamilton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Chavez fouled out to left . Rosales struck out looking . Patterson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Kinsler struck out swinging . Murphy flied out to center . Smoak grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Ray pitching for Rangers . Powell flied out to left . Davis grounded out to pitcher . Pennington grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Treanor singled to right . Gentry stole second . Borbon flied out to left . Andrus grounded out to shortstop , Gentry to third . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 6 - Athletics 7 .	Sweeney 's 5 RBIs drive Athletics by Rangers