Athletics - Top 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Davis singled to center . Barton singled to left , Davis to second . Sweeney lined out to shortstop . Suzuki popped out to first . Kouzmanoff walked , Davis to third , Barton to second . Cust struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . Castro flied out to right . Byrd hit by pitch . Lee lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Ellis flied out to center . Pennington grounded out to first . Cahill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Colvin struck out looking . Soriano walked . Tracy popped out to shortstop . Hill grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Davis flied out to center . Barton flied out to right . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Zambrano struck out swinging . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . Castro grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Suzuki walked . Kouzmanoff singled to center , Suzuki to second . Suzuki to third , Kouzmanoff to second on wild pitch by Zambrano . Cust walked . Ellis singled to right , Suzuki scored , Kouzmanoff to third , Cust to second . Pennington grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kouzmanoff out at home , Cust to third , Ellis to second . Cahill grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cust scored on error by first baseman Lee , Ellis to third , Pennington to second . Davis safe at first on error by first baseman Lee , Ellis and Pennington scored , Cahill to second . Barton singled to center , Cahill to third , Davis to second . Sweeney flied out to center . Suzuki grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Byrd struck out swinging . Lee grounded out to second . Colvin singled to center . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . Cust lined out to second . Ellis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Tracy walked . Hill grounded out to second , Tracy to second . Zambrano singled to center , Tracy scored . Theriot singled to center , Zambrano to second . Castro singled to left , Zambrano scored , Theriot to second . Theriot caught stealing third , pitcher to third to second . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castro out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Pennington reached on bunt single to third . Cahill sacrificed to first , Pennington to second . Davis doubled to deep center , Pennington scored . Barton flied out to center , Davis to third . Sweeney struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Lee struck out swinging . Colvin popped out to shortstop . Soriano singled to left . Tracy doubled to deep right center , Soriano scored . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Hill singled to left , Tracy scored , Hill to second advancing on throw . Zambrano popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Stevens pitching for Cubs . Suzuki singled to center . Kouzmanoff singled to right , Suzuki to second , Suzuki to third , Kouzmanoff to second on error by right fielder Colvin . Cust walked . Ellis grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Suzuki out at home , Kouzmanoff to third , Cust to second . Kouzmanoff scored , Cust to third on wild pitch by Stevens . Pennington tripled to deep right , Cust scored , Pennington scored on throwing error by right fielder Colvin . Rosales hit for Blevins . Rosales struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Jackson in left field . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . Castro grounded out to pitcher . Byrd grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Grabow pitching for Cubs . Davis singled to center . Barton fouled out to third . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Davis out at second . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Colvin homered to right ( 410 feet ) . Soriano struck out swinging . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Baker hit for Tracy . Baker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Baker at third base . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Kouzmanoff doubled to deep center . Jackson grounded out to third . Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop , Kouzmanoff to third . Pennington grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to first to second , Kouzmanoff scored , Ellis out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Fontenot hit for Hill . Fontenot struck out swinging . Fukudome hit for Marshall . Fukudome reached on infield single to third . Theriot struck out swinging . Fukudome to second on fielder 's indifference . Castro fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Cubs 5 .	Kouzmanoff , Davis lead A 's past sloppy Cubs