Athletics - Top 1st . Fister pitching for Mariners . Crisp singled to center . Davis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crisp out at second . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Suzuki singled to center . Figgins lined out to left . Kotchman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki out at second . Branyan walked , Kotchman to second . Lopez singled to left , Kotchman scored , Branyan to second . Gutierrez singled to right center , Branyan scored , Lopez to second . Langerhans struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Fister pitching for Mariners . Cust singled to center . Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cust out at second . Ellis singled to center , Kouzmanoff to second . Carter struck out swinging . Larish grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Moore grounded out to second . Jo Wilson struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Fister pitching for Mariners . Pennington doubled to deep right . Crisp flied out to center , Pennington to third . Davis struck out looking . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Figgins singled to right center . Kotchman fouled out to catcher . Branyan struck out swinging . Lopez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Cust singled to right . Kouzmanoff walked , Cust to second . Ellis grounded into triple play , third to second to first , Cust out at third , Kouzmanoff out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Gutierrez walked . Langerhans sacrificed to third , Gutierrez to second , Langerhans safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Kouzmanoff . Moore hit into fielder 's choice to center , Langerhans out at second , Gutierrez to third . Jo Wilson hit sacrifice fly to center , Gutierrez scored . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moore out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Carter struck out swinging . Larish struck out looking . Pennington flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Figgins grounded out to second . Kotchman flied out to center . Branyan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Crisp singled to right . Davis doubled to left , Crisp scored . Suzuki grounded out to second , Davis to third . Cust struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Lopez grounded out to second . Gutierrez struck out looking . Langerhans singled to center . Moore grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Langerhans out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . White pitching for Mariners . Ellis struck out swinging . Carter grounded out to third . Larish lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Jo Wilson struck out swinging . Suzuki lined out to left . Figgins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . League pitching for Mariners . Pennington lined out to center . Crisp grounded out to first . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Kotchman grounded out to second . Branyan singled to right . Saunders ran for Branyan . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Lopez popped out to shortstop . Saunders to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Suzuki flied out to right . Cust struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 1 - Mariners 3 .	M 's turn triple play , win