Mariners - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Suzuki safe at first on error by shortstop Pennington . Figgins fouled out to right . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Suzuki caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Crisp homered to left ( 388 feet ) . Barton tripled to deep right . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop , Barton scored . Cust walked . Ellis reached on infield single to second , Cust to second . Davis popped out to first . Carson fouled out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Branyan hit by pitch . Lopez singled to center , Branyan to second . Kotchman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lopez out at second , Branyan to third . Moore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Tolleson struck out swinging . Pennington flied out to center . Crisp popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Saunders grounded out to first . Jo Wilson struck out looking . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Barton flied out to left . Suzuki walked . Cust grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Suzuki out at second . Ellis safe at first on error by shortstop Jo Wilson , Cust to second . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Gutierrez grounded out to third . Branyan lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Carson homered to left ( 385 feet ) . Tolleson doubled to left center . Pennington sacrificed to pitcher , Tolleson to third . Crisp singled to center , Tolleson scored . Barton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Crisp out at second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Barton out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Lopez flied out to center . Kotchman grounded out to first . Moore grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Cust doubled to deep center . Ellis flied out to left , Cust to third . Sweeney pitching for Mariners . Davis hit sacrifice fly to center , Cust scored . Carson flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Saunders flied out to right . Jo Wilson lined out to right . Suzuki singled to left . Figgins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Sweeney pitching for Mariners . Tolleson lined out to right . Pennington lined out to left . Crisp grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Gutierrez homered to left ( 431 feet ) . Branyan grounded out to first . Lopez flied out to center . Kotchman grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Sweeney pitching for Mariners . Barton singled to center . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher , Barton to second . Cust singled to right , Barton scored , Cust out at second . Ellis fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Moore grounded out to shortstop . Saunders singled to left . Jo Wilson popped out to second . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Saunders out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Wright pitching for Mariners . Davis flied out to right . Carson grounded out to shortstop . Tolleson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics . Figgins walked . Gutierrez doubled to deep right center , Figgins to third . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Branyan popped out to shortstop . Lopez hit sacrifice fly to center , Figgins scored . Kotchman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 2 - Athletics 6 .	Pair of solo HRs back Anderson as A 's roll M 's