White Sox - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Lillibridge struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . Rios struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Davis flied out to center . Pena pitching for White Sox . Barton doubled to deep center . Ellis grounded out to third . Cust flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Konerko lined out to shortstop . Ramirez singled to right . Jones flied out to center . Quentin reached on infield single to shortstop , Ramirez to second , Ramirez to third , Quentin to second on throwing error by shortstop Pennington . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Pena pitching for White Sox . Suzuki singled to left center . Iwamura flied out to center . Hermida singled to left , Suzuki to second . Carter grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Hermida out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Morel struck out looking . Lillibridge grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez bunt grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Pena pitching for White Sox . Pennington grounded out to first . Davis singled to right center . Davis to second on balk by Pena . Davis stole third . Barton struck out looking . Ellis walked . Cust struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Rios lined out to right . Konerko struck out swinging . Ramirez walked . Jones walked , Ramirez to second . Quentin walked , Ramirez to third , Jones to second . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Pena pitching for White Sox . Suzuki singled to center . Iwamura singled to right , Suzuki to second . Hermida grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Iwamura out at second , Suzuki to third . Carter walked . Pennington flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Morel reached on infield single to second . Lillibridge popped out to second . Ramirez walked , Morel to second . Rios flied out to center . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Pena pitching for White Sox . Davis flied out to left . Barton lined out to center . Ellis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Ramirez flied out to right . Jones doubled to deep left . Quentin popped out to second . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Pena pitching for White Sox . Cust struck out swinging . Suzuki lined out to second . Iwamura safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Lillibridge . Hermida flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Bonser pitching for Athletics . Morel grounded out to third . Lillibridge struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Carter singled to left . Gross ran for Carter . Pennington sacrificed to pitcher , Gross to second , Pennington safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Linebrink . Davis reached on bunt single to catcher , Gross to third , Pennington to second . Barton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gross scored , Davis out at second , Pennington to third . Ellis flied out to center . Cust walked , Barton to second . Suzuki singled to right , Pennington and Barton scored , Cust to second . Iwamura fouled out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 8th . Gross in left field . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Rios struck out swinging . Konerko flied out to right . Ramirez walked . Jones grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Infante pitching for White Sox . Hermida walked . Gross flied out to left . Pennington flied out to right . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Quentin walked . Castro lined out to third . Morel lined out to center . Viciedo hit for Lillibridge . Viciedo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Quentin out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 0 - Athletics 3 .	White Sox blanked by Gonzalez , A 's ; skid hits 7