White Sox - Top 1st . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel grounded out to first . Ramirez walked . Pierzynski struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Davis singled to center . Barton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis out at second . Ellis doubled to left , Barton to third . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop , Barton scored . Kouzmanoff lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Kotsay struck out looking . Ramirez grounded out to third . Teahen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Cust struck out looking . Carson grounded out to shortstop . Carter singled to left . Pennington flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Morel struck out swinging . De Aza grounded out to first . Pierre grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Davis singled to right . Barton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Davis out at second . Ellis flied out to right . Suzuki doubled to left , Barton scored . Kouzmanoff grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Vizquel reached on infield single to shortstop . Ramirez struck out looking . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vizquel out at second . Kotsay fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Cust singled to left . Carson struck out swinging . Carter singled to center , Cust to third . Pennington doubled to deep left , Cust and Carter scored , Pennington to third on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pennington out at home . Barton singled to center , Davis scored . Ellis struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 5th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Ramirez doubled to left . Teahen grounded out to second , Ramirez to third . Morel grounded out to shortstop , Ramirez scored . De Aza grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Suzuki grounded out to first . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Cust singled to right . Carson safe at second on error by third baseman Morel , Cust to third . Carter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 6th . Larish at first base . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Pierre singled to left . Pierre stole second . Vizquel singled to left center , Pierre to third . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pierre scored , Vizquel out at second . Pierzynski singled to right . Kotsay singled to center , Pierzynski to second . Ramirez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Pennington reached on bunt single to third . Davis grounded out to shortstop , Pennington to second . Larish grounded out to pitcher , Pennington to third . Ellis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Gross in left field . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Teahen struck out swinging . Morel grounded out to second . De Aza flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Harrell pitching for White Sox . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Cust walked . Cust stole second . Carson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Pierre safe at first on error by shortstop Pennington . Vizquel grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Pierre out at second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Harrell pitching for White Sox . Gross doubled to deep center . Pennington lined out to second . Davis singled to right , Gross scored . Larish walked , Davis to second . Davis stole third , Larish stole second , Davis scored , Larish safe at third on throwing error by catcher Pierzynski . Ellis struck out swinging . Suzuki walked . Kouzmanoff lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Kotsay singled to left center . Ramirez doubled to left , Kotsay to third . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Jones hit for Teahen . Jones walked . Morel struck out swinging . Konerko hit for De Aza . Konerko grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 2 - Athletics 7 .	A 's top White Sox , hand AL Central title to Twins