Rangers - Top 1st . Cramer pitching for Athletics . Andrus grounded out to second . Young grounded out to third . Cruz popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Ellis grounded out to third . Barton grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Cramer pitching for Athletics . Guerrero homered to center ( 402 feet ) . Kinsler lined out to right . Francoeur grounded out to third . Cantu struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Cust struck out looking . Gross flied out to left . Carter doubled to deep left . Iwamura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Cramer pitching for Athletics . Molina singled to center . Borbon struck out looking . Andrus singled to left center , Molina to second . Young grounded out to pitcher , Molina to third , Andrus to second . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Hermida singled to left center . Pennington grounded into double play , first to shortstop to second , Hermida out at second . Ellis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Cramer pitching for Athletics . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler doubled to deep center . Francoeur singled to shallow left , Kinsler scored . Cantu lined out to third . Molina popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Barton grounded out to first . Suzuki flied out to right . Cust reached on infield single to third . Gross grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Cramer pitching for Athletics . Borbon grounded out to shortstop . Andrus flied out to right . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Carter grounded out to shortstop . Iwamura struck out swinging . Hermida singled to center . Pennington flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Cramer pitching for Athletics . Cruz singled to left . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz out at second . Kinsler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Guerrero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Ellis singled to center . Barton struck out swinging , Ellis stole second . Suzuki singled to left , Ellis to third . Rapada pitching for Rangers . Cust struck out looking . Carson hit for Gross . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Carson singled to left , Ellis scored , Suzuki to second . Carter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Carson in center field . Cramer pitching for Athletics . Francoeur homered to left ( 395 feet ) . Cantu doubled to left . Bonser pitching for Athletics . Davis ran for Cantu . Molina sacrificed to pitcher , Davis to third . Borbon reached on bunt single to pitcher , Davis scored . Andrus sacrificed to pitcher , Borbon to second . Young walked . Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop , Borbon to third , Young to second . Guerrero doubled to deep center , Borbon , Young and Cruz scored . Wolf pitching for Athletics . Kinsler flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Davis at first base . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Iwamura popped out to shortstop . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Hermida singled to right . Pennington doubled to left , Hermida scored . Ellis reached on infield single to first , Pennington to third . Barton walked , Ellis to second . Suzuki fouled out to third . Cust grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Wolf pitching for Athletics . Francoeur singled to center . Davis singled to right center , Francoeur to third . Molina doubled to deep center , Francoeur scored , Davis to third . Borbon singled to center , Davis scored , Molina to third . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Molina out at home , Borbon to second . Young doubled to deep center , Borbon scored , Andrus to third . Cruz grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Young out at third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Carson flied out to right . Carter popped out to first . Iwamura walked . Iwamura to second on fielder 's indifference . Hermida doubled to deep right center , Iwamura scored . Pennington flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Powell catching . James pitching for Athletics . Guerrero singled to deep right . German ran for Guerrero . Kinsler singled to right , German to second . Francoeur fouled out to right , German to third . Davis struck out swinging . Molina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Ellis reached on infield single to first . Barton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ellis out at second . Powell struck out swinging . Cust grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 10 - Athletics 3 .	Rangers rout A 's , reduce magic number to two