Reds - Top 1st . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Dunn flied out to right . Casey homered to right . Griffey Jr struck out looking . Kearns grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Riedling pitching for Reds . Pierre singled to center . Castillo fouled out to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Pierre stole second . Lee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Branyan popped out to second . Stinnett struck out swinging . Olmedo doubled to shallow left . Castro doubled to deep left , Olmedo to third . Riedling struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Riedling pitching for Reds . Hollandsworth grounded out to first . Encarnacion popped out to second . Gonzalez singled to center . Fox lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Dunn flied out to left center . Casey singled to left . Griffey Jr flied out to right . Kearns walked , Casey to second . Branyan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Riedling pitching for Reds . Pavano grounded out to second . Pierre flied out to left . Castillo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Stinnett popped out to second . Olmedo singled to center . Castro doubled to deep left , Olmedo to third . Riedling singled to left , Olmedo scored , Castro to third . Dunn walked , Riedling to second . Casey hit ground rule double to deep right center , Castro and Riedling scored , Dunn to third . Griffey Jr intentionally walked . Kearns singled to left , Dunn and Casey scored , Griffey Jr to second . Tejera pitching for Marlins . Branyan doubled to deep left , Griffey Jr and Kearns scored . Stinnett grounded out to third . Pena in right field . Kearns in center field . Olmedo flied out to center . 7 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Riedling pitching for Reds . Rodriguez singled to center . Lee struck out looking . Hollandsworth walked , Rodriguez to second . Encarnacion singled to center , Rodriguez scored , Hollandsworth to third . Gonzalez singled to shallow right center , Hollandsworth scored , Encarnacion to second . Banks hit for Tejera . Fox flied out to right . Encarnacion to third , Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Riedling . Levrault pitching for Marlins . Banks struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Levrault pitching for Marlins . Castro tripled to shallow right . Riedling struck out looking . Dunn grounded out to second . Casey intentionally walked . Pena flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Riedling pitching for Reds . Pierre singled to center . Castillo walked , Pierre to second . Rodriguez singled to center , Pierre to third , Castillo to second . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pierre out at home , Castillo to third , Rodriguez to second . Hollandsworth grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Castillo scored , Lee out at second , Rodriguez to third . Encarnacion doubled to deep left , Rodriguez scored , Hollandsworth to third . Gonzalez singled to right , Hollandsworth and Encarnacion scored , Gonzalez to third on error by right fielder Pena . Sullivan pitching for Reds . Redmond hit for Levrault . Fox walked . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Redmond grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Kearns singled to center . Branyan struck out swinging . Stinnett flied out to left . Olmedo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kearns out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Sullivan pitching for Reds . Pierre flied out to center . Castillo flied out to left . Rodriguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Guillen hit for Sullivan . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Castro walked . Guillen flied out to deep left . Dunn hit by pitch , Castro to second . Boone hit for Pena . Casey walked , Castro to third , Dunn to second . Guillen in right field . Boone at third base . Reitsma pitching for Reds . Boone lined into double play , second to first , Casey doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Reitsma pitching for Reds . Lee reached on infield single to third . Hollandsworth flied out to center . Encarnacion grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lee out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Kearns grounded out to shortstop . Reitsma struck out looking . Stinnett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Reitsma pitching for Reds . Gonzalez struck out looking . Allen hit for Phelps . Fox flied out to shallow center . Almanza pitching for Marlins . Allen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Almanza pitching for Marlins . Olmedo singled to center . Castro bunt popped out foul to catcher . Olmedo to second on balk by Almanza . Guillen struck out swinging . Williamson pitching for Reds . Dunn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Williamson pitching for Reds . Pierre fouled out to catcher . Castillo lined out to left center . Rodriguez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Olmedo . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 9 - Marlins 6 .	Casey ends power drought as Reds top Marlins