Reds - Bottom 1st . Catalanotto tripled to left center , Johnson scored . Wells flied out to shallow right . Delgado doubled to left center , Catalanotto scored . Myers walked . Hudson flied out to left . Woodward walked , Delgado to third , Myers to second . Berg grounded out to second . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Dunn homered to right . Guillen struck out looking . Casey grounded out to first . Kearns flied out to deep center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Riedling pitching for Reds . Halladay singled to center . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Catalanotto reached on infield single to shortstop , Halladay to second . Wells walked , Halladay to third , Catalanotto to second . Delgado homered to right center , Halladay , Catalanotto and Wells scored . Myers singled to right . Hudson walked , Myers to second . Woodward hit by pitch , Myers to third , Hudson to second . Berg grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to second , Woodward out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Boone flied out to right . LaRue grounded out to second . Castro singled to center . Branyan hit for Riedling . Olmedo singled to right , Castro to second . Hamilton pitching for Reds . Branyan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Hamilton pitching for Reds . Halladay struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to second . Catalanotto flied out to deep left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Dunn singled to right . Guillen walked , Dunn to second . Casey grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guillen out at second , Dunn to third , Dunn scored on throwing error by shortstop Woodward . Kearns grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Casey out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Hamilton pitching for Reds . Wells grounded out to third . Delgado lined out to second . Myers singled to left . Hudson doubled to left , Myers to third . Woodward flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Boone singled to left . LaRue singled to left , Boone to second . Castro struck out swinging . Olmedo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , LaRue out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Hamilton pitching for Reds . Berg singled to center . Halladay grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Berg out at second . Johnson lined out to third . Catalanotto doubled to right , Halladay to third . Wells homered to center , Halladay and Catalanotto scored . Pena hit for Hamilton . Delgado struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Pena struck out looking . Dunn walked . Mercker pitching for Reds . Guillen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Mercker pitching for Reds . Myers walked . Hudson grounded out to second , Myers to second . Woodward struck out swinging . Berg flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Casey grounded out to second . Kearns grounded out to shortstop . Boone flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Mercker pitching for Reds . Halladay struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Catalanotto walked . Wells lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . LaRue struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to second . Taylor hit for Mercker . Olmedo singled to left . Sullivan pitching for Reds . Taylor flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Sullivan pitching for Reds . Delgado flied out to left . Myers doubled to right . Hudson singled to center , Myers to third . Woodward walked , Hudson to second . Berg struck out swinging . Halladay grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Dunn struck out swinging . Guillen struck out swinging . Casey singled to center . Williamson pitching for Reds . Kearns grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Casey out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Williamson pitching for Reds . Johnson lined out to right . Catalanotto singled to left , Catalanotto to second on error by center fielder Kearns . Wells struck out swinging . Delgado hit by pitch . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Huckaby catching . Myers flied out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 9th . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Boone reached on infield single to shortstop , Boone to second on throwing error by shortstop Woodward . LaRue flied out to right . Castro flied out to right , Boone to third . Olmedo flied out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Blue Jays 9 - Reds 2 .	Halladay ties Toronto record with eighth straight win