Rockies - Top 1st. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. LeMahieu homered to left (360 feet). Blackmon lined out to right. Arenado struck out swinging. González lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Gray pitching for Rockies. Choo struck out swinging. DeShields fouled out to right. Mazara flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Story lined out to center. Parra grounded out to second. Desmond reached on infield single to second. Murphy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Gray pitching for Rockies. Profar lined out to right. Odor struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. McMahon grounded out to second. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Gray pitching for Rockies. Gallo struck out swinging. Chirinos struck out swinging. Guzman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Arenado flied out to right. González walked. Story singled to center, González to second. Parra singled to shallow center, González scored, Story to second. Desmond singled to right center, Story scored, Parra to third, Desmond to second advancing on throw. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Parra scored, Desmond out at third. McMahon struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Choo struck out swinging. DeShields singled to center. DeShields stole second. Mazara singled to center, DeShields scored. Profar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mazara out at second. Odor popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. LeMahieu struck out looking. Blackmon walked. Arenado doubled to deep left, Blackmon to third. González grounded out to second, Blackmon scored, Arenado to third. Story grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Kiner-Falefa singled to shallow center. Gallo struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa caught stealing second, catcher to second. Chirinos struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Parra walked. Claudio pitching for Rangers. Desmond grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Parra out at second. Murphy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Guzman walked. Choo singled to right, Guzman to third, Guzman scored, Choo to second on throwing error by right fielder González. DeShields sacrificed to catcher, Choo to third, DeShields safe at first on error by second baseman LeMahieu. Choo to third on error by second baseman LeMahieu. Mazara singled to right, Choo scored, DeShields to third. Profar homered to right center (385 feet), DeShields and Mazara scored. McGee pitching for Rockies. Odor struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa popped out to second. Gallo struck out looking. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Claudio pitching for Rangers. McMahon singled to right. LeMahieu hit ground rule double to deep center, McMahon to third. Leclerc pitching for Rangers. Blackmon singled to shallow right, McMahon scored, LeMahieu to third. Arenado singled to left, LeMahieu scored, Blackmon to second. González singled to right center, Blackmon to third, Arenado to second. Story struck out swinging. Parra doubled to deep center, Blackmon, Arenado and González scored. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Desmond struck out looking. Murphy struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Chirinos hit by pitch. Guzman walked, Chirinos to second. Chirinos to third, Guzman to second on wild pitch by McGee. Choo grounded out to second, Chirinos scored, Guzman to third. Shaw pitching for Rockies. DeShields walked. Mazara grounded out to second, Guzman scored, DeShields to second. Profar doubled to deep left, DeShields scored. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Odor hit by pitch. Kiner-Falefa lined out to right. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Chavez pitching for Rangers. McMahon lined out to center. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Blackmon lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Wolters catching. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Gallo struck out looking. Beltré hit for Chirinos. Beltré grounded out to third. Guzman singled to right. Rua ran for Guzman. Choo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Trevino catching. Rua at first base. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Arenado flied out to center. González doubled to left center. Story homered to right center (386 feet), González scored. Parra doubled to left. Desmond struck out swinging. Wolters lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Davis pitching for Rockies. DeShields walked. DeShields stole second. Mazara walked. Profar flied out to left. Odor singled to right, DeShields to third, Mazara to second. Kiner-Falefa walked, DeShields scored, Mazara to third, Odor to second. Gallo walked, Mazara scored, Odor to third, Kiner-Falefa to second. Trevino singled to left center, Odor and Kiner-Falefa scored, Gallo to second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 12 - Rangers 13.	New father Trevino credits dad in Rangers' win