Mets - Top 1st. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Nimmo flied out to center. Frazier homered to left (419 feet). Conforto grounded out to second. Flores grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Matz pitching for Mets. LeMahieu doubled to deep right. Blackmon hit by pitch. Arenado homered to left (387 feet), LeMahieu and Blackmon scored. Story doubled to left center. Desmond walked. Iannetta struck out looking. Parra grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Desmond out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Bautista walked. Plawecki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bautista out at second. Reyes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Matz pitching for Mets. Cuevas singled to left center. Freeland struck out bunting foul. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cuevas out at second. Blackmon singled to center, LeMahieu to second. Arenado doubled to deep right, LeMahieu and Blackmon scored. Story struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Rosario reached on infield single to third. Matz sacrificed to pitcher, Rosario to second. Nimmo singled to right center, Rosario scored. Frazier grounded into double play, third to second to first, Nimmo out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Matz pitching for Mets. Desmond walked. Iannetta struck out swinging. Parra lined out to left. Cuevas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Desmond out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Conforto struck out swinging. Flores walked. Bautista struck out looking. Plawecki singled to left center, Flores to second. Reyes walked, Flores to third, Plawecki to second. Rosario popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Matz pitching for Mets. Freeland struck out swinging. LeMahieu safe at first on error by third baseman Frazier. Blackmon singled to shallow left center, LeMahieu to second. Arenado struck out looking, LeMahieu stole third, Blackmon stole second. Story grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Top 5th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Matz grounded out to shortstop. Nimmo grounded out to second. Frazier struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Matz pitching for Mets. Desmond grounded out to pitcher. Iannetta flied out to center. Parra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Conforto singled to center. Flores grounded into double play, third to second to first, Conforto out at second. Bautista walked. Plawecki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Matz pitching for Mets. Cuevas lined out to center. Wolters hit for Freeland. Wolters grounded out to third. Smith in left field. Peterson pitching for Mets. LeMahieu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Reyes singled to center. Rosario grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reyes out at second. Smith singled to deep right center. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Nimmo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Peterson pitching for Mets. Blackmon grounded out to second. Arenado popped out to shortstop. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Frazier singled to center. Conforto singled to center, Frazier to third. Almonte pitching for Rockies. Flores hit sacrifice fly to right, Frazier scored. Mesoraco hit for Peterson. Mesoraco grounded into double play, third to second to first, Conforto out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Sewald pitching for Mets. Desmond walked. Iannetta singled to left center, Desmond to third. Blevins pitching for Mets. Parra hit sacrifice fly to center, Desmond scored. Cuevas struck out swinging. González hit for Almonte. González walked, Iannetta to second. Flexen pitching for Mets. LeMahieu flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Plawecki tripled to deep center. Reyes grounded out to second, Plawecki scored. Rosario flied out to right. Smith doubled to deep left center. Nimmo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 4 - Rockies 6.	Arenado homers, drives in 5 as Rockies beat Mets, 6-4