Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Jay grounded out to second. Escobar singled to center. Peralta homered to center (434 feet), Escobar scored. Goldschmidt walked. Pollock flied out to right. Marte struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon doubled to deep right. LeMahieu grounded out to first, Blackmon to third. Arenado doubled to deep left, Blackmon scored. Dahl grounded out to second, Arenado to third. Story doubled to left, Arenado scored. González grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Mathis singled to deep right. Greinke grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Mathis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. McMahon struck out looking. Wolters struck out swinging. Senzatela grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Jay struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. Peralta lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon grounded out to second. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Arenado grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Pollock doubled to deep right center. Marte grounded out to second, Pollock to third. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Dahl grounded out to second. Story struck out swinging. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Mathis fouled out to first. Greinke grounded out to pitcher. Jay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. McMahon flied out to center. Wolters grounded out to shortstop. Senzatela struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Escobar grounded out to second. Peralta grounded out to first. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center. Pollock reached on infield single to third, Goldschmidt to third. Marte tripled to right, Goldschmidt and Pollock scored. Ahmed intentionally walked. Ahmed stole second. Mathis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon flied out to left. LeMahieu flied out to right. Arenado doubled to left. Dahl doubled to right, Arenado scored. Story grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Greinke singled to left. Jay flied out to center. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Escobar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Greinke out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. González grounded out to second. McMahon grounded out to shortstop. Holliday hit for Wolters. Holliday doubled to deep right center. Hampson ran for Holliday. Parra hit for Oberg. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Iannetta hit for Parra. Iannetta walked. Blackmon walked, Hampson to third, Iannetta to second. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Iannetta catching. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Peralta walked. Goldschmidt struck out swinging, Peralta stole second. Pollock reached on infield single to shortstop, Peralta to third. Pollock stole second. Marte singled to right, Peralta and Pollock scored. Ahmed struck out swinging. Mathis struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado grounded out to catcher. Dahl singled to right center. Story grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Dahl out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Musgrave pitching for Rockies. Walker hit for Ziegler. Walker flied out to right. Jay grounded out to shortstop. Escobar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Diekman pitching for Diamondbacks. González doubled to deep center. McMahon reached on bunt single to first, González to third. Desmond hit for Musgrave. Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond struck out swinging. Iannetta struck out looking. McMahon to second on fielder's indifference. Blackmon lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Rockies 3.	Marte drives in 4, D-backs beat NL West-leading Rockies 6-3