Phillies - Top 1st. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Hernández singled to right. Santana flied out to center. Herrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Blackmon walked. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Dahl grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Blackmon out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Hoskins doubled to deep center. Ramos grounded out to second, Hoskins to third. Cozens flied out to left. Kingery flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Arenado grounded out to third. Story safe at second on error by right fielder Herrera. Parra grounded out to first, Story to third. Desmond lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 3rd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Velasquez grounded out to second. Quinn struck out swinging. Hernández safe at first on error by shortstop Story. Santana walked, Hernández to second. Herrera singled to shallow left, Hernández scored, Santana to second. Johnson pitching for Rockies. Hoskins walked, Santana to third, Herrera to second. Ramos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hoskins out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Iannetta popped out to first. Tapia hit for Johnson. Tapia fouled out to left. Blackmon singled to left center. LeMahieu singled to center, Blackmon to second. Dahl homered to left (359 feet), Blackmon and LeMahieu scored. Arenado singled to center. Story walked, Arenado to second. Parra flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Cozens struck out swinging. Kingery struck out looking. Velasquez singled to center. Quinn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Desmond struck out swinging. Iannetta singled to deep center. Rusin sacrificed to pitcher, Iannetta to second. Blackmon doubled to right center, Iannetta scored. LeMahieu singled to center, Blackmon scored. Dahl singled to right, LeMahieu to third. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Arenado reached on infield single to pitcher, LeMahieu scored, Dahl to second. Story grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Hernández grounded out to pitcher. Santana grounded out to third. Herrera singled to left. Hoskins lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Bautista in right field. De Los Santos pitching for Phillies. Parra reached on bunt single to pitcher. Desmond walked, Parra to second. Iannetta walked, Parra to third, Desmond to second. González hit for Rusin. González doubled to center, Parra and Desmond scored, Iannetta to third. Blackmon grounded out to second. LeMahieu flied out to center. Dahl struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Dahl in center field. González in right field. McGee pitching for Rockies. Ramos grounded out to second. Cozens singled to right center. Kingery doubled to deep right center, Cozens scored. Bautista walked. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Quinn safe at first on error by shortstop Story, Kingery to third, Bautista to second. Kingery scored, Bautista to third, Quinn to second on wild pitch by Oberg. Hernández struck out swinging. Santana grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Florimón at second base. Knapp catching. Anderson pitching for Phillies. Arenado struck out swinging. Story grounded out to second. Parra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Knapp struck out swinging. Hoskins grounded out to first. Florimón grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Anderson pitching for Phillies. Desmond doubled to deep right. Iannetta hit by pitch. González struck out swinging. McMahon hit for Oberg. McMahon struck out looking. LeMahieu singled to center, Desmond scored, Iannetta to second. Dahl singled to left center, Iannetta scored, LeMahieu to second. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dahl out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Almonte pitching for Rockies. Cozens struck out swinging. Kingery doubled to left. Bautista walked. Quinn singled to center, Kingery to third, Bautista to second. Bour hit for Anderson. Musgrave pitching for Rockies. Bour grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Quinn out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. García pitching for Phillies. Story struck out swinging. Parra grounded out to second. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Santana flied out to left. Knapp grounded out to first. Hoskins walked. Florimón struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Rockies 10.	A Dahl's house: Dahl homers, Rox take 2nd wild-card spot