Mariners - Top 1st . Drese pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to center . Spiezio singled to right , Suzuki to third . Boone grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suzuki scored , Spiezio out at second . Martinez walked . Ibanez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Young struck out swinging . Blalock grounded out to pitcher . Soriano grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Drese pitching for Rangers . Aurilia grounded out to shortstop . Olerud flied out to center . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Fullmer grounded out to first . Dellucci homered to left . Mench flied out to right . Nix grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Drese pitching for Rangers . Winn singled to left . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Winn out at second . Spiezio tripled to right , Suzuki scored . Boone grounded out to shortstop . Martinez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Laird grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez doubled to right center . Young singled to left center , Gonzalez to third . Blalock struck out swinging . Soriano singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Young to second . Fullmer reached on infield single to second , Young to third , Soriano to second . Young scored , Soriano to third , Fullmer to second on wild pitch by Pineiro . Dellucci struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Drese pitching for Rangers . Ibanez doubled to right . Aurilia struck out swinging . Olerud walked . Davis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Olerud out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Mench homered to center . Nix struck out swinging . Laird struck out looking . Gonzalez walked . Young singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Blalock doubled to right center , Gonzalez and Young scored . Soriano singled to center , Blalock scored . Fullmer flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Drese pitching for Rangers . Winn hit by pitch . Suzuki reached on infield single to second , Winn to second . Spiezio grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Suzuki out at second , Winn to third . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Winn scored , Spiezio out at second . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Dellucci singled to center . Mench grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dellucci out at second . Nix struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Drese pitching for Rangers . Ibanez grounded out to second . Aurilia grounded out to second . Olerud singled to right center . Davis walked , Olerud to second . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Winn walked , Olerud to third , Davis to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Laird reached on infield single to shortstop . Gonzalez popped out to third . Young lined into double play , third to first , Laird doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Spiezio grounded out to shortstop . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Boone homered to right center . Martinez lined out to left . Ibanez singled to center . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Aurilia doubled to left , Ibanez scored . McCracken in left field . Jarvis pitching for Mariners . Olerud grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Jarvis pitching for Mariners . Blalock singled to center . Villone pitching for Mariners . Soriano doubled to left , Blalock to third . Allen hit for Dellucci . Fullmer popped out to first . Allen lined out to first . Mench intentionally walked . Nix singled to left , Blalock and Soriano scored , Mench to third . Mench scored , Nix to second on wild pitch by Villone . Allen in left field . Laird struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Davis flied out to right . Winn flied out to center . Suzuki walked . Nelson pitching for Rangers . Spiezio homered to left center , Suzuki scored . Boone walked . Boone stole second . Martinez doubled to left , Boone scored . Bloomquist ran for Martinez . McCracken walked . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Aurilia struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Myers pitching for Mariners . Young reached on infield single to third . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Blalock flied out to center . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Hansen hit for Davis . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Olerud walked . Hansen lined out to right . Winn grounded out to first , Olerud to second . Suzuki walked . Spiezio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Rangers 10 .	Rangers over .500 for first time since ' 99