Rangers - Top 1st . Reyes pitching for Royals . Young grounded out to shortstop . Blalock singled to center . Soriano struck out swinging . Perry struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Graffanino struck out looking . Beltran homered to right . Sweeney singled to left . Stairs struck out looking . Harvey flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Reyes pitching for Royals . Teixeira singled to center . Mench flied out to center . Young popped out to shortstop . Teixeira stole second . Nix tripled to right , Teixeira scored . Barajas homered to left , Nix scored . Young grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Randa flied out to right . Guiel hit by pitch . Stinnett flied out to left . Relaford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Reyes pitching for Royals . Blalock struck out swinging . Soriano singled to left . Soriano to second on wild pitch by Reyes . Soriano caught stealing third , pitcher to third . Perry grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Graffanino doubled to left . Beltran reached on bunt single to first , Graffanino to third . Sweeney singled to center , Graffanino scored , Beltran to second . Stairs grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Beltran to third , Sweeney safe at second on error by first baseman Teixeira . Harvey struck out swinging . Randa hit sacrifice fly to right , Beltran scored , Sweeney to third . Guiel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Reyes pitching for Royals . Teixeira walked . Mench grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Teixeira out at second . Mench to second on wild pitch by Reyes . Young singled to right , Mench scored . Young caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Nix walked . Barajas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nix out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Stinnett walked . Relaford singled to center , Stinnett to second . Graffanino sacrificed to pitcher , Stinnett to third , Relaford to second . Beltran hit sacrifice fly to center , Stinnett scored , Relaford to third . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Reyes pitching for Royals . Young doubled to deep center . Sullivan pitching for Royals . Blalock safe at first on error by pitcher Reyes , Young to third . Fullmer hit for Perry . Soriano hit sacrifice fly to right , Young scored . Fullmer grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Blalock safe at second on error by pitcher Sullivan . Teixeira grounded out to second , Blalock to third , Fullmer to second . Mench grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Stairs singled to right . Stairs to second on wild pitch by Park . Harvey walked . Stairs to third , Harvey to second on passed ball by Barajas . Randa hit sacrifice fly to right , Stairs scored . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Guiel flied out to center . Stinnett singled to right , Harvey scored . Relaford flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Sullivan pitching for Royals . Young singled to left . Nix singled to right , Young to third . Barajas singled to left , Young scored , Nix to second . Young struck out swinging . Blalock grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Barajas out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Graffanino singled to right . Beltran singled to left , Graffanino to second . Sweeney fouled out to first . Powell pitching for Rangers . Stairs hit by pitch , Graffanino to third , Beltran to second . Harvey walked , Graffanino scored , Beltran to third , Stairs to second . Huisman pitching for Royals . Randa lined into double play , second to first , Harvey doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Huisman pitching for Royals . Soriano struck out looking . Fullmer grounded out to shortstop . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Teixeira grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Guiel grounded out to first . Stinnett flied out to left . Relaford grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Huisman pitching for Royals . Mench flied out to right . Young grounded out to shortstop . Nix flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Graffanino flied out to left . Beltran struck out swinging . Leskanic pitching for Royals . Dellucci hit for Barajas . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . DeJesus in right field . Leskanic pitching for Royals . Dellucci struck out swinging . Young homered to center . Blalock tripled to deep center . Soriano struck out swinging . Fullmer homered to right , Blalock scored . Laird catching . Dellucci in left field . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Teixeira flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . DeJesus struck out looking . Harvey grounded out to second . Randa singled to right center . Randa to second on wild pitch by Cordero . Guiel lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 9 - Royals 7 .	Fullmer caps Texas rally with 2 - run shot in ninth