Mariners - Top 1st . Bierbrodt pitching for Rangers . Winn walked . Cabrera singled to left , Winn to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second , Winn to third . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Young doubled to left . Blalock singled to center , Young scored . Soriano popped out to third . Fullmer doubled to deep right , Blalock to third . Teixeira grounded out to pitcher . Dellucci grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Bierbrodt pitching for Rangers . Boone grounded out to pitcher . Olerud grounded out to second . Aurilia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Matthews Jr flied out to right . Barajas flied out to left . Conti struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Bierbrodt pitching for Rangers . Wilson flied out to center . Bocachica struck out swinging . Winn hit by pitch . Cabrera singled to left center , Winn to third . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Young reached on infield single to shortstop , Young to second on throwing error by shortstop Aurilia . Blalock flied out to left . Soriano struck out swinging . Fullmer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 4th . Bierbrodt pitching for Rangers . Martinez struck out swinging . Boone grounded out to shortstop . Olerud singled to center . Aurilia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Olerud out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Teixeira singled to center . Dellucci flied out to right . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Barajas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Bierbrodt pitching for Rangers . Wilson walked . Bocachica singled to deep left , Wilson to second . Winn grounded out to pitcher , Wilson to third , Bocachica to second . Cabrera grounded out to first , Wilson scored , Bocachica to third . Suzuki walked . Martinez fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Conti walked . Young flied out to left . Blalock flied out to left . Soriano lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Bierbrodt pitching for Rangers . Boone grounded out to second . Olerud grounded out to first . Aurilia homered to left . Wilson lined out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Fullmer walked . Teixeira singled to deep right , Fullmer to third . Dellucci hit by pitch , Teixeira to second . Matthews Jr hit sacrifice fly to right , Fullmer scored , Teixeira to third . Barajas singled to right , Teixeira scored , Dellucci to third . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Conti reached on bunt single to first , Dellucci scored , Barajas to second . Young struck out swinging . Blalock singled to left , Barajas scored , Conti to second . Soriano singled to center , Conti scored , Blalock to second . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Fullmer popped out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Bocachica grounded out to second . Winn singled to right . Cabrera doubled to right , Winn to third . Suzuki grounded out to second , Winn scored , Cabrera to third . Martinez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Teixeira singled to left center . Dellucci struck out swinging . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Barajas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Boone grounded out to second . Olerud grounded out to pitcher . Myers pitching for Mariners . Aurilia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Conti struck out looking . Young grounded out to second . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Blalock singled to left . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Hansen hit for Wilson . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Hansen grounded out to first . Bocachica singled to center . Winn flied out to left . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Rangers 6 .	Bierbrodt slathers Mariners in Texas mustard