Rangers - Top 1st . Griffiths pitching for Astros . Young grounded out to shortstop . Blalock grounded out to pitcher . Soriano grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Biggio reached on infield single to third . Vizcaino singled to right , Biggio to second . Beltran struck out looking . Berkman walked , Biggio to third , Vizcaino to second . Bagwell grounded into double play , third to second to first , Berkman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Griffiths pitching for Astros . Teixeira walked . Mench popped out to second . Dellucci flied out to center . Ardoin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Ensberg walked . Everett reached on infield single to shortstop , Ensberg to second . Chavez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Everett out at second . Ensberg scored on Rodriguez ' balk . Griffiths walked . Biggio flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Griffiths pitching for Astros . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . Rodriguez struck out looking . Young singled to center . Blalock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Vizcaino grounded out to second . Beltran struck out swinging . Berkman doubled to deep left center . Berkman to third on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Bagwell walked . Ensberg grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Griffiths pitching for Astros . Soriano flied out to center . Teixeira struck out looking . Mench fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Everett grounded out to third . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . Griffiths struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Griffiths pitching for Astros . Dellucci walked . Ardoin walked , Dellucci to second . Matthews Jr homered to right , Dellucci and Ardoin scored . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Young singled to center . Bullinger pitching for Astros . Blalock singled to right , Young to third . Soriano homered to right , Young and Blalock scored . Teixeira walked . Mench flied out to right . Dellucci grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Biggio struck out swinging . Vizcaino walked . Beltran flied out to center . Berkman walked , Vizcaino to second . Bagwell safe at first on error by shortstop Young , Vizcaino to third , Berkman to second . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Conti in left field . Ensberg homered to center , Vizcaino , Berkman and Bagwell scored . Everett reached on bunt single to pitcher . Lamb hit for Bullinger . Chavez singled to center , Everett to second . Everett to third , Chavez to second on passed ball by Ardoin . Lamb hit for Bullinger . Lamb hit for Bullinger . Biggio reached on infield single to shortstop , Lamb to second . Lamb to third , Biggio to second on balk by Brocail . Vizcaino reached on infield single to second , Lamb scored , Biggio to third . Harville pitching for Astros . Beltran grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Harville pitching for Astros . Ardoin grounded out to third . Matthews Jr reached on infield single to first . Conti struck out swinging . Young homered to left , Matthews Jr scored . Blalock flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Berkman struck out swinging . Bagwell walked . Ensberg walked , Bagwell to second . Everett walked , Bagwell to third , Ensberg to second . Lane hit for Harville . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bagwell scored , Everett out at second , Ensberg to third , Chavez to first , Ensberg scored on throwing error by second baseman Soriano . Weathers pitching for Astros . Lane flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Weathers pitching for Astros . Soriano singled to left . Teixeira flied out to right . Perry hit for Brocail . Mench flied out to right . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Perry struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Biggio walked . Vizcaino sacrificed to pitcher , Biggio to second . Beltran lined out to third . Berkman grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Weathers pitching for Astros . Ardoin flied out to right . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Conti safe at third on error by left fielder Biggio . Miceli pitching for Astros . Young walked . Mench in right field . Young in left field . Matthews Jr in center field . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Blalock fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Bagwell struck out swinging . Ensberg struck out swinging . Everett fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Miceli pitching for Astros . Soriano flied out to right . Teixeira singled to right . Mench flied out to right . Barajas hit for Ardoin . Young singled to left , Teixeira to second . Barajas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 8 - Astros 10 .	Ensberg 's slam helps Astros outslug Rangers