Rangers - Top 1st . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Young grounded out to shortstop . Blalock walked . Soriano grounded into double play , third to second to first , Blalock out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Damon singled to center . Bellhorn doubled to left , Damon scored . Garciaparra homered to left , Bellhorn scored . Ramirez doubled to deep left . Millar grounded out to third . McCarty grounded out to shortstop . Varitek flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Fullmer singled to left . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fullmer safe at second on error by second baseman Bellhorn . Dellucci struck out looking . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Barajas reached on infield single to shortstop , Fullmer to third , Teixeira to second . Nix grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fullmer scored on throwing error by second baseman Bellhorn , Teixeira to third , Barajas to second . Young walked , Teixeira scored , Barajas to third , Nix to second . Blalock homered to center , Barajas , Nix and Young scored . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . Reese struck out swinging . Damon singled to left . Bellhorn homered to right center , Damon scored . Garciaparra singled to left . Ramirez homered to center , Garciaparra scored . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Millar reached on infield single to pitcher . McCarty singled to center , Millar to third . Varitek singled to right , Millar scored , McCarty to third . Youkilis flied out to left . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Fullmer grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira flied out to center . Dellucci grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Reese lined out to second . Damon singled to center . Bellhorn struck out looking . Damon stole second , Damon safe at third on throwing error by catcher Barajas . Garciaparra doubled to deep left , Damon scored . Ramirez homered to center , Garciaparra scored . Millar struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Matthews Jr safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Lowe . Barajas singled to center , Matthews Jr to second . Nix lined out to first . Young grounded into double play , third to second to first , Barajas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . McCarty grounded out to shortstop . Varitek hit by pitch . Youkilis flied into double play , center to shortstop to first , Varitek doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Blalock popped out to shortstop . Soriano struck out swinging . Fullmer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Reese struck out swinging . Damon flied out to center . Garciaparra walked , Bellhorn to second . Ramirez singled to center , Bellhorn scored , Garciaparra to second . Millar flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Teixeira flied out to right . Dellucci grounded out to shortstop . Matthews Jr walked . Barajas popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Brocail pitching for Rangers . McCarty doubled to deep center . Varitek grounded out to first , McCarty to third . Youkilis walked . Reese struck out swinging . Damon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Nix struck out swinging . Young grounded out to second . Blalock hit by pitch . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Bellhorn hit ground rule double to deep right . Garciaparra flied out to left . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Kapler in right field . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Millar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Fullmer grounded out to first . Teixeira singled to left . Dellucci flied out to center . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Matthews Jr flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . McCarty singled to left . Varitek homered to right , McCarty scored . Youkilis walked . Reese flied out to right . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Youkilis out at second . Bellhorn singled to right , Damon to second . Nelson pitching for Red Sox . Garciaparra reached on infield single to shortstop , Damon hit by batted ball out at third , Bellhorn to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Nelson pitching for Red Sox . Barajas struck out swinging . Nix walked . Young walked , Nix to second . Blalock flied out to left . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 6 - Red Sox 14 .	Red Sox shell Rogers for fifth straight win