Orioles - Top 1st . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Roberts grounded out to pitcher . Newhan grounded out to second . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Young walked . Young stole second , Young safe at third on throwing error by catcher Machado . Young fouled out to first . Soriano hit sacrifice fly to center , Young scored . Teixeira flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 2nd . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Tejada popped out to second . Palmeiro popped out to first . Surhoff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Mench fouled out to catcher . Jordan popped out to shortstop . Blalock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Gibbons popped out to first . Majewski grounded out to second . Machado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Barajas struck out swinging . Young walked . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Roberts walked . Newhan singled to right , Roberts to second . Mora flied out to center , Roberts to third . Tejada singled to left , Roberts scored , Newhan to second . Palmeiro popped out to second . Surhoff fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Soriano singled to center . Teixeira doubled to left , Soriano to third . Soriano scored , Teixeira to third on wild pitch by Bedard . Mench doubled to left , Teixeira scored . Jordan grounded out to shortstop . Blalock walked . Matthews Jr grounded out to second , Mench to third , Blalock to second . Barajas flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Gibbons singled to center . Majewski popped out to shortstop . Machado flied out to center . Roberts grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Young singled to center . Young flied out to center . Soriano singled to left , Young to second . Young to third , Soriano to second on wild pitch by Bedard . Teixeira flied out to right , Young thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Newhan struck out swinging . Mora struck out looking . Tejada homered to right . Palmeiro walked . Surhoff fouled out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Mench singled to left . Jordan walked , Mench to second . Blalock singled to left , Mench to third , Jordan to second . Matthews Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mench out at home , Jordan to third , Blalock to second . Williams pitching for Orioles . Barajas grounded out to third , Jordan scored , Blalock to third , Matthews Jr to second . Young singled to center , Blalock and Matthews Jr scored . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Young struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Gibbons singled to right . Raines Jr hit for Majewski . Raines Jr walked , Gibbons to second . Machado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Raines Jr out at second , Gibbons to third . Raines Jr in center field . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for Orioles . Soriano fouled out to first . Teixeira singled to center . Mench grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Newhan struck out swinging . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Mora popped out to second . Tejada singled to center . Palmeiro singled to right , Tejada to third . Palmeiro to second on fielder 's indifference . Surhoff walked . Gibbons singled to center , Tejada and Palmeiro scored , Surhoff to second . Grimsley pitching for Orioles . Nix hit for Jordan . Raines Jr grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Grimsley pitching for Orioles . Nix walked . Blalock grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Nix out at second . Nix in center field . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Matthews Jr in right field . Matthews Jr grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Machado lined out to center . Roberts singled to center . Newhan struck out swinging . Roberts to second on fielder 's indifference . Mora reached on infield single to shortstop , Roberts to third . Tejada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 4 - Rangers 6 .	Race pace : Rangers add to O 's woes