Rangers - Top 1st . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Young walked . Young stole second . Blalock singled to right , Young to third . Young flied out to right . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young scored , Blalock out at second . Soriano struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Drese pitching for Rangers . Kotsay struck out looking . McLemore walked . Chavez popped out to second . Hatteberg walked , McLemore to second . Durazo walked , McLemore to third , Hatteberg to second . Swisher flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Mench doubled to deep right center . Jordan flied out to center , Mench thrown out at third . Nix struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Drese pitching for Rangers . Miller grounded out to third . McMillon struck out looking . Crosby singled to center . Kotsay singled to deep right , Crosby to third . McLemore lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Barajas struck out swinging . Young singled to center . Blalock flied out to center . Young caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Young batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Drese pitching for Rangers . Chavez reached on infield single to shortstop . Hatteberg doubled to deep right , Chavez to third . Durazo singled to center , Chavez and Hatteberg scored . Swisher grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Durazo out at second . Miller grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Young grounded out to third . Teixeira grounded out to second . Soriano homered to center . Mench struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Drese pitching for Rangers . McMillon grounded out to second . Crosby flied out to center . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Jordan grounded out to shortstop . Nix struck out swinging . Barajas singled to center . Young bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Drese pitching for Rangers . McLemore struck out looking . Chavez flied out to left . Hatteberg singled to right center . Durazo singled to right , Hatteberg to third . Swisher grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Durazo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Blalock walked . Young doubled to deep right , Blalock to third . Teixeira homered to center , Blalock and Young scored . Soriano flied out to right . Mench safe at first on error by pitcher Mulder . Jordan singled to left , Mench to second . Nix grounded into double play , second to first , Jordan out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Drese pitching for Rangers . Miller reached on infield single to pitcher . McMillon struck out swinging . Crosby flied out to right . Kotsay singled to right , Miller to second . McLemore grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Barajas singled to left . Young doubled to left , Barajas to third . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Blalock doubled to deep left , Barajas and Young scored . Young grounded out to shortstop , Blalock to third . Teixeira intentionally walked . Soriano hit sacrifice fly to left , Blalock scored , Teixeira to second . Mench reached on infield single to shortstop , Teixeira to third . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Jordan grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Chavez struck out swinging . Hatteberg struck out swinging . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Durazo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Nix lined out to center . Barajas walked . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Young grounded into double play , third to second to first , Barajas out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Swisher struck out swinging . Miller grounded out to third . Garcia pitching for Athletics . McMillon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Blalock homered to center . Young singled to right . Teixeira lined out to second . Soriano walked , Young to second . Alexander ran for Soriano . Dellucci hit for Jordan . Mench grounded out to pitcher , Young to third , Alexander to second . Dellucci walked , Young scored , Alexander to third on passed ball . Dellucci batting . Nix walked , Dellucci to second . Alexander at second base . Mench in right field . Dellucci in left field . Tejera pitching for Rangers . Barajas popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Tejera pitching for Rangers . Crosby reached on infield single to second . Crosby to second on fielder 's indifference . Scutaro hit for McLemore . Kotsay walked . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kotsay out at second , Crosby to third , Crosby scored on throwing error by second baseman Alexander . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Chavez walked , Scutaro to second . Hatteberg grounded out to first , Scutaro to third , Chavez to second . Durazo grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Rangers 10 - Athletics 3 .	Mulder stuck on 17 as A 's fall