Mariners - Top 1st . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to second . Winn grounded out to first . Boone struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Madritsch pitching for Mariners . Young fouled out to first . Blalock tripled to deep right . Young grounded out to second , Blalock scored . Teixeira flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Ibanez singled to center , Ibanez to second on error by center fielder Nix . Cabrera bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ibanez out at third . Reed flied out to left . Cabrera stole second . Spiezio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Madritsch pitching for Mariners . Mench flied out to left . Jordan flied out to right . Allen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Wilson singled to right . Lopez safe at first on error by second baseman Young , Wilson to second . Suzuki reached on infield single to first , Wilson to third , Lopez to second . Winn singled to right , Wilson scored , Lopez to third , Suzuki to second . Boone struck out swinging . Ibanez walked , Lopez scored , Suzuki to third , Winn to second . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Suzuki scored . Reed grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ibanez out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Madritsch pitching for Mariners . Nix lined out to center . Barajas popped out to second . Young singled to center . Blalock doubled to deep right , Young scored . Young singled to center , Blalock scored . Teixeira struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Spiezio singled to right . Wilson struck out swinging . Lopez doubled to left , Spiezio scored , Lopez to third advancing on throw . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to center , Lopez scored . Winn struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Madritsch pitching for Mariners . Mench flied out to left . Jordan reached on infield single to pitcher . Allen fouled out to first . Nix walked , Jordan to second . Barajas singled to left , Jordan scored , Nix to third . Young singled to left , Nix scored , Barajas to second . Atchison pitching for Mariners . Blalock singled to left , Barajas scored , Young to third . Young walked , Blalock to second . Teixeira lined out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Tejera pitching for Rangers . Boone fouled out to first . Ibanez singled to left . Cabrera popped out to second . Reed hit by pitch , Ibanez to second . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Spiezio singled to right , Ibanez scored , Reed to third . Wilson walked , Spiezio to second . Lopez lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Atchison pitching for Mariners . Mench grounded out to third . Jordan struck out looking . Allen singled to right . Nix struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to center . Winn singled to left , Suzuki to second . Suzuki to third , Winn to second on passed ball by Barajas . Boone struck out swinging . Ibanez intentionally walked . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right , Suzuki scored , Winn to third . Reed fouled out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Atchison pitching for Mariners . Barajas grounded out to third . Williams pitching for Mariners . Young walked . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Blalock struck out swinging . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Spiezio flied out to right . Wilson flied out to center . Lopez walked . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Teixeira flied out to center . Mench fouled out to first . Jordan homered to left . Allen lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Winn lined out to left . Boone struck out swinging . Ibanez singled to center . Villone pitching for Mariners . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Nix struck out looking . Barajas fouled out to catcher . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Young flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Reed struck out swinging . Bloomquist ran for Spiezio . Spiezio reached on infield single to shortstop . Martinez hit for Lopez . Wilson singled to deep right center , Bloomquist to third . Martinez struck out swinging . Suzuki intentionally walked , Wilson to second . Winn reached on infield single to second , Bloomquist scored , Wilson to third , Suzuki to second . Bloomquist at first base . Santiago at shortstop . Boone grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Blalock singled to center . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Blalock out at second . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Rangers 7 .	Ichiro gets two more hits as M 's spoil Texas ' day