Tigers - Top 1st . Palmer pitching for Angels . Granderson singled to center . Granderson stole second . Polanco walked . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop , Granderson to third , Polanco to second . Cabrera reached on infield single to third , Granderson scored , Polanco to third . Guillen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Jackson pitching for Tigers . Figgins flied out to left . Izturis grounded out to second . Abreu singles to   third . Abreu stole second . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Palmer pitching for Angels . Inge homered to left . Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop . Anderson stole second . Treanor flied out to center , Anderson to third . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson out at home . Granderson singled to right , Everett to second . Polanco flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Jackson pitching for Tigers . Morales singled to left . Rivera popped out to shortstop . Matthews flied out to right . Kendrick flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Palmer pitching for Angels . Ordonez struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Guillen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Jackson pitching for Tigers . Mathis struck out swinging . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Izturis reached on infield single to third . Izturis stole second . Abreu grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Palmer pitching for Angels . Inge grounded out to third . Anderson flied out to left . Treanor fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Jackson pitching for Tigers . Hunter singled to right . Morales singled to center , Hunter to second . Rivera reached on infield single to third , Hunter to third , Morales to second . Matthews walked , Hunter scored , Morales to third , Rivera to second . Kendrick struck out looking . Mathis walked , Morales scored , Rivera to third , Matthews to second . Figgins flied out to left . Izturis grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Palmer pitching for Angels . Everett grounded out to first . Granderson fouled out to catcher . Polanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Jackson pitching for Tigers . Abreu struck out swinging . Hunter homered to center . Morales grounded out to shortstop . Rivera flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Palmer pitching for Angels . Ordonez flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Guillen singled to center . Inge flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Jackson pitching for Tigers . Matthews reached on infield single to second . Kendrick safe at first on error by shortstop Everett , Matthews to second . Matthews to third , Kendrick to second on wild pitch by Jackson . Mathis reached on infield single to third , Matthews and Kendrick scored , Mathis to second on throwing error by third baseman Inge . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Figgins flied out to center . Izturis grounded out to first , Mathis to third . Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop , Mathis scored . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Abreu out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Palmer pitching for Angels . Anderson safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Figgins . Larish hit for Treanor . Larish walked . Everett walked , Anderson to third , Larish to second . Davidson pitching for Angels . Granderson walked , Anderson scored , Larish to third , Everett to second . Bulger pitching for Angels . Polanco singled to left , Larish and Everett scored , Granderson to second . Ordonez fouled out to first . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to first , Granderson out at third . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 7th . Laird catching . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Morales grounded out to second . Rivera grounded out to third . Matthews singled to right . Kendrick doubled to right , Matthews to third . Mathis walked . Figgins reached on bunt single to first , Matthews scored , Kendrick to third , Mathis to second , Kendrick scored , Mathis to third on throwing error by first baseman Cabrera . Izturis singled to right , Mathis scored , Figgins to third . Lyon pitching for Tigers . Abreu singled to right , Figgins scored , Izturis to third . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 8th . Bulger pitching for Angels . Guillen struck out swinging . Inge struck out looking . Anderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Lyon pitching for Tigers . Morales grounded out to second . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Matthews struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Speier pitching for Angels . Laird flied out to right . Everett grounded out to third . Granderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 5 - Angels 10 .	Angels ' Palmer earns first major league win