Indians - Top 1st . Miner pitching for Tigers . Sizemore grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Martinez doubled to right . Choo grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Laffey pitching for Indians . Granderson singled to center . Polanco grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Granderson out at second . Ordonez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Miner pitching for Tigers . DeRosa grounded out to third . Peralta grounded out to third . Dellucci struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Laffey pitching for Indians . Cabrera flied out to center . Guillen popped out to third . Laird walked . Inge walked , Laird to second . Raburn walked , Laird to third , Inge to second . Everett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Miner pitching for Tigers . Garko grounded out to third . Francisco grounded out to third . Sizemore singled to right . Sizemore stole second . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Laffey pitching for Indians . Granderson grounded out to shortstop . Polanco singled to left . Ordonez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Martinez walked . Choo struck out swinging . DeRosa grounded into double play , third to second to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Cabrera singled to left . Guillen flied out to right . Laird singled to left , Cabrera to second . Inge singled to right , Cabrera to third , Laird to second . Raburn walked , Cabrera scored , Laird to third , Inge to second . Everett homered to left , Laird , Inge and Raburn scored . Granderson walked . Chulk pitching for Indians . Polanco struck out swinging . Ordonez walked , Granderson to second . Cabrera lined out to left . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Peralta struck out looking . Dellucci singled to right center . Dellucci to second on wild pitch by Miner . Garko walked . Francisco singled to center , Dellucci to third , Garko to second . Sizemore struck out swinging . Cabrera safe at second on error by left fielder Raburn , Dellucci , Garko and Francisco scored . Martinez walked . Choo tripled to deep right center , Cabrera and Martinez scored . DeRosa struck out looking . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Chulk pitching for Indians . Guillen flied out to center . Laird grounded out to shortstop . Inge grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Lyon pitching for Tigers . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Dellucci singled to right . Garko singled to left , Dellucci to second . Francisco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Garko out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Chulk pitching for Indians . Raburn reached on bunt single to third . Everett sacrificed to pitcher , Raburn to second . Granderson grounded out to shortstop , Raburn to third . Polanco walked . Ordonez singled to right , Raburn scored , Polanco to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Seay pitching for Tigers . Sizemore doubled to deep right . Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher , Sizemore to third . Martinez doubled to right , Sizemore scored . Martinez to third on wild pitch by Seay . Choo walked . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . DeRosa hit sacrifice fly to left , Martinez scored . Peralta grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Guillen flied out to left . Laird walked . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Inge flied out to center . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Dellucci lined out to right . Garko flied out to center . Francisco reached on infield single to second . Sizemore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Anderson hit for Everett . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Anderson singled to right . Granderson homered to right , Anderson scored . Polanco reached on infield single to second , Polanco to second on throwing error by second baseman Cabrera . Ordonez grounded out to first , Polanco to third . Cabrera intentionally walked . Guillen hit sacrifice fly to left , Polanco scored . Laird fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 9th . Santiago at shortstop . Anderson in right field . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Cabrera singled to center . Martinez flied out to right . Choo singled to right , Cabrera to third . DeRosa struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 7 - Tigers 9 .	Tigers rally to top Indians after blowing lead