Red Sox - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Pedroia doubled to left . Drew singled to center , Pedroia scored . Youkilis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Drew out at second . Bay struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Thomas walked . Polanco singled to center , Thomas to second . Ordonez grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Polanco out at second , Thomas to third . Cabrera singled to left , Thomas scored . Granderson singled to right , Cabrera to third . Granderson stole second . Inge struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Lowell struck out swinging . Ortiz singled to left . Varitek singled to left center , Ortiz to second . Ellsbury safe at first on error by pitcher Porcello , Ortiz to third , Varitek to second . Green popped out to first . Pedroia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Laird singled to left . Santiago grounded out to second , Laird to second . Laird to third on wild pitch by Matsuzaka . Thomas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Drew singled to center . Youkilis popped out to first . Bay homered to left , Drew scored . Lowell safe at first on error by shortstop Santiago . Ortiz grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first to third , Lowell out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Polanco struck out looking . Ordonez singled to right . Cabrera lined into double play , second to first , Ordonez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Varitek grounded out to shortstop . Ellsbury singled to center . Ellsbury stole second . Green grounded out to third , Ellsbury to third . Pedroia grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Granderson singled to center . Inge struck out swinging . Anderson flied into double play , right to second to first , Granderson doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Drew grounded out to third . Youkilis walked . Perry pitching for Tigers . Bay flied out to left . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Laird walked . Santiago walked , Laird to second . Thomas struck out swinging . Polanco lined out to left . Ordonez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Perry pitching for Tigers . Ortiz struck out swinging . Varitek walked . Ellsbury singled to left center , Varitek to second . Green walked , Varitek to third , Ellsbury to second . Pedroia walked , Varitek scored , Ellsbury to third , Green to second . Lyon pitching for Tigers . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ellsbury out at home , Green to third , Pedroia to second . Youkilis hit by pitch , Green scored , Pedroia to third , Drew to second . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Youkilis out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Granderson flied out to right . Inge struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Lyon pitching for Tigers . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz struck out swinging . Varitek doubled to deep left center . Ellsbury intentionally walked . Green grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Anderson flied out to center . Laird flied out to right . Santiago flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Lyon pitching for Tigers . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Drew grounded out to second . Youkilis fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Thomas flied out to left . Ramirez pitching for Red Sox . Polanco flied out to center . Ordonez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Bay grounded out to second . Lowell flied out to left . Ortiz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera singled to center . Granderson singled to left , Cabrera to second . Inge singled to left , Cabrera to third , Granderson to second . Anderson struck out swinging . Larish hit for Laird . Larish struck out swinging . Santiago struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 5 - Tigers 1 .	Dice - K gets win No . 1 as BoSox beat Tigers   \n\n