Tigers - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Granderson walked . Polanco homered to left , Granderson scored . Cabrera struck out swinging . Thames singled to left . Raburn doubled to deep right center , Thames to third , Raburn thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Inge struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Kennedy walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . Holliday safe at first on error by shortstop Everett , Kennedy to second . Giambi walked , Kennedy to third , Holliday to second . Suzuki grounded into double play , third to second to first , Giambi out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Ordonez singled to right . Ryan walked , Ordonez to second . Everett sacrificed to pitcher , Ordonez to third , Ryan to second . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ordonez out at third , Ryan to third , Granderson to second . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Sweeney struck out swinging . Garciaparra flied out to left . Cust walked . Ellis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Cabrera doubled to deep right . Thames popped out to catcher . Raburn singled to center , Cabrera scored . Inge grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Raburn out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Kennedy flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to second . Holliday grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Ordonez lined out to right . Ryan struck out looking . Everett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Giambi struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney tripled to deep right . Garciaparra walked . Cust singled to center , Sweeney scored , Garciaparra to second . Ellis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Granderson singled to right . Polanco bunt popped out to pitcher . Cabrera grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Granderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Kennedy walked . Cabrera lined out to third . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kennedy out at second . Giambi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Thames grounded out to third . Raburn doubled to deep left center . Raburn to third on wild pitch by Casilla . Inge singled to left , Raburn scored . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Inge out at second . Ryan struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Suzuki flied out to right . Sweeney grounded out to second . Garciaparra grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Everett grounded out to catcher . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Anderson in left field . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Cust walked . Ellis flied out to center . Seay pitching for Tigers . Kennedy flied out to left . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Cabrera reached on infield single to pitcher , Cust to second . Holliday flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Springer pitching for Athletics . Cabrera singled to left . Thames struck out looking . Anderson popped out to third . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera safe at second on error by shortstop Cabrera . Ordonez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Giambi flied out to right . Suzuki flied out to center . Sweeney grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Ed Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Ryan struck out swinging . Everett doubled to deep left . Granderson hit by pitch . Polanco singled to right , Everett scored , Granderson to third . Cabrera popped out to second . Thames struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Garciaparra walked . Cust flied out to left . Ellis homered to left , Garciaparra scored . Kennedy singled to center . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kennedy out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 5 - Athletics 3 .	Galarraga dominates into 7th as Tigers beat A 's