Dodgers - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Furcal lined out to center . Pierre grounded out to pitcher . Kemp grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Podsednik singled to center . Podsednik stole second . Quintanilla doubled to right , Podsednik scored . Holliday singled to right center , Quintanilla scored . Helton walked , Holliday to second . Atkins walked , Holliday to third , Helton to second . Hawpe popped out to third . Iannetta hit sacrifice fly to center , Holliday scored . Herrera flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Loney flied out to left . Martin flied out to left . Ethier grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Cook lined out to left . Podsednik grounded out to second . Quintanilla lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . DeWitt grounded out to shortstop . Hu grounded out to pitcher . Lowe grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Holliday grounded out to third . Helton grounded out to shortstop . Atkins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Furcal bunt grounded out to third . Pierre doubled to deep left . Kemp struck out swinging . Loney grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Hawpe lined out to center . Iannetta struck out swinging . Herrera lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Ethier homered to right center . DeWitt singled to right . Hu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , DeWitt out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Cook singled to center . Podsednik walked , Cook to second . Quintanilla bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cook out at third , Podsednik to second . Holliday singled to right , Podsednik scored , Quintanilla to third , Holliday thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Helton intentionally walked . Atkins singled to left center , Quintanilla scored , Helton to third . Hawpe struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Young hit for Lowe . Cook pitching for Rockies . Young singled to center . Furcal grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Young out at second . Pierre grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Park pitching for Dodgers . Iannetta walked . Herrera sacrificed to pitcher , Iannetta to second . Cook struck out swinging . Podsednik singled to right , Iannetta scored . Podsednik stole second . Quintanilla lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Kemp singled to center . Loney reached on infield single to second , Kemp hit by batted ball out at first . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Loney out at second . Ethier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Ho Park pitching for Dodgers . Holliday grounded out to third . Helton struck out looking . Atkins lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Cook pitching for Rockies . DeWitt reached on infield single to second . Hu popped out to second . Sweeney hit for Park . Sweeney singled to right , DeWitt to second . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Sweeney out at second , DeWitt to third . Pierre singled to left , DeWitt scored , Furcal to second . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Barmes at third base . Kemp struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Pierre in center field . Wade pitching for Dodgers . Sweeney in left field . Hawpe hit ground rule double to deep left . Iannetta flied out to center , Hawpe to third . Herrera singled to center , Hawpe scored . Barmes lined into double play , center to first , Herrera doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Loney grounded out to second . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Ethier flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 2 - Rockies 7 .	Cook , Rockies halt Dodgers ' 8 - game win streak