Phillies - Top 1st . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Rollins grounded out to second . Victorino grounded out to shortstop . Utley doubled to deep right . Howard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Kemp flied out to center . Ethier flied out to left . Kent singled to shallow center . Ramirez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Burrell grounded out to pitcher . Werth struck out looking . Dobbs struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Loney singled to left . Loney to second on balk by Kendrick . Martin grounded out to pitcher . Blake flied out to right , Loney to third . Berroa popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Ruiz grounded out to third . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Lowe grounded out to shortstop . Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop . Kemp stole second . Ethier walked . Kent hit by pitch , Kemp to third , Ethier to second . Ramirez doubled to deep center , Kemp and Ethier scored , Kent to third . Loney singled to right , Kent and Ramirez scored , Loney to second advancing on throw . Martin singled to right , Loney thrown out at home . Blake homered to center , Martin scored . Berroa flied out to center . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Victorino singled to shallow center . Utley doubled to deep left center , Victorino to third . Howard grounded out to second , Victorino scored , Utley to third . Burrell grounded out to third . Werth struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Lowe grounded out to third . Kemp singled to left center . Ethier walked , Kemp to second , Kemp to third on throwing error by catcher Ruiz . Kent singled to left , Kemp scored , Ethier to second . Ramirez walked , Ethier to third , Kent to second . Walrond pitching for Phillies . Loney struck out swinging . Martin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 5th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Dobbs flied out to left . Ruiz flied out to center . Walrond grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Walrond pitching for Phillies . Blake singled to left center . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Blake out at second . Lowe sacrificed to pitcher , Berroa to second . Kemp intentionally walked . Ethier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Rollins singled to center . Victorino walked , Rollins to second . Utley grounded out to second , Rollins to third , Victorino to second . Howard grounded out to first , Rollins scored , Victorino to third . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Walrond pitching for Phillies . Kent doubled to deep left . Ozuna ran for Kent . Ramirez intentionally walked . Loney sacrificed to pitcher , Ozuna to third , Ramirez to second . Martin intentionally walked . Blake struck out looking . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Ozuna at second base . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Werth doubled to deep center . Dobbs flied out to right . Park pitching for Dodgers . Werth stole third . Ruiz struck out looking . Jenkins hit for Walrond . Jenkins singled to shallow center , Werth scored . Rollins tripled to deep right , Jenkins scored . Victorino struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Pierre hit for Park . Pierre singled to shallow center . Pierre caught stealing second , catcher to second . Kemp singled to shallow center . Ethier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kemp out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Utley struck out swinging . Howard grounded out to second . Burrell walked . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Werth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Ozuna singled to shallow left . Ramirez singled to center , Ozuna to third . Loney doubled to left , Ozuna scored , Ramirez to third . Martin intentionally walked . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramirez out at home , Loney to third , Martin to second . Berroa grounded into double play , third to second to first , Blake out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Dobbs singled to shallow center . Ruiz walked , Dobbs to second . Cervenak hit for Condrey . Cervenak struck out swinging . Rollins flied out to left . Victorino reached on infield single to shortstop , Dobbs to third , Ruiz to second . Utley singled to left , Dobbs and Ruiz scored , Victorino to second . Howard grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 6 - Dodgers 8 .	Dodgers hold on to beat Phils , edge closer in West