Dodgers - Top 1st . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Martin flied out to center . Ethier doubled to right center . Ramirez intentionally walked . Kent struck out swinging , Ethier stole third , Ramirez stole second . Kemp walked . Loney grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Drew grounded out to pitcher . Young struck out swinging . Jackson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Garciaparra flied out to center . Blake struck out looking . Kuroda grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Dunn flied out to center . Reynolds struck out swinging . Tracy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Martin singled to left . Ethier grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Martin out at second . Ramirez singled to right . Kent popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Snyder struck out swinging . Ojeda flied out to left . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp flied out to center . Loney flied out to left . Garciaparra reached on infield single to third . Blake singled to left , Garciaparra to second . Kuroda grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Drew flied out to center . Young singled to center . Jackson flied out to right . Dunn doubled to deep left , Young scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Ethier reached on infield single to first . Ramirez singled to left , Ethier to second . Ethier stole third . Kent walked , Ramirez to second . Kemp hit sacrifice fly to center , Ethier scored , Ramirez to third . Loney singled to center , Ramirez scored , Kent to second . Garciaparra fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Tracy singled to right . Tracy to second on passed ball by Martin . Snyder walked . Ojeda grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tracy scored on throwing error by shortstop Garciaparra , Snyder safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Garciaparra . Salazar hit for Davis . Salazar singled to center , Snyder scored , Ojeda to third . Drew hit sacrifice fly to left , Ojeda scored . Young grounded out to first , Salazar to second . Jackson fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 6th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Blake struck out swinging . Pierre hit for Kuroda . Pierre struck out swinging . Martin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Dunn struck out looking . Reynolds struck out swinging . Tracy walked . Park pitching for Dodgers . Snyder walked , Tracy to second . Ojeda grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier grounded out to first . Ramirez doubled to deep center . DeWitt hit for Kent . DeWitt singled to deep center , Ramirez scored . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp singled to right center , DeWitt to second . Loney grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kemp out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . DeWitt at second base . Upton hit for Qualls . Ho Park pitching for Dodgers . Upton doubled to left . Drew singled to right , Upton scored . Young singled to center , Drew to third . Jackson safe at first on error by shortstop Garciaparra , Drew scored , Young to second . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Dunn singled to center , Young scored , Jackson to third . Reynolds singled to left , Jackson scored , Dunn to second . Tracy popped out to shortstop . Snyder flied out to left . Ojeda flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 8th . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark at first base . Garciaparra grounded out to first . Blake popped out to second . Sweeney hit for Beimel . Sweeney lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Johnson pitching for Dodgers . Clark walked . Clark to second on wild pitch by Johnson . Drew struck out swinging . Young struck out looking . Clark to third on wild pitch by Johnson . Jackson doubled to deep left , Clark scored . Dunn intentionally walked . Reynolds walked , Jackson to third , Dunn to second . Burke hit for Scherzer . Burke flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks . Martin flied out to center . Ethier flied out to left . Ramirez doubled to deep center . DeWitt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 3 - Diamondbacks 9 .	D - backs send Dodgers to eighth straight loss