Dodgers - Top 1st . Duke pitching for Pirates . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Ethier singled to left . Ramirez lined out to shortstop . Blake flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Morgan doubled to left center . Sanchez grounded out to second , Morgan to third . McLouth flied out to center . Doumit singled to right center , Morgan scored . Ad LaRoche struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . Kemp singled to right . Ozuna grounded out to pitcher , Kemp to second . Berroa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Moss walked . An LaRoche lined out to shortstop . Moss caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Bixler reached on infield single to shortstop . Duke grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bixler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Billingsley grounded out to second . Martin flied out to right . Ethier grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Morgan grounded out to second . Sanchez safe at first on error by third baseman Blake . McLouth grounded out to second , Sanchez to second . Doumit singled to right , Sanchez scored , Doumit out stretching at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Ramirez singled to left . Blake struck out swinging . Garciaparra doubled to deep right center , Ramirez scored . Kemp reached on infield single to third , Garciaparra to third . Ozuna singled to right , Garciaparra scored , Kemp to second . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ozuna out at second , Kemp to third . Billingsley walked , Berroa to second . Martin doubled to deep left , Kemp and Berroa scored , Billingsley to third . Ethier grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Ad LaRoche homered to center . Moss struck out looking . An LaRoche grounded out to third . Bixler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Blake grounded out to shortstop . Garciaparra singled to left . Kemp singled to right , Garciaparra to second . Ozuna singled to right , Garciaparra thrown out at home , Kemp to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Loney at first base . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Duke struck out swinging . Morgan struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to center . McLouth singled to left , Sanchez to second . Doumit walked , Sanchez to third , McLouth to second . Ad LaRoche homered to center , Sanchez , McLouth and Doumit scored . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Moss struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Berroa singled to left . Young hit for Beimel . Beam pitching for Pirates . Young doubled to deep right , Berroa to third . Martin singled to center , Berroa scored , Young to third . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Ethier hit sacrifice fly to left , Young scored . Bautista pitching for Pirates . Ramirez walked , Martin to second . Blake grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ramirez out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Proctor pitching for Dodgers . An LaRoche flied out to right . Bixler struck out swinging . Pearce hit for Bautista . Pearce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Loney popped out to third . Kemp flied out to center . Ozuna safe at first on error by shortstop Bixler . Berroa doubled to deep right center , Ozuna scored , Berroa out stretching at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Proctor pitching for Dodgers . Morgan struck out swinging . Sanchez grounded out to catcher . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . DeWitt at second base . McLouth walked . Doumit homered to left , McLouth scored . Ad LaRoche singled to right . Moss doubled to deep right , Ad LaRoche to third . Johnson pitching for Dodgers . An LaRoche singled to center , Ad LaRoche and Moss scored . Mientkiewicz hit for Bixler . Mientkiewicz tripled to deep right , An LaRoche scored . Michaels hit for Grabow . Michaels singled to center , Mientkiewicz scored . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Morgan doubled to left , Michaels to third . Sanchez safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Loney , Michaels and Morgan scored . McLouth grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanchez out at second . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 8th . Cruz at shortstop . Yates pitching for Pirates . DeWitt popped out to second . Martin singled to left . Ethier struck out swinging . Martin to second on fielder 's indifference . Ramirez walked . Martin to third , Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Yates . Blake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Repko in left field . Ellis catching . McDonald pitching for Dodgers . Doumit popped out to second . Ad LaRoche struck out swinging . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Loney singled to center . Kemp singled to center , Loney to second . Sweeney hit for McDonald . Sweeney singled to center , Loney to third , Kemp to second . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Loney scored , Sweeney out at second , Kemp to third . DeWitt struck out swinging . Berroa to second on fielder 's indifference . Repko struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 8 - Pirates 15 .	LaRoche powers Pirates ' rout of streaking Dodgers