Giants - Top 1st . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Winn singled to left . Schierholtz singled to left center , Winn to second . Aurilia singled to center , Winn to third , Schierholtz to second . Molina struck out swinging . Ishikawa walked , Winn scored , Schierholtz to third , Aurilia to second . Rowand grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Aurilia out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Martin flied out to right . Ethier walked . Ramirez singled to center , Ethier to second . Loney struck out swinging . Blake popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Velez struck out swinging . Vizquel doubled to deep right . Hennessey grounded out to second , Vizquel to third . Winn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . DeWitt flied out to left . Berroa flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Schierholtz hit by pitch . Aurilia fouled out to first . Molina singled to left , Schierholtz to third . Ishikawa grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Schierholtz scored , Molina safe at second on error by second baseman DeWitt . Rowand struck out swinging . Velez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Kuroda reached on infield single to second . Martin walked , Kuroda to second . Ethier popped out to shortstop . Ramirez homered to right , Kuroda and Martin scored . Loney struck out swinging . Blake singled to center . Kemp homered to left , Blake scored . DeWitt popped out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Vizquel singled to right . Bowker hit for Hennessey . Bowker singled to center , Vizquel to second . Winn flied out to right , Vizquel to third . Schierholtz struck out swinging . Aurilia popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Correia pitching for Giants . Berroa grounded out to second . Kuroda singled to center . Martin flied out to center . Ethier walked , Kuroda to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Molina doubled to deep center . Park pitching for Dodgers . Ishikawa singled to right , Molina to third . Rowand walked , Ishikawa to second . Velez walked , Molina scored , Ishikawa to third , Rowand to second . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Ishikawa scored , Rowand to third , Velez to second on wild pitch by Beimel . Vizquel grounded out to third . McClain hit for Correia . McClain grounded out to third , Rowand scored , Velez to third . Winn grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Yabu pitching for Giants . Loney struck out swinging . Blake walked . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blake out at second . DeWitt reached on infield single to shortstop , Kemp to second . Berroa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Schierholtz lined out to third . Aurilia struck out looking . Molina doubled to left . Ishikawa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Pierre hit for Beimel . Yabu pitching for Giants . Pierre lined out to left . Martin grounded out to second . Ethier grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Saito pitching for Dodgers . Rowand grounded out to third . Velez grounded out to pitcher . Vizquel walked . Gillaspie hit for Yabu . Vizquel caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop . Gillaspie batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Walker pitching for Giants . Ramirez walked . Loney singled to right , Ramirez to second . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at third , Loney to second . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Blake out at second , Loney to third . Taschner pitching for Giants . Garciaparra hit for DeWitt . Garciaparra walked , Kemp to second . Berroa walked , Loney scored , Kemp to third , Garciaparra to second . Hu ran for Garciaparra . Young hit for Saito . Young walked , Kemp scored , Hu to third , Berroa to second . Sadler pitching for Giants . Martin struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Hu at second base . Wade pitching for Dodgers . Roberts hit for Sadler . Roberts grounded out to second . Winn flied out to center . Schierholtz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Winn in right field . Espineli pitching for Giants . Ochoa at shortstop . Roberts in left field . Ethier walked . Ramirez homered to left , Ethier scored . Loney walked . Matos pitching for Giants . Blake struck out swinging . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Loney safe at second on error by third baseman Aurilia . Hu walked , Loney to third , Kemp to second . Berroa grounded out to shortstop , Loney scored , Kemp to third , Hu to second . Sweeney hit for Wade . Sweeney flied out to left . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 9th . Repko in left field . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Aurilia singled to center . Molina struck out swinging . Ishikawa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aurilia out at second . Rowand singled to center , Ishikawa to second . Velez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Berroa , Ishikawa to third , Rowand to second . Sandoval hit for Matos . Sandoval hit ground rule double to left , Ishikawa and Rowand scored , Velez to third . Rohlinger ran for Sandoval . Roberts struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 7 - Dodgers 10 .	Manny powers Dodgers to victory