Angels - Top 1st. Eckstein grounded out to third. Erstad lined out to first. Salmon lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Christenson grounded out to pitcher. Everett singled to left. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Everett stole second. Palmeiro walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Anderson doubled to right. Fullmer singled to center, Anderson to third. Spiezio hit sacrifice fly to right, Anderson scored. Owens popped into double play, shortstop to first, Fullmer out at first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Blalock safe at first on error by second baseman Figgins. Teixeira flied out to center. Young struck out swinging. Blalock caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Molina struck out swinging. Figgins flied out to center. Eckstein popped out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Kreuter grounded out to third. Christenson singled to center. Everett doubled to left, Christenson scored. Rodriguez walked. Palmeiro doubled to right, Rodriguez and Everett scored. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Blalock singled to right, Palmeiro out at home. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Erstad walked. Salmon struck out looking. Anderson singled to right, Erstad to second. Fullmer singled to center, Erstad scored, Anderson to second. Spiezio grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Fullmer out at second, Anderson to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Teixeira homered to right center. Young fouled out to second. Kreuter grounded out to second. Christenson hit by pitch. Everett flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Owens grounded out to shortstop. Molina lined out to left. Figgins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Rodriguez flied out to center. Palmeiro walked. Gonzalez singled to center, Palmeiro to second. Blalock grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop. Erstad grounded into double play, second to first to third to second, Eckstein out at second. Salmon lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Teixeira grounded out to pitcher. Young struck out looking. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Kreuter popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Anderson struck out swinging. Fullmer doubled to right center. Spiezio grounded out to shortstop. Yan pitching for Rangers. Owens grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Christenson struck out looking. Everett homered to center. Rodriguez homered to center. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Palmeiro walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Blalock singled to right center, Palmeiro to third. Teixeira flied out to center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Molina singled to center. Figgins grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Molina out at second. Eckstein singled to center, Figgins to second. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Erstad singled to left, Figgins scored, Eckstein to second. Salmon singled to center, Eckstein scored, Erstad to third. Anderson grounded out to shortstop, Erstad scored, Salmon to second. Fullmer intentionally walked. Spiezio safe at first on error by second baseman Young, Ramirez scored, Fullmer to second. Owens walked, Fullmer to third, Spiezio to second. Molina singled to right, Fullmer and Spiezio scored, Owens to third. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Figgins singled to center, Owens scored, Molina to second. Eckstein grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina out at third, Figgins to second. 7 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Young struck out looking. Kreuter grounded out to shortstop. Christenson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Erstad doubled to left. Ramirez sacrificed to first. Anderson struck out looking. Fullmer intentionally walked. Spiezio struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Percival pitching for Angels. Everett singled to center. Rodriguez homered to left center, Everett scored. Palmeiro struck out looking. Gonzalez flied out to right. Blalock singled to center. Teixeira struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 9 - Rangers 8.	Odd play, error allow Angels to rally past Rangers