Yankees - Top 1st. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Soriano hit by pitch. Johnson walked, Soriano to second. Williams grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Johnson out at second, Soriano to third. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Yankees. Everett lined out to shortstop. Blalock struck out looking. Rodriguez singled to left. Palmeiro doubled to right center, Rodriguez scored. Gonzalez walked. Sierra singled to right, Palmeiro scored, Gonzalez to third. Christenson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Mondesi walked. Ventura singled to right, Mondesi to third. Zeile struck out looking. Mondesi scored, Ventura to second on wild pitch by Park. Flaherty hit by pitch. Wilson flied out to shallow left. Soriano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Flaherty out at second, Ventura to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Yankees. Young singled to shallow right. Kreuter grounded out to shortstop, Young to second. Everett flied out to right. Blalock popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Johnson walked. Johnson stole second. Williams singled to shallow center, Johnson to third. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Williams out at second. Mondesi homered to left, Johnson and Matsui scored. Ventura singled to right. Zeile walked, Ventura to second. Flaherty grounded into double play, third to second to first, Zeile out at second, Ventura to third. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Yankees. Rodriguez singled to right. Palmeiro flied out to center. Gonzalez safe at first on error by third baseman Ventura, Rodriguez to second. Sierra flied out to deep left center. Christenson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Soriano lined out to left. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Yankees. Young singled to center. Kreuter flied out to center. Everett grounded out to shortstop, Young to second. Blalock safe at first on error by first baseman Johnson, Young to third. Rodriguez doubled to right, Young and Blalock scored. Palmeiro intentionally walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Williams walked. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Matsui struck out swinging. Mondesi popped out to second. Ventura doubled to right center, Williams scored. Zeile lined out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Weaver pitching for Yankees. Sierra singled to center. Christenson singled to shallow center, Sierra to third, Christenson to second advancing on throw. Young singled to left center, Sierra and Christenson scored. Kreuter singled to left, Young to third. Everett hit by pitch, Kreuter to second. Choate pitching for Yankees. Diaz ran for Kreuter. Blalock grounded into fielder's choice to first, Young out at home, Diaz to third, Everett to second. Rodriguez doubled to right center, Diaz, Blalock and Everett scored. Rodriguez out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Palmeiro singled to right. Reyes pitching for Yankees. Diaz catching. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Flaherty doubled to left. Wilson grounded out to second, Flaherty to third. Soriano singled to shallow right, Flaherty scored. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Johnson struck out looking. Soriano stole second, Soriano safe at third on throwing error by catcher Diaz. Williams walked. Matsui lined out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Reyes pitching for Yankees. Sierra grounded out to first. Christenson flied out to left. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Mondesi lined out to third. Ventura popped out to shortstop. Zeile doubled to right. Flaherty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Reyes pitching for Yankees. Diaz walked. Everett popped out to third. Blalock struck out swinging, Diaz to second on wild pitch by Reyes. Rodriguez singled to center, Diaz scored. Palmeiro grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Wilson flied out to center. Soriano walked. Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop, Soriano to second. Williams grounded out to first, Soriano to third, Johnson to second. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Anderson pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez flied out to left. Sierra grounded out to second. Christenson singled to center. Christenson stole second. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Everett in right field. Mench in left field. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Mondesi struck out looking. Ventura singled to right. Zeile singled to center, Ventura to second. Posada hit for Flaherty. Urbina pitching for Rangers. Posada singled to right, Ventura scored, Zeile to second. Ja Giambi hit for Wilson. Ja Giambi grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Posada out at second, Zeile to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 7 - Rangers 10.	A-Rod's 6 RBI help Rangers cool off Yankees