Rangers - Top 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Christenson struck out swinging. Everett grounded out to third. Rodriguez doubled to left. Gonzalez homered to left, Rodriguez scored. Palmeiro popped out to first. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Stewart lined out to right. Catalanotto singled to left. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Catalanotto out at second. Delgado lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Mench walked. Greene homered to left center, Mench scored. Teixeira flied out to center. Young flied out to right. Christenson popped out to second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Phelps flied out to center. Hinske walked. Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hinske out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Everett flied out to right. Rodriguez homered to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Palmeiro singled to center. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Mench doubled to left, Palmeiro to third. Greene struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Berg singled to center. Woodward flied out to center. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Berg out at second. Catalanotto singled to left, Stewart to second. Wells grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Teixeira grounded out to first. Young struck out swinging. Christenson walked. Everett homered to right, Christenson scored. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Delgado popped out to third. Phelps safe at first on error by third baseman Teixeira, Phelps to second on throwing error by third baseman Teixeira. Hinske lined out to shortstop. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Palmeiro struck out swinging. Mench reached on infield single to third. Greene grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Berg singled to right. Woodward walked, Berg to second. Stewart flied out to right. Catalanotto grounded out to first, Berg to third, Woodward to second. Wells singled to left, Berg and Woodward scored. Delgado homered to right, Wells scored. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Phelps grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Teixeira walked. Young singled to right, Teixeira to second. Tam pitching for Blue Jays. Christenson grounded out to second, Teixeira to third, Young to second. Everett walked. Rodriguez singled to center, Teixeira and Young scored, Everett to third. Gonzalez homered to left, Everett and Rodriguez scored. Palmeiro struck out looking. Mench struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Hinske singled to center. Ro Garcia pitching for Rangers. Hinske to second on passed ball by Greene. Wilson grounded out to third. Berg grounded out to third, Hinske to third. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Woodward flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Greene grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira singled to center. Young flied out to right. Diaz catching. Christenson flied out to deep right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Garcia pitching for Rangers. Stewart doubled to left. Catalanotto reached on infield single to shortstop, Stewart to third. Wells hit sacrifice fly to center, Stewart scored. Delgado lined out to center. Phelps doubled to right, Catalanotto to third. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Hinske doubled to left, Catalanotto and Phelps scored. Yan pitching for Rangers. Creek pitching for Blue Jays. Wilson lined out to left. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Creek pitching for Blue Jays. Everett hit by pitch. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Everett to second on wild pitch by Creek. Everett to third on passed ball by Wilson. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Palmeiro grounded out to first, Everett scored, Gonzalez to second. Mench grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Yan pitching for Rangers. Berg singled to left. Woodward struck out swinging. Stewart doubled to left center, Berg scored. Catalanotto reached on infield single to shortstop, Stewart to third. Wells struck out swinging. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Delgado singled to right, Stewart scored, Catalanotto to third. Phelps singled to left, Catalanotto scored, Delgado to second. Hinske doubled to right, Delgado scored, Phelps to third. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Myers hit for Wilson. Myers catching. Escobar pitching for Blue Jays. Myers struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Blalock hit for Teixeira. Escobar pitching for Blue Jays. Diaz doubled to left. Blalock doubled to right, Diaz scored. Young struck out swinging. Christenson singled to left, Blalock thrown out at home, Christenson to second advancing on throw. Everett homered to right, Christenson scored. Rodriguez singled to left. Blalock at third base. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Berg grounded out to pitcher. Woodward struck out swinging. Stewart singled to center. Stewart to second on fielder's indifference. Catalanotto flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 16 - Blue Jays 11.	Everett, Gonzalez HR twice in Rangers' win over Jays