Rangers - Top 1st. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Everett struck out looking. Blalock struck out swinging. Rodriguez walked. Rodriguez stole second. Palmeiro singled to right, Rodriguez scored, Palmeiro to second advancing on throw. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Soriano singled to center. Jeter singled to center, Soriano to second. Ja Giambi walked, Soriano to third, Jeter to second. Williams grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Soriano scored, Ja Giambi out at second, Jeter to third. Matsui grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Sierra walked. Young singled to right, Sierra to second. Diaz fouled out to catcher. Christenson grounded out to third, Sierra to third, Young to second. Everett walked. Blalock doubled to deep left, Sierra, Everett and Young scored. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Posada walked. Ventura struck out looking. Mondesi grounded into double play, third to second to first, Posada out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Palmeiro flied out to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Sierra struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Zeile grounded out to shortstop. Soriano struck out swinging. Jeter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Young singled to left. Diaz struck out swinging. Young stole second. Christenson walked. Everett singled to left, Young scored, Christenson to second. Blalock struck out looking. Rodriguez popped out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Ja Giambi struck out swinging. Williams doubled to left. Matsui singled to center, Williams scored. Posada popped out to shallow right center. Ventura singled to right, Matsui to third, Matsui scored, Ventura to second on error by right fielder Sierra. Mondesi struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Palmeiro walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Sierra struck out swinging. Young reached on infield single to third, Palmeiro to second. Diaz popped out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Zeile struck out swinging. Soriano grounded out to third. Jeter walked. Hitchcock pitching for Yankees. Ja Giambi doubled to deep left, Jeter thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Hitchcock pitching for Yankees. Christenson popped out to first. Everett walked. Blalock flied out to shallow center. Rodriguez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Williams singled to right. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Matsui flied out to center. Posada fouled out to first. Ventura singled to right, Williams to second. Mondesi doubled to left, Williams scored, Ventura to third. Zeile struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Hitchcock pitching for Yankees. Palmeiro grounded out to second. Osuna pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Sierra doubled to deep left. Sadler ran for Sierra. Sadler in left field. Everett in right field. Young flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Soriano struck out swinging. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Ja Giambi walked. Williams grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Osuna pitching for Yankees. Diaz singled to right. Christenson bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Diaz out at second. Everett walked, Christenson to second. Blalock struck out swinging. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Christenson out at third, Everett to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Matsui struck out swinging. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Posada walked. Gipson ran for Posada. Ventura singled to right, Gipson to third. Mondesi singled to right, Gipson scored, Ventura to second. Zeile walked, Ventura to third, Mondesi to second. Soriano struck out swinging. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Flaherty catching. Jeter grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Palmeiro batting. Gonzalez batting. Sadler batting. Young batting. Teixeira ran for Palmeiro. Perry hit for Diaz. Teixeira at first base. Greene catching. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Perry flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Ja Giambi struck out swinging, Ja Giambi safe at first on passed ball by Greene. Williams singled to center, Ja Giambi to second. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ja Giambi out at third, Williams to second. Flaherty singled to left, Williams thrown out at home, Matsui to third, Flaherty to second advancing on throw. Acevedo pitching for Yankees. Ventura grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 10th. Acevedo pitching for Yankees. Christenson doubled to deep center. Everett lined into double play, left to second, Christenson doubled off second. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Blalock struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 10th. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Mondesi grounded out to pitcher. Zeile grounded out to shortstop. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 11th. Acevedo pitching for Yankees. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira flied out to center. Gonzalez flied out to deep left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 11th. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Jeter struck out looking. Ja Giambi hit by pitch. Williams popped out to second. Matsui doubled to left, Ja Giambi to third. Flaherty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 12th. Acevedo pitching for Yankees. Sadler struck out swinging. Young grounded out to second. Greene doubled to left center. Christenson walked. Everett hit by pitch, Greene to third, Christenson to second. Blalock doubled to right center, Greene, Everett and Christenson scored. Rodriguez intentionally walked. Urbina pitching for Rangers. Teixeira flied out to left. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 12th. Urbina pitching for Rangers. Ventura flied out to left. Mondesi struck out swinging. Zeile safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Blalock. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 8 - Yankees 5.	Rangers spoil Clemens' quest for win No. 299