Twins - Top 1st. Mounce pitching for Rangers. Ford walked. Mientkiewicz popped out to second. Koskie hit by pitch, Ford to second. Hunter lined into double play, first to shortstop, Ford doubled off second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Twins. Young struck out looking. Blalock fouled out to catcher. Rodriguez popped out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Mounce pitching for Rangers. Kielty walked. Morneau walked, Kielty to second. Gomez singled to center, Kielty scored, Morneau to second. Pierzynski hit by pitch, Morneau to third, Gomez to second. Rivas hit sacrifice fly to left, Morneau scored. Ford doubled to left, Gomez and Pierzynski scored. Mientkiewicz reached on infield single to first, Ford to third, Ford scored on runner's fielder's choice. Mientkiewicz batting. Koskie flied out to deep left. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mientkiewicz out at second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Twins. Palmeiro homered to right center. Gonzalez flied out to right. Lamb struck out swinging. Mench doubled to left. Teixeira doubled to right, Mench scored. Greene singled to center, Teixeira scored. Young singled to right, Greene to second. Blalock walked, Greene to third, Young to second. Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop, Greene and Young scored, Blalock to second. Palmeiro lined out to center. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Mounce pitching for Rangers. Kielty reached on infield single to shortstop. Morneau grounded out to second, Kielty to second. Gomez flied out to right, Kielty thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Twins. Gonzalez homered to center. Lamb grounded out to first. Mench doubled to shallow center. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop. Greene struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Mounce pitching for Rangers. Pierzynski singled to right. Powell pitching for Rangers. Rivas singled to right center, Pierzynski to second. Ford bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pierzynski out at third, Rivas to second. Mientkiewicz struck out swinging. Koskie grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Young reached on infield single to shortstop. Blalock singled to right, Young to third. Rincon pitching for Twins. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blalock to second, Rodriguez to second, Blalock out at third in rundown. Palmeiro intentionally walked. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to right, Young scored. Lamb lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Powell pitching for Rangers. Hunter singled to left center. Kielty grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Hunter out at second. Morneau fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Rincon pitching for Twins. Mench hit by pitch. Teixeira lined into double play, second to first, Mench doubled off first. Greene doubled to left center. Young singled to center, Greene scored. Blalock singled to right, Young to second. Sadler in center field. Rodriguez struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Powell pitching for Rangers. Gomez grounded out to shortstop. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Balfour pitching for Twins. Rivas grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Balfour pitching for Twins. Palmeiro fouled out to catcher. Gonzalez safe at first on error by shortstop Gomez. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. Sadler walked, Lamb to second. Teixeira grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 7th. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Ford grounded out to first. Mientkiewicz struck out swinging. Koskie hit by pitch. Ro Garcia pitching for Rangers. Koskie stole second. Hunter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Balfour pitching for Twins. Greene grounded out to pitcher. Young flied out to right. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Blalock grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Kielty fouled out to third. LeCroy hit for Morneau. LeCroy doubled to left. Gomez flied out to right. Pierzynski grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Balfour pitching for Twins. Rodriguez struck out looking. Palmeiro flied out to shallow right. Urbina pitching for Rangers. Glanville in center field. Sadler in left field. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Urbina pitching for Rangers. Rivas singled to left. Rivas stole second. Ford struck out swinging. Mientkiewicz singled to right, Rivas to third. Koskie hit sacrifice fly to left, Rivas scored. Hunter walked, Mientkiewicz to second. Mientkiewicz to third, Hunter to second on wild pitch by Urbina. Kielty lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 6 - Rangers 8.	Texas 8, Minnesota 6