Rangers - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Young popped out to second. Blalock walked. Rodriguez grounded out to second, Blalock to second. Palmeiro singled to right, Blalock thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Anderson flied out to left. Perez struck out swinging. Huff flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Gonzalez hit by pitch. Teixeira doubled to deep left center, Gonzalez to third. Spencer ran for Gonzalez. Glanville doubled to left, Spencer and Teixeira scored. Nix flied out to deep right, Glanville to third. Diaz singled to left, Glanville scored. Young doubled to deep right center, Diaz to third. Blalock hit sacrifice fly to deep left, Diaz scored. Rodriguez walked. Palmeiro struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Spencer in right field. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Baldelli flied out to right. Lee flied out to right. Rolls flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Spencer struck out looking. Teixeira doubled to deep center. Glanville struck out swinging. Nix grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Martin flied out to right. Valentin singled to center. Lugo doubled to left, Valentin to third. Anderson hit sacrifice fly to left, Valentin scored. Perez doubled to left, Lugo scored. Perez to third on wild pitch by Benoit, Perez scored on throwing error by catcher Diaz. Huff walked. Baldelli singled to left, Huff to second. Lee grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Diaz hit by pitch. Young hit by pitch, Diaz to second. Blalock lined out to first. Rodriguez struck out swinging, Diaz to third, Young to second on wild pitch by Zambrano. Palmeiro intentionally walked. Spencer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Rolls flied out to right. Martin singled to center. Valentin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martin out at second. Lugo singled to left, Valentin to third. Anderson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Teixeira flied out to right. Glanville singled to left. Nix fouled out to third. Diaz hit by pitch, Glanville to second. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Perez struck out looking. Huff walked. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Baldelli grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Huff out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Blalock grounded out to first. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Palmeiro fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Lee walked. Rolls grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lee out at second. Martin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Spencer grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira struck out swinging. Glanville safe at first on error by shortstop Lugo. Nix walked, Glanville to second. Diaz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Valentin grounded out to second. Lugo grounded out to third. Anderson singled to left. Levine pitching for Devil Rays. Perez fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Levine pitching for Devil Rays. Young safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo. Blalock singled to left, Young to third. Rodriguez fouled out to first. Palmeiro grounded into fielder's choice to first, Young scored, Blalock out at second. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Spencer grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Huff grounded out to third. Baldelli grounded out to shortstop. Lee walked. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Rolls struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Teixeira popped out to third. Glanville singled to right. Nix struck out swinging. Diaz singled to center, Glanville to second. Young doubled to left, Glanville and Diaz scored, Young to third advancing on throw. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Blalock grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Martin walked. Diaz hit for Lugo. Valentin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martin out at second. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 7 - Devil Rays 3.	Zambrano ties dubious AL mark in Devil Rays' loss