Indians - Top 1st. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Crisp singled to right. Blake singled to left, Crisp to second. Bradley tripled to left center, Crisp and Blake scored. Broussard popped out to shortstop. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop, Bradley scored. Hafner doubled to deep left center. Laker walked. Santos struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Indians. Young flied out to shallow right. Blalock popped out to shallow left. Rodriguez homered to center. Palmeiro homered to right. Spencer singled to left. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to third, Spencer out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Crisp singled to center. Blake struck out swinging. Bradley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Indians. Thames grounded out to shortstop. Nivar safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Peralta. Diaz singled to right, Nivar to third. Young singled to left, Nivar scored, Diaz to second. Blalock flied out to center, Diaz to third. Rodriguez singled to center, Diaz scored, Young to third. Palmeiro grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 3rd. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Broussard grounded out to pitcher. Ludwick homered to right. Hafner grounded out to second. Laker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Indians. Spencer singled to center. Teixeira flied out to left, Spencer thrown out at second. Thames singled to center. Nivar safe at first on error by catcher Laker, Thames to second. Diaz homered to left, Thames and Nivar scored. Young flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 4th. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Santos struck out swinging. Peralta grounded out to third. Boyd pitching for Indians. Crisp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Boyd pitching for Indians. Blalock safe at first on error by first baseman Broussard. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Blalock out at second. Palmeiro singled to shallow right. Spencer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 5th. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Blake singled to right center. Bradley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Blake out at second. Broussard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Boyd pitching for Indians. Teixeira singled to right. Thames popped out to shortstop. Nivar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Teixeira out at second. Diaz flied out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. Hafner grounded out to second. Laker popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Boyd pitching for Indians. Young flied out to right center. Blalock walked. Rodriguez singled to center, Blalock to second. Stanford pitching for Indians. Palmeiro reached on infield single to second, Rodriguez hit by batted ball out at second, Blalock to third. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Spencer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Santos grounded out to second. Peralta popped out to shallow center. Crisp lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Teixeira flied out to deep right. Thames hit by pitch. Nivar tripled to deep left, Thames scored. Riske pitching for Indians. Diaz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nivar out at home, Diaz to second advancing on play. Ro Garcia pitching for Rangers. Sadler in left field. Spencer in right field. Young popped out to shallow center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Garcia pitching for Rangers. Blake homered to left center. Bradley singled to left. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Broussard flied out to left center. Ludwick flied out to shallow right. Baez pitching for Indians. Hafner grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Baez pitching for Indians. Blalock lined out to center. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Palmeiro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Laker grounded out to shortstop. Martinez hit for Santos. Gerut hit for Peralta. Martinez singled to center. McDonald ran for Martinez. Gerut safe at first on error by pitcher Cordero, McDonald to second. Crisp struck out swinging. Blake struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 5 - Rangers 8.	A-Rod, Palmeiro continue HR tear in Rangers' win