Rangers - Top 1st. Santana pitching for Twins. Young singled to right. Spencer singled to left, Young to second. Rodriguez fouled out to first. Palmeiro struck out swinging. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Callaway pitching for Rangers. Stewart doubled to right. Rivas sacrificed to first, Stewart to third. Mientkiewicz hit sacrifice fly to left, Stewart scored. LeCroy grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Santana pitching for Twins. Jones fouled out to third. Blalock struck out looking. Christenson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Callaway pitching for Rangers. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second. Koskie walked, Hunter to second. Pierzynski singled to right, Hunter scored, Koskie to third. Guzman safe at first on error by second baseman Young, Koskie scored, Pierzynski to third. Stewart hit sacrifice fly to left, Pierzynski scored. Guzman to second on wild pitch by Callaway. Rivas walked. Mientkiewicz grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 3rd. Santana pitching for Twins. Laird singled to center. Young flied out to right. Spencer singled to center, Laird to second. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third, Laird to third, Spencer to second. Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop, Laird scored, Spencer to third, Rodriguez to second. Spencer scored, Rodriguez to third on wild pitch by Santana. Teixeira flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Callaway pitching for Rangers. LeCroy grounded out to third. Jones singled to left. Jones stole second. Hunter struck out swinging. Koskie walked. Pierzynski reached on infield single to shortstop, Jones to third, Koskie to second. Guzman tripled to right, Jones, Koskie and Pierzynski scored, Guzman scored on error by catcher Laird. Ro Garcia pitching for Rangers. Stewart walked. Rivas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stewart out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 4th. Santana pitching for Twins. Jones doubled to right. Blalock struck out looking. Christenson walked. Laird walked, Jones to third, Christenson to second. Young homered to left, Jones, Christenson and Laird scored. Spencer flied out to center. Rodriguez homered to center. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Palmeiro struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Mientkiewicz popped out to shallow left. LeCroy grounded out to first. Rincon pitching for Twins. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Rincon pitching for Twins. Teixeira flied out to deep right center. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Blalock grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Hunter singled to right. Koskie walked, Hunter to second. Pierzynski sacrificed to catcher, Hunter to third, Koskie to second. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hunter out at home, Koskie to third. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Stewart flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Rincon pitching for Twins. Christenson flied out to center. Laird struck out looking. Young bunt popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Rivas tripled to deep right center. Mientkiewicz hit sacrifice fly to right, Rivas scored. LeCroy homered to left. Ramirez pitching for Rangers. Jones grounded out to second. Hunter fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Rincon pitching for Twins. Spencer struck out looking. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Palmeiro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Rangers. Koskie struck out looking. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop. Hawkins pitching for Twins. Guzman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Hawkins pitching for Twins. Teixeira flied out to left center. Jones singled to center. Blalock fouled out to left. Powell pitching for Rangers. Christenson bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Powell pitching for Rangers. Stewart flied out to center. Rivas grounded out to third. Guardado pitching for Twins. Mientkiewicz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Guardado pitching for Twins. Laird struck out swinging. Young singled to left. Spencer flied out to right. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 7 - Twins 10.	Minnesota 10, Texas 7