Angels - Top 1st. Eckstein reached on infield single to second. Eckstein caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Figgins grounded out to second. Davanon homered to right. Salmon doubled to deep center. Spiezio singled to center, Salmon scored. Kennedy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Young grounded out to shortstop. Blalock walked. Rodriguez hit by pitch, Blalock to second. Palmeiro fouled out to first. Teixeira singled to right, Blalock scored, Rodriguez to second, Rodriguez to third on error by right fielder Davanon. Nix struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 2nd. Wooten walked. Riggs grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wooten out at second. Amezaga singled to right. Eckstein popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Spencer flied out to left. Greene struck out swinging. Christenson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Figgins grounded out to first. Davanon popped out to third. Salmon walked. Spiezio singled to shallow center, Salmon to third. Kennedy walked, Spiezio to second. Wooten grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kennedy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Young grounded out to shortstop. Blalock struck out swinging. Rodriguez walked. Palmeiro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Riggs singled to left. Amezaga grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Riggs out at second. Eckstein flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Teixeira tripled to deep right center. Nix walked. Spencer popped out to first. Greene hit sacrifice fly to center, Teixeira scored. Nix stole second. Christenson fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Figgins struck out swinging. Davanon walked. Salmon struck out swinging, Davanon stole second. Spiezio grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Young reached on infield single to shortstop. Blalock flied out to center, Young to second. Rodriguez homered to left, Young scored. Palmeiro flied out to center. Teixeira homered to right. Nix popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Kennedy grounded out to shortstop. Wooten grounded out to third. Riggs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Spencer lined out to center. Greene grounded out to third. Ramirez pitching for Rangers. Christenson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Amezaga singled to shallow center. Eckstein grounded out to second, Amezaga to second. Figgins doubled to center, Amezaga scored. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Davanon singled to center, Figgins to third. Salmon doubled to left, Figgins scored, Davanon to third. Spiezio intentionally walked. Kennedy singled to right, Davanon and Salmon scored, Spiezio to third. Ro Garcia pitching for Rangers. Wooten doubled to left, Spiezio and Kennedy scored. Riggs flied out to center. Amezaga reached on infield single to third, Wooten to third. Wooten scored, Amezaga to second on wild pitch by Ro Garcia. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Owens in left field. Eckstein fouled out to third. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Young homered to left. Blalock reached on infield single to third. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher, Blalock to second. Palmeiro grounded out to second, Blalock to third. Teixeira grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Figgins walked. Davanon grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Figgins out at second. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Salmon singled to center. Spiezio walked, Salmon to second. Dominguez pitching for Rangers. Kennedy reached on infield single to second, Salmon to third, Spiezio to second. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Wooten grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kennedy out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Nix popped out to shortstop. Spencer doubled to deep right. Jones hit for Christenson. Greene popped out to second. Nix in center field. Jones in right field. Jones grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Owens walked. Owens caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Amezaga walked. Eckstein singled to shallow right, Amezaga to third. Figgins walked, Eckstein to second. Davanon singled to shallow right, Amezaga scored, Eckstein to third, Figgins to second. Durrington ran for Salmon. Salmon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eckstein scored, Davanon out at second, Figgins to third. Spiezio walked, Durrington to second. Percival pitching for Angels. Kennedy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Young popped out to second. Blalock struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 11 - Rangers 6.	Anaheim 11, Texas 6