Yankees - Top 1st. Davis pitching for Reds. Gardner safe at first on error by pitcher Davis. Hicks singled to right, Gardner to second. Holliday struck out swinging. Ellsbury walked, Gardner to third, Hicks to second. Sánchez singled to left, Gardner and Hicks scored, Ellsbury to third. Gregorius singled to right, Ellsbury scored, Sánchez to second. Headley grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gregorius out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Hamilton singled to left. Cozart singled to right, Hamilton to third. Votto singled to shallow right, Hamilton scored, Cozart to second. Duvall flied out to center. Suárez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Votto out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Davis pitching for Reds. Torreyes singled to center. Tanaka sacrificed to first, Torreyes to second. Gardner grounded out to pitcher. Hicks singled to center, Torreyes scored. Holliday grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Schebler struck out swinging. Peraza flied out to left. Barnhart doubled to left. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Davis pitching for Reds. Ellsbury walked. Sánchez walked, Ellsbury to second. Gregorius flied out to center, Sánchez out at second, Ellsbury to third. Headley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Hamilton struck out looking. Cozart struck out swinging. Votto lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Davis pitching for Reds. Torreyes struck out swinging. Tanaka struck out swinging. Gardner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Duvall safe at first on error by first baseman Holliday. Suárez singled to left, Duvall to second. Schebler reached on infield single to second, Duvall to third, Suárez to second. Peraza popped out to second. Barnhart grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Schebler out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. Davis pitching for Reds. Hicks grounded out to first. Holliday singled to center. Ellsbury singled to center, Holliday to second. Brice pitching for Reds. Sánchez singled to left, Holliday to third, Ellsbury to second. Gregorius hit sacrifice fly to left, Holliday scored, Ellsbury to third. Headley lined out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Alcántara hit for Brice. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Alcántara singled to right. Hamilton flied out to left. Cozart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Alcántara out at second. Votto safe at first on error by third baseman Headley, Cozart to third. Duvall singled to left, Cozart scored, Votto to second. Suárez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Duvall out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Wood pitching for Reds. Torreyes flied out to left. Tanaka struck out looking. Gardner grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Schebler grounded out to shortstop. Peraza grounded out to shortstop. Barnhart struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Storen pitching for Reds. Hicks hit by pitch. Holliday walked, Hicks to second. Ellsbury lined out to center. Sánchez hit by pitch, Hicks to third, Holliday to second. Gregorius lined out to third. Headley hit by pitch, Hicks scored, Holliday to third, Sánchez to second. Torreyes singled to center, Holliday scored, Sánchez thrown out at home, Headley to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Mesoraco hit for Storen. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Mesoraco singled to left center. Hamilton grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Mesoraco out at second. Cozart walked. Votto homered to center (415 feet), Cozart scored. Duvall struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Astin pitching for Reds. Castro hit for Tanaka. Castro singled to left. Gardner homered to right (413 feet), Castro scored. Hicks grounded out to first. Holliday homered to center (420 feet). Ellsbury walked. Sánchez reached on infield single to third, Ellsbury to second. Gregorius grounded out to third, Ellsbury to third, Sánchez to second. Carter hit for Headley. Carter walked. Torreyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Carter out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Clippard pitching for Yankees. Carter at first base. Torreyes at third base. Castro at second base. Suárez fouled out to first. Schebler lined out to right. Peraza lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Peralta pitching for Reds. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Gardner walked. Hicks grounded out to pitcher, Gardner to second. Romine hit for Clippard. Romine flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 9th. Romine at first base. Layne pitching for Yankees. Barnhart reached on infield single to second. Kivlehan hit for Peralta. Kivlehan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Barnhart out at second. Hamilton grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kivlehan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 10 - Reds 4.	No snoozing: Yankees pull all-nighter, beat Reds 10-4