Reds - Top 1st. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Hamilton reached on bunt single to pitcher. Hamilton stole second. Cozart struck out swinging. Votto grounded out to third, Hamilton to third. Duvall singled to center, Hamilton scored. Suárez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Bonilla pitching for Reds. Pillar flied out to right. Donaldson walked. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Donaldson out at second. Morales grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Schebler flied out to center. Mesoraco struck out swinging. Gennett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Bonilla pitching for Reds. Smoak singled to center. Martin homered to right (349 feet), Smoak scored. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Travis flied out to right. Carrera walked. Pillar grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Peraza grounded out to pitcher. Hamilton struck out swinging. Cozart flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Bonilla pitching for Reds. Donaldson reached on infield single to third. Donaldson to second on wild pitch by Bonilla. Bautista walked. Morales walked, Donaldson to third, Bautista to second. Smoak grounded out to first, Donaldson scored, Bautista to third, Morales to second. Martin walked. Stephenson pitching for Reds. Tulowitzki homered to left (411 feet), Bautista, Morales and Martin scored. Travis singled to left. Carrera singled to shallow right, Travis to second. Pillar grounded into double play, third to second to first, Carrera out at second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Votto grounded out to second. Duvall struck out swinging. Suárez singled to left. Schebler singled to center, Suárez to second. Mesoraco grounded into fielder's choice to second, Schebler out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Stephenson pitching for Reds. Donaldson flied out to center. Bautista doubled to deep left. Morales walked. Smoak homered to right (363 feet), Bautista and Morales scored. Martin singled to left, Martin out stretching at second. Tulowitzki flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Gennett hit by pitch. Peraza lined into double play, to first, Gennett doubled off first. Hamilton lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Stephenson pitching for Reds. Travis doubled to deep right. Carrera singled to deep right, Travis to third. Travis scored, Carrera to second on balk by Stephenson. Pillar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Carrera to third, Pillar to second on error by third baseman Suárez. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop, Carrera scored. Bautista reached on infield single to first, Pillar to third. Morales singled to left center, Pillar scored, Bautista to second. Buchanan pitching for Reds. Smoak singled to shallow right center, Bautista to third, Morales to second. Martin struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Smoak out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 6th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Cozart grounded out to shortstop. Votto grounded out to first. Duvall homered to right (361 feet). Suárez grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Alcántara in center field. Kivlehan at first base. Buchanan pitching for Reds. Travis grounded out to shortstop. Carrera singled to left. Pillar flied out to left. Donaldson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Leone pitching for Blue Jays. Schebler grounded out to second. Mesoraco flied out to center. Gennett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Barney hit for Bautista. Buchanan pitching for Reds. Barney grounded out to shortstop. Morales doubled to left. Smoak grounded out to shortstop, Morales to third. Martin doubled to left, Morales scored. Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop, Martin to third. Goins ran for Tulowitzki. Travis singled to shallow right, Martin scored, Goins to second. Carrera singled to left, Goins to third, Travis to second. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Maile catching. Barney in left field. Martin at third base. Goins at shortstop. Carrera in right field. Leone pitching for Blue Jays. Peraza popped out to third. Alcántara flied out to center. Cozart walked. Kivlehan fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Buchanan pitching for Reds. Maile grounded out to pitcher. Barney grounded out to third. Morales doubled to deep right center. Smoak walked. Martin hit by pitch, Morales to third, Smoak to second. Goins singled to left center, Morales scored, Smoak to third, Martin to second. Travis singled to right center, Smoak scored, Martin to third, Goins to second. Carrera grounded into fielder's choice to first, Travis out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Howell pitching for Blue Jays. Duvall grounded out to third. Suárez struck out looking. Schebler singled to right. Schebler to second on passed ball by Maile. Mesoraco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 2 - Blue Jays 17.	Tulowitzki hits grand slam, Jays rout Reds 17-2