Reds - Top 1st. Ross pitching for Nationals. Hamilton struck out looking. Gennett singled to center. Votto lined out to left. Duvall walked, Gennett to second. Suárez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Bailey pitching for Reds. Turner singled to right. Goodwin walked, Turner to second. Harper struck out swinging. Zimmerman doubled to deep right center, Turner and Goodwin scored. Murphy lined out to first. Rendon safe at first on error by second baseman Gennett, Zimmerman to third. Wieters grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 2nd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Schebler grounded out to second. Peraza singled to center. Barnhart singled to right, Peraza to third. Bailey sacrificed to pitcher, Barnhart to second. Hamilton lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Bailey pitching for Reds. Taylor singled to right. Ross sacrificed to catcher, Taylor to second. Turner singled to right, Taylor scored. Goodwin walked. Harper struck out swinging. Zimmerman walked, Turner to third, Goodwin to second. Murphy doubled to deep right, Turner, Goodwin and Zimmerman scored. Rendon doubled to left, Murphy scored. Bonilla pitching for Reds. Wieters singled to right, Rendon scored, Wieters thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 3rd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Gennett flied out to center. Votto lined out to second. Duvall struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Bonilla pitching for Reds. Taylor flied out to right. Ross flied out to left. Turner singled to left. Goodwin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Suárez grounded out to shortstop. Schebler grounded out to third. Peraza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Bonilla pitching for Reds. Harper struck out swinging. Zimmerman struck out swinging, Zimmerman safe at first on wild pitch by Bonilla. Murphy grounded out to second, Zimmerman to second. Rendon walked. Wieters singled to right, Zimmerman scored, Rendon to third, Rendon scored, Wieters to third on throwing error by right fielder Schebler. Taylor homered to center (439 feet), Wieters scored. Ross struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 5th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Barnhart doubled to left center. Bonilla struck out swinging. Hamilton singled to center, Barnhart to third. Gennett grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hamilton out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Kivlehan at first base. Bonilla pitching for Reds. Turner singled to left. Goodwin struck out swinging. Harper singled to right, Turner to second. Zimmerman reached on infield single to second, Turner to third, Harper to second. Murphy hit sacrifice fly to left, Turner scored. Rendon singled to left, Harper to third, Zimmerman to second. Wieters grounded out to second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Kivlehan homered to left (358 feet). Duvall lined out to center. Suárez flied out to center. Schebler grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Alcántara in right field. Hernández pitching for Reds. Taylor homered to right (412 feet). Ross struck out swinging. Turner walked. Goodwin lined out to left. Raburn hit for Harper. Raburn struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Goodwin in right field. Raburn in left field. Lind at first base. Ross pitching for Nationals. Peraza lined out to right. Turner hit for Barnhart. Turner popped out to shortstop. Alcántara struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Turner catching. Hernandez pitching for Reds. Lind grounded out to third. Murphy flied out to center. Drew hit for Rendon. Drew walked. Wieters flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Drew at third base. Difo at second base. Blanton pitching for Nationals. Hamilton singled to right center. Gennett doubled to deep right center, Hamilton to third. Kivlehan reached on infield single to second, Hamilton scored, Gennett to third. Duvall popped out to shortstop. Suárez hit sacrifice fly to center, Gennett scored. Mesoraco hit for Hernández. Kivlehan to second on fielder's indifference. Mesoraco reached on infield single to shortstop. Peraza popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Wood pitching for Reds. Taylor doubled to left. Difo singled to center, Taylor to third. Turner singled to right, Taylor scored, Difo to second. Goodwin doubled to deep right, Difo scored, Turner to third. Raburn walked. Lind hit sacrifice fly to right, Turner scored, Goodwin to third. Lobatón hit for Blanton. Lobatón hit sacrifice fly to right, Goodwin scored. Drew struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Turner pitching for Nationals. Turner flied out to right. Alcántara grounded out to second. Hamilton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 3 - Nationals 18.	Taylor homers twice, Nats clobber Reds 18-3