Reds - Top 1st. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Hamilton tripled to deep right. Gennett walked. Votto singled to center, Hamilton scored, Gennett to third. Duvall struck out swinging. Suárez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Votto out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Romano pitching for Reds. Tapia reached on infield single to first. LeMahieu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tapia out at second. Blackmon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Schebler singled to left. Peraza sacrificed to pitcher, Schebler to second. Turner walked. Romano sacrificed to third, Schebler to third, Turner to second. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Romano pitching for Reds. González lined out to left. Reynolds singled to right center. Valaika grounded out to second, Reynolds to second. Story singled to center, Reynolds scored. Wolters struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Gennett hit ground rule double to deep center. Votto walked. Duvall hit into fielder's choice to right, Votto out at second, Gennett to third. Suárez singled to center, Gennett scored, Duvall to second. Schebler grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Suárez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Romano pitching for Reds. Chatwood struck out swinging. Tapia struck out swinging. LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Peraza grounded out to shortstop. Turner singled to center. Romano bunted into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second, Turner out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Romano pitching for Reds. Blackmon singled to deep right. González struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. Blackmon caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher to second. Valaika batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. Gennett walked. Votto struck out swinging. Duvall doubled to deep right center, Gennett scored. Suárez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Romano pitching for Reds. Valaika struck out looking. Story reached on bunt single to pitcher. Wolters doubled to deep right, Story scored. Chatwood grounded out to first, Wolters to third. Tapia walked. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Schebler struck out swinging. Peraza singled to center. Turner fouled out to first. Kivlehan hit for Romano. Kivlehan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Peralta pitching for Reds. Blackmon grounded out to first. González grounded out to third. Reynolds flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. Gennett struck out swinging. Votto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Lorenzen pitching for Reds. Valaika struck out swinging. Story safe at first on error by shortstop Peraza. Wolters grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Story out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 8th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Duvall homered to right (423 feet). Suárez singled to center. Schebler doubled to deep right, Suárez scored. Peraza grounded out to third. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Turner struck out swinging. Cozart hit for Lorenzen. Cozart doubled to left, Schebler scored. Hamilton flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Iglesias pitching for Reds. Tauchman hit for Lyles. Tauchman struck out swinging. Tapia doubled to right, Tapia to third on error by right fielder Schebler. LeMahieu hit sacrifice fly to center, Tapia scored. Blackmon singled to deep right. Blackmon stole second, Blackmon safe at third on throwing error by catcher Turner. González struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Dunn pitching for Rockies. Gennett struck out swinging. Votto walked. Duvall struck out looking. Suárez doubled to left, Votto to third. Schebler grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Iglesias pitching for Reds. Reynolds struck out swinging. Valaika flied out to left. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 6 - Rockies 3.	Romano gets first major league win, Reds beat Rockies 6-3