Reds - Top 1st. Severino pitching for Yankees. Hamilton struck out swinging. Gennett fouled out to third. Votto singled to center. Duvall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Bailey pitching for Reds. Gardner grounded out to first. Frazier flied out to center. Sánchez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Severino pitching for Yankees. Schebler struck out swinging. Suárez grounded out to third. Mesoraco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Bailey pitching for Reds. Holliday grounded out to second. Gregorius popped out to second. Headley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Severino pitching for Yankees. Barnhart struck out swinging. Peraza grounded out to pitcher. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Bailey pitching for Reds. Frazier reached on infield single to third. Ellsbury grounded into double play, third to second to first, Frazier out at second. Torreyes singled to center. Gardner reached on infield single to second, Torreyes to second. Frazier singled to shallow right, Torreyes scored, Gardner to third. Sánchez lined out to center. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Gennett struck out swinging. Votto singled to left. Duvall flied out to center. Schebler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Holliday grounded out to second. Gregorius lined out to center. Headley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Suárez walked. Mesoraco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suárez out at second. Barnhart struck out looking. Peraza grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mesoraco out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Frazier grounded out to third. Ellsbury flied out to left. Torreyes singled to deep left. Gardner singled to left, Torreyes to second. Frazier singled to left, Torreyes scored, Gardner to second. Sánchez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Frazier out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Hamilton lined out to shortstop. Gennett grounded out to first. Votto walked. Duvall grounded into fielder's choice to third, Votto out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Holliday grounded out to third. Gregorius safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Peraza. Headley singled to right center, Gregorius scored. Frazier hit by pitch, Headley to second. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to first, Headley to third, Frazier safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Votto. Torreyes grounded out to shortstop, Headley scored, Frazier to third, Ellsbury to second. Gardner popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Schebler safe at first on error by shortstop Gregorius. Suárez doubled to left, Schebler scored. Suárez to third on wild pitch by Severino. Mesoraco struck out swinging. Barnhart grounded out to first, Suárez scored. Peraza grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Frazier walked. Sánchez doubled to left, Frazier scored, Sánchez to third advancing on throw. Holliday singled to left, Sánchez scored. Cingrani pitching for Reds. Gregorius homered to right (332 feet), Holliday scored. Headley lined out to center. Frazier homered to left (388 feet). Ellsbury struck out swinging. Wojciechowski pitching for Reds. Torreyes struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Cessa pitching for Yankees. Hamilton grounded out to second. Gennett struck out swinging, Gennett safe at first on wild pitch by Cessa. Votto walked, Gennett to second. Duvall homered to right (328 feet), Gennett and Votto scored. Schebler grounded out to shortstop. Suárez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Wojciechowski pitching for Reds. Gardner walked. Frazier struck out swinging. Gardner stole second. Sánchez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gardner out at third. Iglesias pitching for Reds. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Mesoraco struck out swinging. Barnhart flied out to left. Peraza grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 5 - Yankees 9.	Severino, homers lead Yankees past Reds 9-5