Reds - Top 1st. Quintana pitching for Cubs. Hamilton grounded out to third. Cozart walked. Votto grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cozart out at second. Duvall struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Wojciechowski pitching for Reds. Jay singled to right center. La Stella flied out to right. Bryant doubled to deep left, Jay to third. Rizzo singled to left, Jay and Bryant scored, Rizzo to second advancing on throw. Schwarber struck out swinging. Avila flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Quintana pitching for Cubs. Suárez walked. Gennett singled to left center, Suárez to second. Mesoraco hit by pitch, Suárez to third, Gennett to second. Kivlehan grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Suárez scored on throwing error by pitcher Quintana, Gennett to third, Mesoraco to second. Barnhart ran for Mesoraco. Wojciechowski struck out swinging. Hamilton singled to left, Gennett scored, Barnhart thrown out at home, Kivlehan to second. Cozart walked, Kivlehan to third, Hamilton to second. Votto grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Barnhart catching. Wojciechowski pitching for Reds. Heyward grounded out to shortstop. Báez grounded out to third. Quintana struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Quintana pitching for Cubs. Duvall hit by pitch. Suárez flied out to left. Duvall caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Gennett grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Wojciechowski pitching for Reds. Jay doubled to deep right. La Stella singled to right, Jay to third. Bryant struck out swinging. Rizzo popped out to second. Schwarber hit by pitch, La Stella to second. Avila lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Quintana pitching for Cubs. Barnhart singled to center. Kivlehan struck out looking. La Stella at first base. Rizzo at second base. Wojciechowski struck out looking. La Stella at second base. Rizzo at first base. Hamilton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Wojciechowski pitching for Reds. Heyward reached on infield single to second. Báez struck out swinging. Quintana struck out bunting foul. Jay tripled to shallow right, Heyward scored. La Stella singled to center, Jay scored. Bryant homered to left center (381 feet), La Stella scored. Rizzo homered to right center (430 feet). Shackelford pitching for Reds. Schwarber walked. Avila struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Quintana pitching for Cubs. Cozart fouled out to first. Votto doubled to right. Duvall grounded out to pitcher, Votto to third. Suárez walked. Gennett lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Shackelford pitching for Reds. Heyward grounded out to first. Báez struck out swinging. Quintana grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Montgomery pitching for Cubs. Barnhart grounded out to shortstop. Kivlehan grounded out to second. Shackelford grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Reds. Jay flied out to center. La Stella lined out to center. Bryant walked. Rizzo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Montgomery pitching for Cubs. Hamilton grounded out to third. Cozart flied out to left. Votto singled to right. Duvall flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Storen pitching for Reds. Schwarber hit by pitch. Avila lined out to shortstop. Heyward reached on infield single to shortstop, Schwarber to second. Báez reached on infield single to third, Schwarber to third, Heyward to second. Montgomery doubled to shallow left, Schwarber and Heyward scored, Báez to third. Jay intentionally walked. La Stella hit sacrifice fly to deep right, Báez scored, Montgomery to third, Jay to second, La Stella to first on error by right fielder Kivlehan. Bryant flied out to center. Rizzo singled to center, Montgomery and Jay scored, La Stella to third. Lorenzen pitching for Reds. Schwarber singled to shallow right, La Stella scored, Rizzo to second. Avila lined out to left. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 8th. Montgomery pitching for Cubs. Suárez walked. Gennett homered to left center (360 feet), Suárez scored. Barnhart walked. Kivlehan singled to left, Barnhart to second. Peraza hit for Lorenzen. Peraza flied out to right, Barnhart to third. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Barnhart scored, Kivlehan out at second. Grimm pitching for Cubs. Cozart struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Peraza at second base. Gennett pitching for Reds. Heyward walked. Báez homered to left (390 feet), Heyward scored. Grimm grounded out to third. Jay flied out to center. La Stella singled to right center. Happ hit for Bryant. Happ hit by pitch, La Stella to second. Caratini hit for Rizzo. Caratini grounded into fielder's choice to first, Happ out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. La Stella at third base. Happ at second base. Caratini at first base. Grimm pitching for Cubs. Votto singled to shallow right. Duvall walked, Votto to second. Suárez fouled out to catcher. Gennett grounded out to second, Votto to third, Duvall to second. Barnhart grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 5 - Cubs 15.	Homers by Bryant, Rizzo power Cubs to 15-5 rout of Reds