Mets - Top 1st. Romano pitching for Reds. Reyes walked. Nimmo struck out swinging. Reyes to second on wild pitch by Romano. Cabrera doubled to left, Reyes scored. Flores lined out to center. d'Arnaud lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Flexen pitching for Mets. Hamilton grounded out to second. Cozart reached on infield single to shortstop. Votto walked, Cozart to second. Duvall struck out swinging. Gennett walked, Cozart to third, Votto to second. Suárez singled to left, Cozart scored, Votto to third, Gennett to second. Schebler homered to right (388 feet), Votto, Gennett and Suárez scored. Barnhart struck out looking. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Romano pitching for Reds. Smith grounded out to first. Rosario grounded out to second. Lagares lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Flexen pitching for Mets. Romano struck out swinging. Hamilton doubled to left. Cozart lined out to center, Hamilton to third. Votto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Romano pitching for Reds. Flexen singled to center. Reyes singled to right, Flexen to second. Nimmo struck out looking. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to first, Reyes out at second, Flexen to third. Flores flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Flexen pitching for Mets. Duvall flied out to right. Gennett flied out to right. Suárez doubled to left. Schebler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Romano pitching for Reds. d'Arnaud flied out to right. Smith grounded out to first. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Flexen pitching for Mets. Barnhart lined out to right. Romano struck out swinging. Hamilton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Romano pitching for Reds. Lagares grounded out to third. Flexen struck out swinging. Reyes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Flexen pitching for Mets. Cozart singled to center. Votto walked, Cozart to second. Duvall grounded into double play, third to second to first, Votto out at second, Cozart to third. Gennett reached on infield single to third, Cozart scored. Suárez walked, Gennett to second. Smoker pitching for Mets. Schebler singled to right, Gennett scored, Suárez to third, Schebler to second on throwing error by right fielder Nimmo. Barnhart intentionally walked. Romano struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 6th. Romano pitching for Reds. Nimmo lined out to left. Cabrera walked. Flores popped out to first. d'Arnaud doubled to deep left, Cabrera to third. Smith singled to right, Cabrera and d'Arnaud scored. Rosario singled to right, Smith to second. Lagares struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Smoker pitching for Mets. Hamilton struck out swinging. Cozart walked. Votto walked, Cozart to second. Reyes at shortstop. Reynolds in left field. Familia pitching for Mets. Duvall struck out swinging. Gennett flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Storen pitching for Reds. Reynolds flied out to left. Reyes walked. Reyes caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Nimmo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Familia pitching for Mets. Suárez grounded out to shortstop. Schebler struck out swinging. Barnhart walked. Kivlehan hit for Storen. Kivlehan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Shackelford pitching for Reds. Cabrera grounded out to second. Flores singled to left. d'Arnaud flied out to left. Peralta pitching for Reds. Smith singled to left, Flores to third. Taijeron hit for Familia. Smith to second on wild pitch by Peralta. Taijeron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Bradford pitching for Mets. Hamilton reached on infield single to shortstop. Cozart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hamilton safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Flores. Votto singled to center, Hamilton scored, Cozart to second. Duvall homered to left (378 feet), Cozart and Votto scored. Gennett doubled to deep center. Suárez singled to center, Gennett to third. Schebler walked, Suárez to second. Barnhart singled to right center, Gennett scored, Suárez to third, Schebler to second. Ervin hit for Peralta. Plawecki pitching for Mets. Ervin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suárez scored, Barnhart out at second, Schebler to third. Hamilton doubled to deep right, Schebler scored. Cozart safe at first on error by third baseman Flores, Hamilton to third. Votto grounded out to first. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 2 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Chacín pitching for Reds. Lagares struck out swinging. Reynolds walked. Reyes walked, Reynolds to second. Nimmo singled to right, Reynolds to third, Reyes to second. Cabrera singled to right, Reynolds scored, Reyes to third, Nimmo to second. Flores grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 4 - Reds 14.	Schebler leads Reds to 14-4 win, ending 14-game skid vs Mets