Padres - Top 1st . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Vazquez walked . Loretta doubled to right , Vazquez to third . Giles hit sacrifice fly to center , Vazquez scored . Loretta picked off second . Nevin grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Kata popped out to second . Cintron grounded out to first . Gonzalez singled to right . Sexson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Klesko doubled to deep right . Long grounded out to shortstop , Klesko to third . Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to center , Klesko scored . Greene doubled to deep left . Lawrence grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Finley flied out to right . Bautista grounded out to pitcher . Tracy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Vazquez struck out swinging . Loretta singled to left . Giles grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Loretta out at second . Giles stole second . Nevin popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Mayne safe at first on error by shortstop Greene . Dessens sacrificed to pitcher , Mayne to second . Kata singled to left center , Mayne to third . Cintron struck out swinging . Gonzalez doubled to deep right , Mayne and Kata scored , Gonzalez to third advancing on throw . Sexson homered to center , Gonzalez scored . Finley singled to right . Nevin safe at on error by first baseman Nevin , Finley stole secondfirst baseman . Bautista struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Klesko grounded out to third . Long flied out to center . Hernandez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Tracy reached on infield single to second . Mayne grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tracy out at second . Dessens doubled to deep center . Kata walked . Cintron fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Burroughs hit for Lawrence . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Greene grounded out to pitcher . Burroughs struck out swinging . Szuminski pitching for Padres . Vazquez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Szuminski pitching for Padres . Gonzalez flied out to left . Sexson homered to right . Finley walked . Bautista singled to right , Finley to third . Tracy singled to left , Finley scored , Bautista to second . Mayne walked , Bautista to third , Tracy to second . Witasick pitching for Padres . Dessens struck out swinging . Kata singled to right center , Bautista and Tracy scored , Mayne to third . Cintron lined out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Loretta singled to left center . Giles struck out looking . Nevin singled to left center , Loretta to second . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton hit for Long . Klesko singled to right center , Loretta scored , Nevin to third . Payton doubled to deep center , Nevin scored , Klesko to third . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez singled to right , Klesko and Payton scored . Robinson hit for Witasick . Greene doubled to deep right center , Hernandez scored . Robinson struck out swinging . Payton in center field . Oropesa pitching for Padres . Vazquez struck out looking . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Oropesa pitching for Padres . Gonzalez walked . Gonzalez stole second . Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Oropesa . Sexson walked . Osuna pitching for Padres . Finley walked , Sexson to second . Bautista doubled to deep right , Gonzalez and Sexson scored , Finley to third . Tracy fouled out to shortstop . Baerga hit for Villarreal . Mayne walked . Baerga lined out to second . Kata singled to right , Finley and Bautista scored , Mayne to third . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Cintron flied out to left . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Loretta struck out swinging . Giles walked . Nevin singled to center , Giles to second . Klesko grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nevin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Osuna pitching for Padres . Gonzalez doubled to left . Sexson flied out to right , Gonzalez to third . Finley struck out swinging . Bautista grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton flied out to left . Hernandez walked . Buchanan hit for Osuna . Greene grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hernandez out at second . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Buchanan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Tracy flied out to left . Colbrunn hit for Randolph . Mayne grounded out to shortstop . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Colbrunn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Vazquez singled to right . Loretta flied out to left . Giles grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vazquez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 7 - Diamondbacks 12 .	Sexson 's 2 HRs lead D - backs over Padres