Padres - Top 1st . Hampton pitching for Braves . Greene homered to right . Loretta walked . Giles singled to center , Loretta to third . Nevin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Loretta scored , Giles out at second . Payton homered to right . Buchanan grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Wise flied out to left . Derosa singled to center . LaRoche flied out to right . Estrada doubled to deep right , Derosa to third . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Hernandez grounded out to third . Vazquez grounded out to third . Lawrence struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Hessman struck out swinging . Hollins singled to center . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hollins out at second . Hampton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Greene grounded out to third . Loretta reached on infield single to third . Giles singled to left , Loretta to second . Nevin singled to left , Loretta to third , Giles to second . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Loretta scored , Nevin out at second , Giles to third . Buchanan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Payton out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Wise grounded out to first . Derosa grounded out to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Vazquez grounded out to second . Lawrence flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Estrada lined out to shortstop . Jones struck out swinging . Hessman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Greene singled to left . Loretta singled to left , Greene to second . Giles grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Loretta out at second , Greene to third . Nevin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Hollins grounded out to shortstop . Garcia lined out to third . Hampton safe at first on error by shortstop Greene . Wise lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 6th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Payton grounded out to third . Buchanan safe at first on error by third baseman Hessman . Hernandez singled to left , Buchanan to second . Vazquez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernandez out at second , Buchanan to third , Vazquez to first , Buchanan scored on throwing error by second baseman Garcia . Lawrence flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Derosa grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche grounded out to second . Estrada walked . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Greene struck out swinging . Loretta doubled to left . Alfonseca pitching for Braves . Giles singled to right , Loretta scored , Giles to second advancing on throw . Nevin grounded out to shortstop , Giles to third . Payton doubled to deep left center , Giles scored . Buchanan struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Hessman struck out swinging . Hollins singled to center . Franco hit for Alfonseca . Garcia grounded out to shortstop . Franco homered to center , Hollins scored . Cruz pitching for Braves . Wise popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Cruz pitching for Braves . Hernandez singled to center . Robinson hit for Lawrence . Vazquez walked , Hernandez to second . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Robinson in left field . Robinson grounded into triple play , third to second to first , Hernandez out at third , Vazquez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Derosa grounded out to first . LaRoche flied out to center . Nitkowski pitching for Braves . Estrada grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Nitkowski pitching for Braves . Greene grounded out to third . Loretta safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Derosa . Giles grounded out to second , Loretta to second . Witasick pitching for Padres . Nevin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 9th . Witasick pitching for Padres . Jones walked . Hessman doubled to center , Jones to third . Hollins struck out swinging . Jones scored on Witasick 's wild pitch . Perez hit for Nitkowski . Garcia popped out to second . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 7 - Braves 3 .	Padres pound Hampton , top Braves