Padres - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Burroughs singled to right . Loretta flied out to center . Giles singled to center , Burroughs to third . Nevin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Giles out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Germano pitching for Padres . Gonzalez lined out to pitcher . Clayton walked . Sweeney walked , Clayton to second . Castilla struck out swinging . Burnitz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Long singled to left . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Long out at second . Hernandez grounded out to second , Payton to second . Greene doubled to deep center , Payton scored . Germano struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Germano pitching for Padres . Holliday singled to left . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Holliday out at second . Reyes singled to center , Johnson to second . Cook grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Johnson to third , Reyes to second . Gonzalez batting . Clayton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reyes out at home , Cook to third , Gonzalez to second . Sweeney walked , Gonzalez to third , Clayton to second . Castilla grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sweeney out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Burroughs singled to left . Loretta lined out to left . Giles flied out to left . Nevin doubled to left center , Burroughs to third . Long grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Germano pitching for Padres . Burnitz flied out to left . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Johnson walked . Reyes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Payton popped out to shortstop . Hernandez grounded out to third . Greene popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Germano pitching for Padres . Cook grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez singled to center . Clayton flied out to right . Gonzalez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Sweeney batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Germano struck out swinging . Burroughs grounded out to shortstop . Loretta singled to left center . Giles grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Germano pitching for Padres . Sweeney walked . Castilla grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sweeney out at second . Burnitz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Nevin singled to center . Long grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Nevin out at second . Payton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Long out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Germano pitching for Padres . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out swinging . Reyes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Hernandez singled to right . Eaton hit for Germano . Greene walked , Hernandez to second . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Eaton sacrificed to third , Hernandez to third , Greene to second . Reed pitching for Rockies . Burroughs grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hernandez out at home . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Hocking hit for Reed . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Hocking hit for Reed . Loretta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Burroughs out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Hocking grounded out to first . Gonzalez walked . Clayton hit by pitch , Gonzalez to second . Sweeney struck out swinging . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Hocking in left field . Castilla flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Giles flied out to left . Nevin flied out to center . Long flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Hawpe hit for Fuentes . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Burnitz homered to right . Hawpe struck out swinging . Johnson struck out looking . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Reyes flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Payton singled to left . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Payton out at second . Hernandez to second on wild pitch by Chacon . Robinson hit for Linebrink . Greene homered to left center , Hernandez scored . Robinson grounded out to second . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Burroughs struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Hocking struck out looking . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Nunez pitching for Rockies . Pellow in left field . Hocking at second base . Clayton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 10th . Nunez pitching for Rockies . Loretta reached on infield single to third . Giles singled to center , Loretta to third . Nevin hit sacrifice fly to center , Loretta scored . Long grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Giles out at second . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Payton grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 10th . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Sweeney struck out swinging . Castilla flied out to right . Burnitz walked . Burnitz to second on wild pitch by Hoffman . Pellow grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 4 - Rockies 3 .	Greene ends slump as Padres nip Rockies