Padres - Top 1st . Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks . Cirillo grounded out to third . Loretta doubled to deep left . Giles lined out to shortstop . Nevin hit ground rule double to deep right center , Loretta scored . Klesko walked . Payton popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Padres . Hairston lined out to third . Finley homered to right . Bautista singled to left . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Hillenbrand singled to right , Bautista to third . Olson walked , Hillenbrand to second . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Olson out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks . Quintero doubled to center . Greene fouled out to first . Wells safe at first on error by shortstop Olson . Cirillo grounded out to second , Quintero to third , Wells to second . Loretta doubled to deep center , Quintero and Wells scored . Giles walked . Nevin doubled to deep left , Loretta scored , Giles to third . Klesko doubled to deep right center , Giles and Nevin scored , Klesko out stretching at third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Alomar hit for Reynolds . Wells pitching for Padres . Brito struck out swinging . Alomar struck out swinging . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton flied out to center . Quintero grounded out to shortstop . Greene singled to left . Wells struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Padres . Finley struck out looking . Bautista struck out looking . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Cirillo struck out swinging . Loretta grounded out to third . Giles homered to right . Nevin singled to left . Klesko walked , Nevin to second . Payton flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Padres . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Olson flied out to left . Green struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Quintero walked . Greene struck out swinging . Wells sacrificed to pitcher , Quintero to second . Cirillo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Cintron hit for Good . Wells pitching for Padres . Brito doubled to deep right . Cintron popped out to second . Hairston grounded out to shortstop , Brito to third . Brito scored on Wells ' balk . Finley doubled to deep center . Bautista singled to left , Finley scored . Gonzalez reached on infield single to second , Bautista to second . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Loretta singled to left . Giles flied out to center . Nevin walked , Loretta to second . Klesko grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nevin out at second , Loretta to third . Payton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Wells pitching for Padres . Olson homered to left . Green lined out to third . Colbrunn hit for Randolph . Neal pitching for Padres . Long in left field . Brito safe at first on error by shortstop Greene . Colbrunn struck out swinging . Hairston singled to right , Brito to second . Finley walked , Brito to third , Hairston to second . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Bautista struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 7th . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Quintero homered to left . Greene singled to center . Greene stole second . Long grounded out to third . Cirillo struck out looking . Loretta walked . Giles singled to right , Greene scored , Loretta to second . Nevin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Loretta out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Neal pitching for Padres . Gonzalez flied out to left . Hillenbrand hit ground rule double to deep right . Witasick pitching for Padres . Olson doubled to deep left , Hillenbrand scored . Green flied out to left . Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy at third base . Robinson hit for Witasick . Brito struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks . Robinson walked . Payton flied out to center . Quintero singled to right , Robinson to third . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Greene grounded into double play , third to second to first , Quintero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Tracy walked . Hairston grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tracy out at second . Finley singled to left center . Bautista singled to center , Finley to second . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Long flied out to center . Cirillo reached on infield single to second . Loretta reached on infield single to shortstop , Cirillo to second . Giles singled to left , Cirillo scored , Loretta to second . Buchanan hit for Otsuka . Nevin grounded out to second , Loretta to third , Giles to second . Beck pitching for Padres . Buchanan at first base . Buchanan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Beck pitching for Padres . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . Hammock hit for Choate . Olson struck out swinging . Hammock flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 10 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Wells gets win as Padres dispatch D - Backs