Phillies - Top 1st . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Rollins flied out to center . Polanco singled to center . Abreu struck out swinging . Thome struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Myers pitching for Phillies . Burroughs struck out swinging . Loretta safe at first on error by third baseman Bell . Klesko fouled out to catcher . Nevin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 2nd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Burrell flied out to center . Bell grounded out to shortstop . Lieberthal flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Giles grounded out to shortstop . Long singled to left , Long thrown out at second . Greene flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Byrd grounded out to second . Myers grounded out to shortstop . Rollins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Lawrence struck out swinging . Burroughs flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Polanco singled to center . Abreu flied out to left . Thome grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Loretta reached on infield single to third . Klesko reached on infield single to second , Loretta to second , Loretta to third on throwing error by second baseman Polanco . Nevin singled to center , Loretta scored , Klesko to second . Giles grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Nevin out at second , Klesko to third . Long grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 5th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Burrell flied out to left . Bell grounded out to shortstop . Lieberthal grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Greene fouled out to catcher . Hernandez fouled out to third . Lawrence grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Byrd grounded out to pitcher . Myers doubled to right . Rollins flied out to center , Myers to third . Polanco hit by pitch . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Burroughs grounded out to second . Loretta singled to center . Klesko struck out swinging , Loretta stole second . Payton in center field . Long in left field . Nevin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Thome grounded out to first . Burrell singled to right . Bell flied out to right . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Lieberthal walked , Burrell to second . Utley hit for Myers . Byrd singled to center , Burrell scored , Lieberthal to second . Utley singled to right center , Lieberthal scored , Byrd to third , Byrd scored , Utley to second on throwing error by right fielder Giles . Perez at second base . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Rollins struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 7th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Giles grounded out to shortstop . Jones pitching for Phillies . Long struck out looking . Greene singled to right . Beck pitching for Padres . Hernandez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Beck pitching for Padres . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Abreu struck out swinging . Thome homered to left center . Rodriguez pitching for Phillies . Hansen hit for Beck . Burrell popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Phillies . Hansen struck out swinging . Burroughs struck out swinging . Witasick pitching for Padres . Loretta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Witasick pitching for Padres . Bell grounded out to pitcher . Lieberthal walked . Michaels hit for Rodriguez . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lieberthal safe at third on error by shortstop Greene . Michaels reached on infield single to third , Lieberthal scored , Byrd to second . Rollins flied out to right . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Perez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 9th . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Payton reached on infield single to shortstop , Payton to second on throwing error by shortstop Rollins . Nevin popped out to second . Giles singled to center , Payton scored . Long struck out swinging . Greene singled to center , Giles to third . Hernandez fouled out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Phillies 5 - Padres 2 .	Pinch me : Utley drives in go - ahead run for Phils