Giants - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagan flied out to left . Cabrera doubled to deep left . Sandoval flied out to right , Cabrera to third . Posey walked . Huff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Bloomquist singled to right . Young homered to left ( 384 feet ) , Bloomquist scored . Upton struck out looking . Montero struck out swinging . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 419 feet ) . Kubel grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt flied out to left . Theriot reached on infield single to pitcher . Crawford flied out to right . Lincecum walked , Theriot to second . Pagan popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Roberts grounded out to third . Hill safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford . Kennedy sacrificed to first , Hill to second . Bloomquist flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera flied out to center . Sandoval grounded out to shortstop . Posey singled to center . Huff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Young grounded out to second . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Montero singled to right . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt struck out swinging . Theriot flied out to left . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Kubel struck out swinging . Roberts struck out swinging . Hill struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Lincecum struck out swinging . Pagan doubled to right . Cabrera homered to right ( 370 feet ) , Pagan scored . Sandoval flied out to center . Posey grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Kennedy struck out looking . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Young grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Huff singled to right center . Belt singled to right , Huff to second . Theriot sacrificed to pitcher , Huff to third , Belt to second . Crawford grounded out to shortstop , Huff scored , Belt to third . Lincecum popped out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Upton hit ground rule double to deep left . Montero flied out to right , Upton to third . Goldschmidt walked . Kubel safe at first on error by catcher Posey , Goldschmidt to second . Roberts doubled to deep left , Upton and Goldschmidt scored , Kubel to third . Mota pitching for Giants . Hill popped out to second . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 7th . Parra in left field . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagan grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to second . Sandoval reached on infield single to third . Posey singled to shallow left , Sandoval to second . Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Huff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Mota pitching for Giants . Bloomquist singled to left . Bloomquist picked off first . Young grounded out to shortstop . Upton walked . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Montero hit by pitch , Upton to second . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Montero out at second , Upton to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt struck out looking . Theriot flied out to center . Crawford struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Parra grounded out to second . Hensley pitching for Giants . Roberts safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval . Hill struck out swinging . Blum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Blanco reached on infield single to shortstop . Pagan struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blanco out at second . Cabrera to second on fielder 's indifference . Sandoval doubled to deep left center , Cabrera scored . Burriss ran for Sandoval . Posey grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 4 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Young , Goldschmidt homer in D - backs ' win    \n\n