Pirates - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Presley walked . Presley stole second . Barmes grounded out to second , Presley to third . McCutchen walked . Walker grounded into double play , shortstop to first , McCutchen out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Bloomquist tripled to deep right . Hill lined out to second . Kubel singled to center , Bloomquist scored . Montero walked , Kubel to second . Roberts flied out to center , Kubel to third . Overbay flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . McGehee flied out to center . Jones flied out to center . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Pollock flied out to center . Parra fouled out to catcher . Hudson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . McKenry singled to right . McDonald grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , McKenry out at second . Presley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Hill flied out to center . Kubel singled to left center . Montero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes grounded out to second . McCutchen reached on infield single to second . Walker grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , McCutchen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Overbay grounded out to first . Pollock fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . McGehee safe at first on error by third baseman Roberts . Jones flied out to left . Alvarez walked , McGehee to second . McKenry grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alvarez out at second , McGehee to third . McLouth hit for McDonald . McLouth lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Parra lined out to third . Hudson popped out to first . Bloomquist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Presley singled to right . Barmes sacrificed to pitcher , Presley to second . McCutchen struck out swinging . Walker flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Hill tripled to center . Kubel struck out swinging . Montero intentionally walked . Roberts grounded into double play , third to second to first , Montero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . McGehee flied out to center . Jones struck out swinging . Alvarez homered to right ( 380 feet ) . McKenry struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Tabata in right field . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Overbay struck out swinging . Pollock walked . Pollock caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Parra walked . Hudson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Harrison hit for Lincoln . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Harrison flied out to right . Presley struck out swinging . Barmes singled to right center . McCutchen singled to center , Barmes to second . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker singled to right , Barmes scored , McCutchen to third . McGehee fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Resop pitching for Pirates . Bloomquist grounded out to pitcher . Hill reached on infield single to second . Watson pitching for Pirates . Kubel grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hill out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Tabata struck out swinging . Alvarez grounded out to second . McKenry grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Cruz pitching for Pirates . Montero singled to right . Upton ran for Montero . Roberts struck out swinging . Overbay lined out to shortstop . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 2 - Diamondbacks 1 .	Walker , Pirates edge short - handed D - backs