Braves - Top 1st . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Bourn singled to left . Bourn stole second . Prado walked . Freeman flied out to left . McCann flied out to right , Bourn to third . Uggla hit by pitch , Prado to second . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Uggla out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Beachy pitching for Braves . Pollock flied out to right . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Kubel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Heyward grounded out to second . Pastornicky grounded out to first . Beachy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Beachy pitching for Braves . Montero struck out looking . Goldschmidt singled to center . Goldschmidt caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Parra struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Bourn flied out to right . Prado singled to right center . Freeman doubled to deep right , Prado scored . McCann grounded out to first , Freeman to third . Uggla struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Beachy pitching for Braves . Roberts fouled out to first . McDonald grounded out to pitcher . Cahill grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones singled to center . Heyward flied out to right . Pastornicky grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at second . Beachy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Beachy pitching for Braves . Pollock flied out to center . Hill flied out to right . Kubel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Bourn grounded out to second . Prado grounded out to third . Freeman walked . McCann homered to right ( 372 feet ) , Freeman scored . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Beachy pitching for Braves . Montero struck out looking . Goldschmidt singled to center . Parra flied out to left . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones safe at first on error by second baseman Hill . Heyward singled to right , Jones to second . Pastornicky grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Heyward out at second , Jones to third . Beachy grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jones scored , Pastornicky to second . Bourn doubled to deep left , Pastornicky scored , Beachy to third . Prado hit sacrifice fly to center , Beachy scored . Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks . McDonald at third base . Bloomquist at shortstop . Freeman doubled to deep left , Bourn scored . McCann flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Beachy pitching for Braves . McDonald grounded out to third . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Pollock flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks . Uggla grounded out to pitcher . Jones grounded out to second . Heyward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Beachy pitching for Braves . Hill popped out to shortstop . Kubel singled to right . Montero grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Kubel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks . Pastornicky flied out to center . Beachy walked . Bourn struck out swinging . Prado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Beachy pitching for Braves . Goldschmidt walked . Parra popped out to shortstop . Overbay hit for Breslow . Overbay singled to center , Goldschmidt to second . Durbin pitching for Braves . McDonald popped out to first . Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop , Goldschmidt to third , Overbay to second . Pollock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Freeman singled to right . McCann reached on infield single to shortstop , Freeman to second . Uggla singled to deep center , Freeman scored , McCann to second . Jones singled to center , McCann to third , Uggla to second . Francisco ran for Jones . Heyward walked , McCann scored , Uggla to third , Francisco to second . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Pastornicky struck out swinging . Hinske hit for Durbin . Hinske grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Heyward out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Francisco at third base . Kimbrel pitching for Braves . Hill singled to center . Kubel walked , Hill to second . Montero flied out to center , Hill to third . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hill scored , Kubel out at second . Parra flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 9 - Diamondbacks 1 .	Braves hand D - backs fourth straight home loss