Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Parra singled to left . Upton struck out looking . Parra stole second . Kubel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonifacio struck out looking . Reyes fouled out to first . Ramirez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Montero struck out swinging . Ransom flied out to right . Overbay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Morrison grounded out to second . Infante struck out swinging . Stanton popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Hill lined out to center . Miley singled to left . Bloomquist singled to right , Miley to third . Parra singled to left , Miley scored , Bloomquist to second . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Parra out at second , Bloomquist to third . Kubel struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez flied out to right . Buck struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Montero flied out to left . Ransom struck out looking . Overbay doubled to deep left . Hill intentionally walked . Miley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez safe at first on error by third baseman Ransom . Morrison popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Bloomquist grounded out to pitcher . Parra walked . Upton singled to left , Parra to second . Kubel singled to right , Parra scored , Upton to third . Montero singled to left , Upton scored , Kubel to second . Ransom struck out swinging . Overbay struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Infante walked . Stanton flied out to left . Sanchez flied into double play , left to shortstop to first , Infante doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Hill singled to center . Miley sacrificed to pitcher , Hill to second . Bloomquist singled to center , Hill scored , Bloomquist to second advancing on throw . Morrison at first base . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Kearns in left field . Parra grounded out to second , Bloomquist to third . Upton intentionally walked . Upton stole second . Kubel doubled to deep center , Bloomquist and Upton scored . Montero walked . Ransom doubled to deep left center , Kubel and Montero scored . Overbay struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Buck doubled to left . Kearns grounded out to third . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Gaudin pitching for Marlins . Murphy at shortstop . Hill reached on infield single to third . Miley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hill out at second . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez walked . Morrison safe at first on error by first baseman Overbay , Ramirez to second . Infante lined out to shortstop , Ramirez to third , Morrison to second on throwing error by shortstop Bloomquist . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Stanton grounded out to third , Ramirez scored , Morrison to third . Murphy walked . Buck lined out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Gaudin pitching for Marlins . Parra walked . Upton lined out to right . Kubel singled to left , Parra to second . Montero grounded out to first , Parra to third , Kubel to second . Ransom struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks . Kearns flied out to left . Bonifacio flied out to center . Coghlan hit for Gaudin . Coghlan flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Mujica pitching for Marlins . Overbay struck out looking . Hill lined out to first . Pollock hit for Breslow . Pollock grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . McDonald at shortstop . Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez popped out to second . Morrison singled to right . Infante doubled to deep left , Morrison to third . Stanton homered to center ( 425 feet ) , Morrison and Infante scored . Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks . Murphy grounded out to third . Buck walked . Kearns grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Marlins 4 .	Miley , Kubel lift Diamondbacks past Marlins