Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for Marlins . Bloomquist flied out to left . Roberts grounded out to third . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes grounded out to second . Bonifacio reached on infield single to shortstop . Ramirez doubled to deep right center , Bonifacio to third . Kearns hit by pitch . Infante grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Bonifacio out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for Marlins . Goldschmidt singled to right . Goldschmidt stole second . Ransom homered to left center ( 401 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . Parra grounded out to first . Pollock reached on bunt single to pitcher . Blanco singled to center , Pollock to second . Corbin sacrificed to catcher , Pollock to third , Blanco to second . Bloomquist walked . Roberts struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Stanton struck out looking . Sanchez walked . Buck grounded into double play , third to second to first , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for Marlins . Upton flied out to right . Goldschmidt fouled out to catcher . Ransom lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Buehrle grounded out to catcher . Reyes walked . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Ramirez walked , Reyes to second . Kearns grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for Marlins . Parra singled to right . Pollock singled to left , Parra to second . Blanco flied out to left . Corbin sacrificed to catcher , Parra to third , Pollock to second , Corbin safe at first on throwing error by catcher Buck . Parra to third on throwing error by catcher Buck . Bloomquist doubled to right center , Parra and Pollock scored , Corbin to third . Roberts hit sacrifice fly to left , Corbin scored . Upton homered to left ( 404 feet ) , Bloomquist scored . Goldschmidt safe at second on error by left fielder Kearns . Ransom grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Infante flied out to right . Stanton struck out swinging . Sanchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for Marlins . Parra grounded out to pitcher . Pollock flied out to left . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Buck singled to center . Murphy hit for Buehrle . Murphy homered to left ( 366 feet ) , Buck scored . Reyes singled to left center . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reyes out at second . Ramirez struck out looking . Kearns grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bonifacio out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Corbin lined out to left . Bloomquist flied out to center . Roberts walked . Upton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Infante reached on infield single to pitcher . Stanton singled to right , Infante to third . Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to left , Infante scored . Buck struck out looking . Morrison hit for Jennings . Morrison singled to right , Stanton to third . Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Webb pitching for Marlins . Goldschmidt walked . Ransom flied out to left . Parra struck out swinging . Pollock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Ramirez safe at first on error by third baseman Ransom . Kearns homered to left ( 359 feet ) , Ramirez scored . Infante lined out to shortstop . Stanton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Webb pitching for Marlins . Blanco struck out swinging . Overbay hit for Breslow . Overbay singled to center . Bloomquist safe at first on error by pitcher Webb , Overbay to second . Roberts grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bloomquist out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez popped out to shortstop . Buck flied out to center . Dobbs hit for Webb . Dobbs flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Bell pitching for Marlins . Upton singled to center . Upton stole second . Goldschmidt walked . Ransom hit by pitch , Upton to third , Goldschmidt to second . Parra grounded out to first , Upton scored , Goldschmidt to third , Ransom to second . Pollock hit sacrifice fly to center , Goldschmidt scored , Ransom to third . Blanco flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes doubled to deep center . Bonifacio grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez grounded out to first , Reyes to third . Kearns struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Marlins 5 .	D - backs ' Corbin wins debut with ample support