Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Parra grounded out to second . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond grounded out to third . Lombardozzi singled to right . Ankiel popped out to third . LaRoche grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Kubel doubled to deep left . Montero struck out swinging . Goldschmidt singled to left , Kubel to third . Ransom struck out swinging . McDonald lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Werth walked . Werth to second on balk by Cahill . Espinosa struck out swinging . Harper struck out swinging . Ramos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Cahill grounded out to pitcher . Parra lined out to left . Hill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Zimmermann struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Lombardozzi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Kubel grounded out to first . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Ankiel struck out swinging . LaRoche flied out to left . Werth singled to left . Espinosa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop , Goldschmidt to second on throwing error by shortstop Desmond . Ransom struck out looking . McDonald singled to left , Goldschmidt scored . Cahill sacrificed to pitcher , McDonald to second . Parra flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Harper grounded out to shortstop . Ramos grounded out to second . Zimmermann grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Upton singled to center . Kubel struck out looking . Upton stole second . Montero doubled to deep right center , Upton scored . Goldschmidt flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond singled to left . Lombardozzi reached on infield single to pitcher , Desmond to second . Ankiel grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lombardozzi out at second , Desmond to third . LaRoche grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Ransom singled to left . McDonald singled to left , Ransom to second . Cahill sacrificed to pitcher , Ransom to third , McDonald to second . Parra intentionally walked . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Hill hit by pitch , Ransom scored , McDonald to third , Parra to second . Upton hit sacrifice fly to left , McDonald scored , Parra to third , Hill to second . Kubel lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Werth grounded out to pitcher . Espinosa bunt grounded out to catcher . Harper grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Montero singled to center . Goldschmidt doubled to deep center , Montero to third . Ransom struck out swinging . McDonald intentionally walked . Cahill grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , McDonald out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramos grounded out to pitcher . Bernadina hit for Mattheus . Bernadina doubled to right . Desmond singled to center , Bernadina scored . Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks . Lombardozzi grounded out to third , Desmond to second . Ankiel struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Perry pitching for Nationals . Parra singled to center . Parra stole second . Hill flied out to left . Upton singled to deep center , Parra scored , Upton out stretching at second . Kubel singled to right . Montero flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . LaRoche popped out to shortstop . Werth struck out swinging . Espinosa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Nationals 1 .	Nationals drop Harper 's hitless home debut\n