Cardinals - Top 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal reached on infield single to shortstop . Beltran fouled out to first . Holliday struck out swinging . Furcal caught stealing second , catcher to second . Craig batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Parra flied out to left . Bloomquist flied out to center . Upton singled to center . Montero struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Craig batting . Craig popped out to second .   Freese singled to center .   Greene struck out looking . Robinson singled to left , Freese to second .   Cruz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Kubel grounded out to pitcher . Hill fouled out to first . Overbay singled to center . Roberts singled to center , Overbay to second . Miley singled to center , Overbay scored , Roberts to second . Parra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Miley out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Lohse grounded out to second . Furcal singled to right . Beltran popped out to second . Holliday doubled to deep left center , Furcal thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Upton grounded out to pitcher . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Craig grounded out to third . Freese singled to left . Greene flied out to right . Robinson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Kubel flied out to center . Hill flied out to center . Overbay doubled to deep right . Roberts singled to center , Overbay thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz grounded out to second . Lohse singled to right . Furcal singled to center , Lohse to third . Beltran reached on fielding error by third baseman Roberts Lohse scored , Furcal to second . Holliday walked , Furcal to third , Beltran to second . Craig grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Holliday out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Miley flied out to center . Parra doubled to deep right . Bloomquist walked . Upton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bloomquist out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Freese walked . Greene struck out swinging . Robinson flied out to center . Cruz singled to right center , Freese to third . Carpenter hit for Lohse . Carpenter doubled to deep left , Freese and Cruz scored . Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Montero singled to deep right center . Kubel struck out swinging . Hill doubled to deep left , Montero scored . Overbay flied out to center . Roberts walked . Goldschmidt hit for Shaw . Goldschmidt flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Beltran grounded out to shortstop . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Craig grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Marte pitching for Cardinals . Parra flied out to center . Bloomquist flied out to right . Upton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Freese struck out looking . Greene grounded out to shortstop . Robinson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals . Montero struck out swinging . Kubel struck out swinging . Hill lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Schumaker hit for Rzepczynski . Schumaker grounded out to second . Furcal reached on infield single to second . Beltran singled to center , Furcal to second . Holliday doubled to deep center , Furcal and Beltran scored . Craig homered to right ( 382 feet ) , Holliday scored . Freese singled to center . Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks . Greene grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Freese out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Overbay singled to center . Roberts singled to center , Overbay to second . Pollock hit for Breslow . Pollock reached on infield single to third , Overbay to third , Roberts to second . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at second base . Parra struck out swinging . Bloomquist grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Pollock out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Diamondbacks 2 .	Four - run 9th seals Cardinals ' win over Arizona