Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Parra flied out to center . Bloomquist singled to left . Upton flied out to center . Montero popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Gordon struck out looking . Ellis singled to center . Van Slyke grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ellis out at second . Ethier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Kubel doubled to left . Roberts struck out looking . Overbay grounded out to third . Hill intentionally walked . Miley struck out swinging , Miley safe at first on wild pitch by Billingsley , Kubel to third , Hill to second . Parra walked , Kubel scored , Hill to third , Miley to second . Bloomquist flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis struck out swinging . Sands singled to right . Loney grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sands out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Upton flied out to right . Montero grounded out to shortstop . Kubel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Sellers struck out swinging . Billingsley fouled out to first . Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop . Ellis singled to right center , Gordon to third . Van Slyke grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Roberts reached on infield single to shortstop . Overbay grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Roberts out at second . Hill struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier hit by pitch . Ellis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ethier out at second . Sands struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Miley singled to left . Parra singled to center , Miley to second . Bloomquist singled to left , Miley to third , Parra to second . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop , Miley scored , Parra to third , Bloomquist to second . Montero singled to center , Parra scored , Bloomquist to third , Upton to second . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Kubel singled to right , Bloomquist scored , Upton to third , Montero to second . Roberts grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Upton out at home , Montero to third , Kubel to second . Overbay intentionally walked . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Overbay out at second . 3 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Loney grounded out to second . Sellers lined out to third . Herrera hit for Guerra . Herrera popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Miley struck out swinging . Parra grounded out to first . Bloomquist singled to center . Upton lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Ellis homered to center ( 413 feet ) . Van Slyke flied out to center . Ethier singled to left . Ellis singled to left , Ethier to second . Sands flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Montero singled to left center . Kubel walked , Montero to second . Roberts singled to center , Montero to third , Kubel to second . Overbay hit sacrifice fly to left , Montero scored . Hill struck out swinging . Miley grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Loney flied out to left . Sellers walked . Gwynn hit for Wright . Gwynn reached on infield single to third , Sellers to second . Gordon flied out to right . Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Coffey pitching for Dodgers . Parra grounded out to pitcher . Bloomquist walked . Bloomquist caught stealing second , catcher to second . Upton walked . Montero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Van Slyke struck out looking . Ethier flied out to left . Ellis singled to right center . Sands struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Kubel flied out to left . Roberts struck out swinging . Overbay singled to center . Hill struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Loney flied out to left . Sellers flied out to center . Kennedy hit for Elbert . Kennedy doubled to right . Gordon fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Dodgers 1 .	Diamondbacks end Dodgers ' run