Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Parra lined out to second . Bloomquist lined out to pitcher . Upton walked . Montero walked , Upton to second . Kubel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Scutaro walked . Pacheco flied out to left . Gonzalez struck out looking . Tulowitzki homered to left ( 408 feet ) , Scutaro scored . Helton struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt walked . Roberts singled to right , Goldschmidt to second . Hill popped out to shortstop . Cahill sacrificed to pitcher , Goldschmidt to third , Roberts to second . Parra flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Colvin singled to right . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop , Colvin to second . Fowler tripled to right , Colvin scored . Nicasio struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Upton struck out looking . Montero popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Pacheco grounded out to third . Gonzalez bunt grounded out to catcher . Tulowitzki walked . Helton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Kubel grounded out to second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Colvin struck out swinging . Hernandez singled to right . Fowler walked , Hernandez to second . Hernandez caught stealing third , catcher to shortstop to third , Fowler to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Nicasio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Hill walked . Cahill struck out bunting foul . Parra struck out swinging , Hill to second on wild pitch by Nicasio . Hill to third on wild pitch by Nicasio . Bloomquist reached on infield single to second , Hill scored . Upton walked , Bloomquist to second . Outman pitching for Rockies . Montero struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Scutaro lined out to shortstop . Pacheco homered to left center ( 422 feet ) . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Outman pitching for Rockies . Kubel struck out swinging . Goldschmidt walked . Roberts struck out swinging . Hill singled to right center , Goldschmidt to third . Ransom hit for Cahill . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Overbay hit for Ransom . Overbay reached on infield single to shortstop , Goldschmidt scored , Hill to second . Parra walked , Hill to third , Overbay to second . Bloomquist flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton flied out to right . Colvin doubled to left . Colvin caught stealing third , catcher to third . Hernandez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Upton flied out to right . Montero flied out to center . Kubel singled to right . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third , Kubel to second . Roberts singled to left , Kubel scored , Goldschmidt to second . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Cuddyer in right field . Hill flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler lined out to first . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Scutaro doubled to deep right center . Pacheco flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Pollock hit for Shaw . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Parra walked . Parra to second on wild pitch by Brothers . Bloomquist singled to right , Parra scored . Bloomquist stole second . Upton intentionally walked . Montero struck out swinging . Kubel singled to right , Bloomquist scored , Upton to third . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Herrera at third base . Goldschmidt singled to left , Upton scored , Kubel to second . Roberts singled to left , Kubel scored , Goldschmidt to third , Roberts to second advancing on throw . Hill flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Pollock in left field . Gonzalez singled to center . Tulowitzki popped out to shortstop . Helton walked , Gonzalez to second . Giambi hit for Herrera . Giambi reached on infield single to shortstop , Gonzalez to third , Helton to second . Young Jr. ran for Giambi . Hernandez flied out to center . Fowler walked , Gonzalez scored , Helton to third , Young Jr. to second . Cuddyer safe at first on error by third baseman Roberts , Helton scored , Young Jr. to third , Fowler to second . Scutaro walked , Young Jr. scored , Fowler to third , Cuddyer to second . Rosario hit for Rogers . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Rosario lined out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Rosario at third base . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Pollock lined out to shortstop . Parra doubled to deep right . Parra stole third . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Upton homered to right ( 399 feet ) , Parra scored . Montero flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to center . Tulowitzki singled to left , Gonzalez to second . Helton singled to center , Gonzalez to third , Tulowitzki to second . White hit for Betancourt . White struck out looking . Hernandez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Rockies 7 .	Upton HR in 9th lifts D - backs past Rockies