Dodgers - Top 1st . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Gwynn singled to center . Gwynn caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Herrera grounded out to first . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Harang pitching for Dodgers . Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bloomquist out at second . Upton struck out looking . Kubel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier walked . Kennedy struck out swinging . Ethier caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Loney grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Harang pitching for Dodgers . Young grounded out to third . Overbay singled to right . Bell homered to right center ( 453 feet ) , Overbay scored . Blanco singled to center . Cahill struck out looking . Bloomquist lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis singled to center . Gordon singled to center , Ellis to second . Harang struck out swinging . Gwynn grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Harang pitching for Dodgers . Roberts doubled to deep center . Upton singled to right , Roberts scored . Kubel popped out to shortstop . Young struck out swinging . Upton caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Herrera struck out swinging . Abreu walked . Ethier grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Abreu out at second . Kennedy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Harang pitching for Dodgers . Overbay singled to right . Bell grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Overbay out at second . Blanco struck out swinging . Cahill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Loney struck out swinging . Ellis grounded out to third . Gordon singled to center . Harang struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Harang pitching for Dodgers . Bloomquist doubled to left . Roberts sacrificed to third , Bloomquist to third . Upton doubled to left , Bloomquist scored . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Upton to third on wild pitch by Elbert . Kubel hit sacrifice fly to left , Upton scored . Young struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Gwynn reached on bunt single to third . Herrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Gwynn to second . Abreu struck out swinging . Gwynn to third , Herrera to second on wild pitch by Cahill . Ethier hit sacrifice fly to left , Gwynn scored , Herrera to third . Kennedy walked . Loney grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Overbay doubled to deep left . Bell struck out looking . Blanco doubled to deep left , Overbay scored . Hill hit for Cahill . Hill lined into double play , third to second , Blanco doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis singled to center . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ellis safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Ziegler . Sands hit for Elbert . Sands doubled to right , Ellis scored , Gordon to third . Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks . Gwynn singled to right , Gordon and Sands scored . Herrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gwynn safe at second on error by third baseman Bell . Abreu singled to center , Gwynn scored , Herrera to second . Ethier singled to right , Herrera to third , Abreu to second . De Jesus hit for Kennedy . Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks . De Jesus hit sacrifice fly to right , Herrera scored , Abreu to third . Loney grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ethier out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Herrera at third base . De Jesus at second base . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Bloomquist struck out looking . Roberts singled to center . Upton flied out to left . Kubel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to first . Sellers hit for Belisario . Sellers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Lindblom pitching for Dodgers . Young popped out to third . Overbay homered to right center ( 442 feet ) . Bell grounded out to second . Blanco singled to left . Parra hit for Hernandez . Parra lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Gwynn popped out to second . Herrera walked . Abreu walked , Herrera to second . Ethier struck out swinging . De Jesus doubled to deep center , Herrera and Abreu scored . Loney grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Van Slyke in left field . Bloomquist struck out swinging , Bloomquist safe at first on wild pitch by Jansen . Roberts struck out swinging . Upton singled to right center , Bloomquist to third . Kubel grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 8 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Dodgers end rally in dramatic fashion