Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Hill singled to shallow right . Upton singled to center , Hill to second . Kubel struck out swinging . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Bourn homered to center ( 422 feet ) . Heyward singled to right center . Prado struck out swinging . McCann flied out to left . Uggla struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Montero singled to center . Roberts grounded out to third , Montero to second . Parra walked . Hudson struck out swinging . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones doubled to deep left center . Freeman doubled to left , Jones scored . Simmons singled to right , Freeman scored , Simmons to second advancing on throw . Hudson struck out bunting foul . Bourn reached on infield single to shortstop , Simmons to third . Heyward hit sacrifice fly to right , Simmons scored . Prado singled to right , Bourn to third . McCann singled to center , Bourn scored , Prado to second . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Uggla flied out to right . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Hill struck out swinging . Upton struck out looking . Kubel homered to right center ( 423 feet ) . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones singled to center . Freeman singled to left , Jones thrown out at third , Freeman to second advancing on throw . Simmons grounded out to third . Hudson walked . Bourn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Montero singled to right . Roberts grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Montero out at second . Parra grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Heyward lined out to right . Prado grounded out to third . McCann grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Collmenter grounded out to second . Bloomquist flied out to center . Hill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Uggla fouled out to left . Jones walked . Freeman singled to shallow right , Jones to third . Simmons grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Freeman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Upton grounded out to third . Kubel grounded out to second . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Hudson singled to right center . Bourn struck out swinging . Heyward popped out to shortstop . Prado singled to center , Hudson to second . Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks . McCann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Montero struck out swinging . Roberts grounded out to third . Parra singled to left . Bell hit for Zagurski . Bell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Albaladejo pitching for Diamondbacks . Uggla hit by pitch . Uggla to second on balk by Albaladejo . Jones flied out to left , Uggla to third . Freeman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Uggla scored . Simmons doubled to right , Freeman to third . Hudson hit sacrifice fly to center , Freeman scored , Simmons to third . Bourn grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Hill reached on infield single to shortstop . Upton lined out to right . Kubel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks . Heyward singled to right . Prado grounded out to second , Heyward to second . McCann singled to right , Heyward scored . Uggla struck out swinging . Jones singled to right center , McCann to second . Freeman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Varvaro pitching for Braves . Goldschmidt singled to center . Montero struck out swinging . Roberts grounded into double play , second to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Braves 8 .	Hudson shines as Braves cool off D - backs