Astros - Top 1st . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Altuve popped out to second . Gonzalez singled to center . Moore flied out to center . Johnson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Lyles pitching for Astros . Parra singled to center . Drew grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Parra out at second . Hill grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Bogusevic lined out to third . Maxwell homered to center ( 433 feet ) . Schafer fouled out to catcher . Corporan singled to center . Lyles popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Lyles pitching for Astros . Kubel homered to right ( 350 feet ) . Montero singled to left . Young flied out to center . Overbay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Montero out at second . Wheeler popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Altuve walked . Gonzalez lined into double play , shortstop to first , Altuve doubled off first . Moore doubled to deep right . Johnson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Lyles pitching for Astros . Collmenter grounded out to first . Parra hit by pitch . Parra caught stealing second , catcher to first . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Bogusevic struck out swinging . Maxwell struck out swinging . Schafer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Lyles pitching for Astros . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Kubel struck out swinging . Montero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Corporan lined out to second . Lyles struck out swinging . Altuve doubled to deep left . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Lyles pitching for Astros . Young grounded out to first . Overbay grounded out to second . Wheeler singled to right . Collmenter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Moore doubled to deep center . Johnson doubled to deep left center , Moore scored . Bogusevic grounded out to first , Johnson to third . Johnson caught stealing home , catcher to third to first to shortstop . Maxwell popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Lyles pitching for Astros . Parra flied out to left . Drew singled to right . Hill singled to left , Drew to second . Kubel singled to right , Drew to third , Hill to second . Montero grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Drew and Hill scored on throwing error by shortstop Gonzalez , Kubel safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Gonzalez . Young homered to left center ( 405 feet ) , Kubel and Montero scored . Overbay singled to right . Wheeler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Overbay out at second . Roberts hit for Collmenter . Roberts singled to left , Wheeler to second . Wright pitching for Astros . Francisco in left field . Wheeler to third , Roberts to second on passed ball by Corporan . Parra singled to left , Wheeler and Roberts scored . Parra caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Drew batting . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 7th . Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks . Schafer walked . Corporan grounded into double play , third to second to first , Schafer out at second . Francisco lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Wright pitching for Astros . Drew struck out looking . Hill popped out to second . Kubel tripled to deep left center . Montero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks . Altuve singled to center . Gonzalez flied out to center . Moore grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Altuve out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Abad pitching for Astros . Young grounded out to third . Overbay struck out looking . Wheeler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Bogusevic singled to left center . Downs hit for Abad . Downs grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bogusevic out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 2 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Kubel homers again as D - backs sweep Astros