Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Young lined out to center . Elmore safe at first on error by shortstop Greene . Hill popped out to shortstop . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Altuve singled to center . Greene singled to shallow left , Altuve to second . Pearce lined out to third . Maxwell singled to center , Altuve to third , Greene to second . Francisco popped out to first . Barnes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Upton walked . Johnson popped out to second . Parra grounded out to second , Upton to second . Nieves struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro struck out looking . Gonzalez lined out to left . Keuchel singled to center . Altuve flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Miley grounded out to shortstop . Young popped out to shortstop . Elmore grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Greene struck out swinging . Pearce flied out to center . Maxwell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Hill singled to right center . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hill out at second . Upton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Francisco reached on bunt single to pitcher . Barnes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Francisco out at second . Castro grounded into double play , third to second to first , Barnes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Johnson grounded out to third . Parra singled to left . Nieves singled to center , Parra to third . Miley sacrificed to pitcher , Parra scored , Nieves to second . Young doubled to left , Nieves scored . Elmore grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez doubled to right . Keuchel struck out swinging . Altuve reached on infield single to third , Gonzalez to third . Greene hit sacrifice fly to center , Gonzalez scored . Pearce grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Hill flied out to center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Upton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Maxwell safe at first on error by shortstop Elmore . Maxwell caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second to pitcher to shortstop . Francisco flied out to right . Barnes singled to left center . Castro struck out swinging , Castro safe at first on wild pitch by Miley , Barnes to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Johnson walked . Parra sacrificed to pitcher , safe at first on error by pitcher Keuchel , Johnson to second . Nieves sacrificed to third , Johnson to third , Parra to second . Wheeler hit for Miley . Wheeler lined out to second . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Wallace at third base . Young popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 7th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Wallace singled to right . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wallace out at second . Greene grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Altuve out at second . Pearce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Rodriguez Jr. pitching for Astros . Elmore flied out to left . Hill doubled to deep left . Goldschmidt doubled to deep left center , Hill scored . Upton struck out swinging , Goldschmidt stole third . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Maxwell walked . Francisco singled to center , Maxwell to second . Barnes bunt popped out foul to third . Castro flied out to left . Bogusevic hit for Rodriguez . Bogusevic struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Lopez pitching for Astros . Parra grounded out to second . Nieves grounded out to shortstop . Drew hit for Hernandez . Drew flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Wallace struck out swinging . Altuve grounded out to pitcher . Moore hit for Greene . Moore singled to center . Moore to second on wild pitch by Putz . Pearce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Astros 1 .	Miley carries Diamodbacks past sliding Astros