Marlins - Top 1st . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonifacio struck out looking . Petersen grounded out to second . Reyes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Young walked . Hill doubled to left , Young scored . Kubel singled to center , Hill to third . Goldschmidt walked , Kubel to second . Upton singled to left , Hill and Kubel scored , Goldschmidt to second . Montero singled to right center , Goldschmidt scored , Upton to third , Montero to second on error by third baseman Dobbs . Wheeler hit sacrifice fly to center , Upton scored . Elmore flied out to center , Montero to third . Cahill grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 2nd . Parra in right field . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Lee walked . Stanton struck out swinging . Dobbs singled to right center , Lee to third . Solano singled to center , Lee scored , Dobbs to second . Brantly struck out swinging . Nolasco hit ground rule double to deep left , Dobbs scored , Solano to third . Hernandez hit for Bonifacio . Hernandez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez in center field . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Young flied out to left . Hill reached on infield single to shortstop . Kubel grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Hill out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Petersen singled to right . Reyes grounded out to first , Petersen to second . Lee grounded out to second , Petersen to third . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Goldschmidt flied out to right . Parra flied out to center . Montero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Dobbs struck out swinging . Solano hit by pitch . Solano to second on balk by Cahill . Brantly singled to right , Solano to third , Brantly to second advancing on throw . Nolasco popped out to second . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Wheeler popped out to second . Elmore flied out to left . Cahill grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Petersen flied out to left . Reyes popped out to first . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Young flied out to left . Hill singled to left . Kubel struck out swinging , Hill stole second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Stanton doubled to deep left . Dobbs grounded out to first , Stanton to third . Solano singled to center , Stanton scored . Albers pitching for Diamondbacks . Solano to second on wild pitch by Albers . Brantly grounded out to second , Solano to third . Kearns hit for Nolasco . Kearns walked . Hernandez reached on infield single to shortstop , Solano scored , Kearns to second . Petersen singled to center , Kearns scored , Hernandez to second . Reyes grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Parra bunt grounded out to third . Montero struck out swinging . Wheeler singled to left center . Webb pitching for Marlins . Wheeler stole second . Elmore flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Lee grounded out to first . Stanton singled to center . Dobbs singled to right , Stanton to second . Solano walked , Stanton to third , Dobbs to second . Brantly grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Stanton out at home , Dobbs to third , Solano to second . Ruggiano hit for Webb . Ruggiano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Johnson hit for Ziegler . Johnson grounded out to second . Young flied out to center . Hill walked . Kubel walked , Hill to second . Goldschmidt flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez struck out looking . Petersen struck out looking . Reyes singled to center . Lee walked , Reyes to second . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Bell pitching for Marlins . Parra struck out swinging . Montero walked . Montero to second on wild pitch by Bell . Wheeler walked . Elmore grounded out to shortstop , Montero to third , Wheeler to second . Nieves hit for Hernandez . Nieves struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Dobbs struck out swinging . Solano singled to left . Brantly flied out to left . Murphy hit for Bell . Murphy fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Gaudin pitching for Marlins . Young grounded out to pitcher . Hill flied out to right . Kubel walked . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 10th . Demel pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez reached on infield single to shortstop . Petersen sacrificed to pitcher , Hernandez to second . Reyes intentionally walked . Lee flied out to center , Hernandez to third . Stanton singled to left , Hernandez scored , Reyes to second . Dobbs flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Parra struck out swinging . Montero struck out swinging . Wheeler reached on infield single to second . Elmore walked , Wheeler to second . McDonald hit for Demel . McDonald grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Elmore out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Stanton drives in winner in 10th as Marlins rally