Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Eaton tripled to deep left center . Hill grounded out to shortstop , Eaton scored . Upton doubled to right . Montero popped out to third . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right center , Upton scored . Kubel singled to center , Goldschmidt scored . Johnson flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler flied out to center . Rutledge grounded out to shortstop . Pacheco reached on infield single to shortstop . Rosario singled to right , Pacheco to third . Nelson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . McDonald flied out to left . Corbin flied out to center . Eaton walked . Hill walked , Eaton to second . Upton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Brown homered to left ( 460 feet ) . Colvin grounded out to first . LeMahieu tripled to deep center . Chacin singled to center , LeMahieu scored . Fowler reached on bunt single to first , Chacin to second . Rutledge grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fowler out at second , Chacin to third . Pacheco doubled to left , Chacin and Rutledge scored , Pacheco out at third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Montero struck out looking . Goldschmidt flied out to left . Kubel singled to center . Johnson singled to left , Kubel to second . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Rosario homered to left center ( 424 feet ) . Nelson doubled to deep right center . Brown grounded out to second , Nelson to third . Colvin struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Elmore hit for Corbin . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Elmore singled to center . Eaton struck out looking . Elmore to second on wild pitch by Chacin . Hill lined out to pitcher . Upton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks . Chacin grounded out to shortstop . Fowler grounded out to second . Rutledge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Torres pitching for Rockies . Montero grounded out to second . Goldschmidt safe at first on error by second baseman LeMahieu . Kubel flied out to left . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks . Pacheco struck out looking . Rosario singled to center . Nelson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rosario out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Torres pitching for Rockies . McDonald singled to left . Jacobs hit for Bergesen . Jacobs walked , McDonald to second . Eaton walked , McDonald to third , Jacobs to second . Hill tripled to deep right center , McDonald , Jacobs and Eaton scored . Upton walked . Outman pitching for Rockies . Montero walked , Upton to second . Escalona pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Kubel hit sacrifice fly to center , Hill scored , Upton to third . Johnson singled to right , Upton scored , Montero to third . McDonald popped out to first . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks . Brown grounded out to second . Colvin singled to center . Colvin to second on wild pitch by Zagurski . LeMahieu grounded out to second , Colvin to third . McBride hit for Escalona . McBride singled to center , Colvin scored . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Ziegler struck out looking . Eaton bunt grounded out to first . Hill walked . Upton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Rutledge reached on infield single to third . Pacheco singled to center , Rutledge to third . Rosario grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rutledge scored , Pacheco out at second . Nelson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Montero singled to center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Kubel lined out to right . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Brown struck out swinging . Colvin flied out to center . LeMahieu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . McDonald doubled to deep right center . Wheeler hit for Hernandez . Wheeler flied out to center , McDonald to third . Eaton struck out swinging . Hill grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez hit for Betancourt . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Fowler struck out swinging . Rutledge flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Rockies 7 .	Hill drives in four runs as D - backs beat Rockies