Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Cain pitching for Giants . Eaton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Crawford . Hill grounded into double play , second to first , Eaton out at second . Upton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagan struck out swinging . Scutaro flied out to right . Sandoval flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Cain pitching for Giants . Montero struck out swinging . Goldschmidt flied out to right . Parra walked . Ransom flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey grounded out to shortstop . Pence singled to right . Nady walked , Pence to second . Belt struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Cain pitching for Giants . McDonald safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford . Miley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McDonald out at second . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Miley out at second . Hill grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Cain singled to center . Pagan walked , Cain to second . Scutaro sacrificed to pitcher , Cain to third , Pagan to second . Sandoval reached on infield single to shortstop , Cain scored , Pagan to third . Posey singled to left , Pagan scored , Sandoval to third . Pence struck out swinging . Nady lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Cain pitching for Giants . Upton singled to left . Montero singled to center , Upton to second . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Parra grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Montero out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt tripled to deep right center . Crawford walked . Cain sacrificed to catcher , Crawford to second , Cain safe at first on error by second baseman Hill . Pagan flied out to right . Scutaro singled to left center , Belt scored , Crawford to third , Cain to second . Sandoval grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Crawford scored , Scutaro out at second , Cain to third . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sandoval out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Cain pitching for Giants . Ransom safe at first on error by first baseman Belt . McDonald flied out to right . Jacobs hit for Miley . Jacobs struck out looking . Eaton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 5th . Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Ransom . Nady struck out swinging . Belt singled to right , Pence to second . Crawford grounded out to third , Pence to third , Belt to second . Cain reached on infield single to shortstop , Pence scored , Belt to third . Pagan flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Cain pitching for Giants . Hill flied out to right . Upton flied out to center . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks . Scutaro flied out to left . Sandoval singled to right . Posey grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sandoval out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Cain pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right . Parra reached on bunt single to third , Goldschmidt to third . Parra to second on wild pitch by Cain . Ransom struck out swinging . McDonald struck out swinging . Kubel hit for Bergesen . Kubel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence grounded out to second . Nady struck out swinging . Belt singled to left center . Crawford singled to center , Belt to third . Huff hit for Cain . Huff flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Blanco in left field . Mota pitching for Giants . Eaton singled to right . Hill lined out to left . Upton struck out swinging . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Montero singled to left , Eaton to second . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Montero out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagan flied out to right . Scutaro doubled to deep left . Sandoval walked . Saito pitching for Diamondbacks . Scutaro scored , Sandoval to second on wild pitch by Saito . Posey flied out to center , Sandoval to third . Pence walked . Blanco struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Peguero in left field . Burriss at second base . Arias at third base . Whiteside catching . Blanco in center field . Otero pitching for Giants . Parra doubled to deep right center . Ransom struck out swinging . McDonald flied out to left . Wheeler hit for Saito . Wheeler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 0 - Giants 6 .	Cain keys S.F. from mound , plate vs. Arizona