White Sox - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Eaton walked . Cabrera flied out to left . Abreu struck out looking . Ramírez singled to center , Eaton thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Pollock reached on infield single to second . Owings struck out swinging . Goldschmidt doubled to left , Pollock scored . Trumbo struck out looking . Ross flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Av . García grounded out to third . Gillaspie grounded out to first . Flowers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Tomás lined out to first . Gosewisch singled to center . Gosewisch to second on wild pitch by Quintana . Ahmed singled to center , Gosewisch scored . De La Rosa struck out bunting foul . Ahmed stole second . Pollock singled to left , Ahmed scored , Pollock to second advancing on play . Owings doubled to deep center , Pollock scored . Goldschmidt doubled to left , Owings scored . Trumbo doubled to left , Goldschmidt scored . Ross grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson struck out swinging . Bonifacio grounded out to second . Eaton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Albers pitching for White Sox . Tomás lined out to right . Gosewisch reached on infield single to third . Ahmed struck out swinging . De La Rosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera singled to center . Abreu reached on infield single to third , Cabrera to second . Ramírez lined out to left . Av . García singled to left , Cabrera scored , Abreu to second . Gillaspie grounded out to first , Abreu to third , Av . García to second . Flowers grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Albers pitching for White Sox . Pollock grounded out to third . Owings doubled to deep left . Goldschmidt lined into double play , first to second , Owings doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson grounded out to second . Shuck hit for Albers . Shuck grounded out to second . Eaton hit by pitch . Cabrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Trumbo popped out to center . Ross reached on infield single to second . Tomás struck out swinging . Gosewisch singled to center , Ross to third . Ahmed singled to left , Ross scored , Gosewisch to second . De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Ramírez grounded out to third . Av . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Drabek pitching for White Sox . Inciarte doubled to center . Owings safe at first on error by first baseman Gillaspie , Inciarte to third . Gebhardt ran for Owings . Flores struck out looking . Pacheco walked , Gebhardt to second . Ross hit sacrifice fly to right , Inciarte scored , Gebhardt to third . Tomás singled to center , Gebhardt scored , Pacheco to third . Tomás to second on wild pitch by Drabek . Gosewisch singled to shallow left , Pacheco scored , Tomás to third . Ahmed flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gillaspie flied out to center . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Flowers grounded out to third . Johnson singled to center . Shuck singled to right , Johnson to second . Eaton singled to left , Johnson scored , Shuck to second . Beckham walked , Shuck to third , Eaton to second . Soto hit for Drabek . Soto struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Rondon grounded out to third . Inciarte walked . Gebhardt struck out swinging . Flores grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramírez walked . Anderson ran for Ramírez . Av . García struck out swinging . Gillaspie struck out swinging . Beltré lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Pacheco lined out to third . Lalli grounded out to second . Glaesmann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson walked . Shuck grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at second . Sánchez hit for Jennings . Sánchez grounded out to pitcher , Shuck to second . Beckham reached on infield single to shortstop , Shuck to third . Soto struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 2 - Diamondbacks 10 .	Goldschmidt doubles twice , Diamondbacks beat White Sox 10 - 2