White Sox - Top 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Shuck grounded out to first . Cabrera singled to right . Abreu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Dozier singled to left . Hunter struck out looking . Mauer struck out swinging . Plouffe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . LaRoche singled to right center . García singled to center , LaRoche to second . Ramírez grounded into double play , third to second to first , García out at second , LaRoche to third . Beckham grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Vargas singled to center . Vargas to second on wild pitch by Danks . Arcia hit by pitch . Robinson popped out to second . Herrmann grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Arcia out at second , Vargas to third . Santana flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Soto singled to right . Johnson sacrificed to first , Soto to second . Shuck popped out to third . Cabrera walked . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Dozier singled to left . Hunter singled to center , Dozier to second . Mauer safe at first on error by pitcher Danks , Dozier to third , Hunter to second . Plouffe homered to center ( 407 feet ) , Dozier , Hunter and Mauer scored . Vargas flied out to center . Arcia singled to center . Robinson singled to left , Arcia to second . Herrmann grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Arcia safe at third on error by pitcher Danks , Robinson safe at second on error by pitcher Danks . Santana batting . Hunter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dozier out at second . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . LaRoche walked . García singled to left , LaRoche to second . Ramírez hit by pitch , LaRoche to third , García to second . Beckham struck out swinging . Soto hit by pitch , LaRoche scored , García to third , Ramírez to second . Johnson hit by pitch , García scored , Ramírez to third , Soto to second . Pressly pitching for Twins . Shuck flied out to left . Cabrera struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Mauer doubled to deep left . Plouffe singled to center , Mauer scored . Vargas grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Plouffe safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Johnson , Vargas safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Johnson . Arcia singled to right , Plouffe scored , Vargas to third . Schafer ran for Arcia . Robinson struck out swinging . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Herrmann reached on infield single to third , Vargas scored , Schafer to second . Schafer to third , Herrmann to second on wild pitch by Jennings . Santana struck out swinging . Dozier flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Schafer in left field . Pressly pitching for Twins . Abreu struck out looking . LaRoche grounded out to second . García grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . Plouffe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Pressly pitching for Twins . Ramírez grounded out to third . Beckham grounded out to third . Soto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Vargas homered to center ( 426 feet ) . Schafer singled to center . Robinson singled to center , Schafer to second . Herrmann struck out swinging . Santana struck out swinging . Dozier walked , Schafer to third , Robinson to second . Hunter reached on infield single to pitcher , Schafer scored , Robinson to third , Dozier to second . Duke pitching for White Sox . Mauer flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop . Shuck flied out to right . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Duke pitching for White Sox . Plouffe singled to center . Vargas flied out to right . Schafer grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Plouffe out at second . Robinson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Schafer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Graham pitching for Twins . Abreu singled to right . Gillaspie grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Abreu safe at third on error by shortstop Santana . García singled to center , Abreu scored , Gillaspie to second . Ramírez flied out to right . Beckham flied out to right , Gillaspie to third . Soto flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 8th . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Herrmann fouled out to third . Santana grounded out to first . Dozier tripled to deep center . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Graham pitching for Twins . Johnson flied out to right . Shuck walked . Bonifacio grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Shuck out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 3 - Twins 13 .	Plouffe slam , 5 RBIs , Twins rout White Sox for 4 - game sweep