White Sox - Top 1st . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Eaton struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to center . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Reyes struck out swinging . Donaldson homered to left ( 424 feet ) . Bautista flied out to right . Encarnación struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . LaRoche singled to right center . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , LaRoche out at second . Shuck singled to shallow right , Ramírez to second . Beckham singled to right center , Ramírez scored , Shuck to second . Flowers singled to right center , Shuck to third , Beckham to second . Sánchez hit sacrifice fly to center , Shuck scored , Beckham to third , Flowers to second on throwing error by center fielder Pillar . Eaton lined out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Colabello flied out to right . Valencia flied out to center . Pillar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera flied out to right . Abreu struck out looking . LaRoche walked . LaRoche to second on passed ball by Thole . Ramírez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Tolleson grounded out to shortstop . Thole singled to shallow center . Reyes fouled out to first . Donaldson doubled to left , Thole to third . Bautista hit ground rule double to deep center , Thole and Donaldson scored . Encarnación struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Shuck doubled to right . Beckham flied out to left . Flowers grounded out to third . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Colabello lined out to center . Valencia popped out to second . Pillar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Eaton walked . Cabrera singled to shallow right , Eaton to second . Abreu homered to left ( 400 feet ) , Eaton and Cabrera scored . LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . Ramírez singled to center . Ramírez stole second . Shuck grounded out to second , Ramírez to third . Beckham struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Tolleson doubled to left . Thole doubled to right , Tolleson scored . Reyes bunt popped out to third . Donaldson walked . Bautista doubled to right , Thole and Donaldson scored . Encarnación struck out looking . Colabello struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Goins at second base . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Flowers doubled to center . Sánchez hit by pitch . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sánchez out at second , Flowers to third . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Flowers scored , Eaton out at second . Abreu struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Valencia struck out swinging . Pillar grounded out to second . Goins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . LaRoche safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes . Ramírez flied out to left . Shuck grounded into fielder 's choice to second , LaRoche out at second . Beckham flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Thole grounded out to shortstop . Reyes grounded out to first . Donaldson singled to center . Bautista doubled to right , Donaldson scored , Bautista to third on error by second baseman Sánchez . Encarnación flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 8th . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Flowers struck out swinging . Sánchez doubled to left . Eaton singled to right , Sánchez scored , Eaton to second advancing on throw . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Eaton to third . Abreu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . LaRoche singled to right , Abreu to third . Ramírez singled to shallow right , Abreu scored , LaRoche to second . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Shuck grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Duke pitching for White Sox . Colabello doubled to left . Valencia grounded out to third . Pillar grounded out to second , Colabello to third . Martin hit for Goins . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Martin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Valencia at second base . Carrera in left field . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Beckham lined out to left . Flowers struck out swinging . Sánchez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Thole singled to shallow right . Reyes doubled to right , Thole to third . Donaldson homered to right ( 367 feet ) , Thole and Reyes scored . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 9 - Blue Jays 10 .	Donaldson 's 2nd homer lifts Blue Jays over White Sox 10 - 9