White Sox - Top 1st . Andriese pitching for Rays . Eaton flied out to center . Ramírez flied out to left . Abreu reached on infield single to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Guyer flied out to right . Butler grounded out to pitcher . Longoria fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Andriese pitching for Rays . García grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Gillaspie singled to left . Flowers grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Forsythe popped out to catcher . Souza Jr. grounded out to pitcher . Elmore flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Andriese pitching for Rays . Sánchez lined out to center . Eaton grounded out to shortstop . Ramírez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Franklin walked . Mahtook singled to center , Franklin to second . Rivera sacrificed to pitcher , Franklin to third , Mahtook to second . Guyer singled to left , Franklin scored , Mahtook to third . Butler singled to right center , Mahtook scored , Guyer to third . Longoria popped out to second . Forsythe struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Andriese pitching for Rays . Abreu lined out to right . LaRoche grounded out to first . García singled to right . Cabrera singled to left , García to third . Gillaspie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Souza Jr. singled to center . Elmore flied out to center . Franklin hit ground rule double to deep right , Souza Jr. to third . Mahtook struck out swinging . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Andriese pitching for Rays . Flowers struck out swinging . Sánchez walked . Eaton reached on bunt single to catcher , Sánchez to third , Sánchez scored , Eaton to third on throwing error by catcher Rivera . Ramírez hit sacrifice fly to center , Eaton scored . Abreu struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Guyer flied out to center . Butler reached on infield single to second . Longoria singled to right , Butler to third . Forsythe hit sacrifice fly to center , Butler scored . Souza Jr. lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Andriese pitching for Rays . LaRoche struck out looking . García struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right . Cedeño pitching for Rays . Beckham hit for Gillaspie . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Beckham at third base . Danks pitching for White Sox . Elmore reached on infield single to second . Franklin safe at first on error by first baseman Abreu , Elmore to second . Mahtook sacrificed to pitcher , Elmore to third , Franklin to second . Webb pitching for White Sox . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Elmore scored , Franklin to third . Kiermaier hit for Guyer . Kiermaier singled to center , Franklin scored , Rivera to second . Rivera to third , Kiermaier to second on passed ball by Flowers . Butler singled to center , Rivera scored , Kiermaier to third . Longoria struck out swinging . Forsythe struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Kiermaier in center field . Mahtook in left field . Cedeno pitching for Rays . Flowers singled to center . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Flowers out at second . Eaton singled to left , Sánchez to second . Gomes pitching for Rays . Sánchez to third , Eaton to second on wild pitch by Gomes . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop , Sánchez scored , Eaton to third . Abreu homered to right ( 343 feet ) , Eaton scored . LaRoche struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Guerra pitching for White Sox . Souza Jr. reached on infield single to shortstop . Elmore singled to right , Souza Jr. to second . Souza Jr. to third , Elmore to second on wild pitch by Guerra . Franklin singled to center , Souza Jr. scored , Elmore to third . DeJesus hit for Mahtook . DeJesus grounded into double play , pitcher to third to shortstop to third to shortstop , Elmore out at home , Franklin out at third , Franklin out at second , DeJesus to first . Rivera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . DeJesus in left field . Geltz pitching for Rays . García flied out to right . Cabrera popped out to second . Beckham fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Guerra pitching for White Sox . Kiermaier singled to right . Butler struck out swinging , Kiermaier stole second . Longoria intentionally walked . Forsythe fouled out to right , Kiermaier to third . Kiermaier out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Souza Jr. batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . McGee pitching for Rays . Flowers struck out looking . Sánchez struck out swinging . Eaton lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Rays 7 .	Rookies lead Rays to 7 - 5 win over White Sox