Rangers - Top 1st . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Choo grounded out to first . Andrus walked . Fielder struck out swinging . Moreland struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Eaton singled to shallow left . García lined out to left . Eaton to third on wild pitch by Martinez . Abreu grounded out to third . LaRoche walked . Cabrera hit by pitch , LaRoche to second . Ramírez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Rua grounded out to second . Rosales walked . Martín grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rosales out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Gillaspie singled to center . Flowers grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gillaspie out at second . Sánchez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Corporán singled to left . Odor flied out to center . Choo grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Corporán out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Eaton singled to left . García singled to right , Eaton to second . Abreu singled to right , Eaton to third , García to second . LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to left , Eaton scored , García to third . Cabrera hit by pitch , Abreu to second . Ramírez safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus , García and Abreu scored , Cabrera to third . Gillaspie popped out to shortstop . Flowers hit by pitch , Ramírez to second . Sánchez struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Andrus grounded out to third . Fielder struck out looking . Moreland struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Eaton flied out to center . García lined out to shortstop . Abreu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Rua reached on infield single to third . Rua to second on wild pitch by Rodon . Rosales walked . Martín sacrificed to catcher , Rua to third , Rosales to second . Corporán singled to right , Rua scored , Rosales to third . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rosales scored , Corporán out at second . Odor stole second . Choo struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Martinez pitching for Rangers . LaRoche walked . Cabrera lined out to second . Ramírez singled to center , LaRoche to second . Gillaspie struck out swinging . Flowers walked , LaRoche to third , Ramírez to second . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramírez out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Andrus grounded out to third . Fielder grounded out to second . Moreland singled to left . Rua flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Eaton lined out to center . García safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus . Abreu grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , García out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Gallo struck out swinging . Martín struck out swinging . Corporán struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Detwiler pitching for Rangers . LaRoche grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Duke pitching for White Sox . Odor struck out swinging . Choo struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Detwiler pitching for Rangers . Beckham flied out to right . Flowers walked . Bonifacio ran for Flowers . Sánchez lined out to right . Bonifacio picked off and caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Fielder struck out swinging . Moreland popped out to third . Rua fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - White Sox 3 .	Rodon , White Sox end 8 - game skid , beat Rangers 3 - 2