Cardinals - Top 1st . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Wong flied out to left . Grichuk struck out swinging . Holliday flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Eaton lined out to left . Saladino struck out looking . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Peralta tripled to deep center . Heyward walked . Molina struck out swinging . Carpenter singled to right , Peralta scored , Heyward to second . Reynolds walked , Heyward to third , Carpenter to second . Piscotty struck out swinging . Wong struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera flied out to left . García grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Grichuk flied out to right . Holliday singled to center . Peralta struck out looking . Heyward doubled to left , Holliday to third . Molina singled to right , Holliday and Heyward scored . Carpenter struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Ramírez struck out swinging . Soto flied out to center . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Reynolds walked . Piscotty reached on infield single to third , Reynolds to second . Wong hit by pitch , Reynolds to third , Piscotty to second . Grichuk popped out to shortstop . Holliday homered to left center ( 399 feet ) , Reynolds , Piscotty and Wong scored . Peralta hit by pitch . Heyward grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peralta out at second . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Heyward out at second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Eaton walked . Saladino singled to left , Eaton to second . Abreu singled to right , Eaton scored , Saladino to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left , Saladino scored . García struck out swinging . LaRoche struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Webb pitching for White Sox . Carpenter flied out to left . Reynolds homered to left ( 412 feet ) . Piscotty flied out to right . Wong grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Ramírez grounded out to second . Soto homered to right center ( 402 feet ) . Sánchez struck out swinging . Eaton walked . Saladino homered to left ( 380 feet ) , Eaton scored . Abreu struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Webb pitching for White Sox . Grichuk flied out to center . Holliday walked . Holliday to second on wild pitch by Webb . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Heyward grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera grounded out to second . García struck out swinging . LaRoche singled to center . Ramírez singled to right , LaRoche to second . Soto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Webb pitching for White Sox . Molina singled to center . Carpenter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . Reynolds walked . Piscotty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals . Sánchez grounded out to second . Eaton walked . Saladino grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Eaton safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Reynolds , Eaton to third , Saladino to second on throwing error by left fielder Piscotty . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Albers pitching for White Sox . Wong lined out to pitcher . Grichuk grounded out to third . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . García walked . LaRoche grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , García out at second . Ramírez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Peralta flied out to center . Heyward grounded out to pitcher . Molina singled to right . Carpenter singled to center , Molina to second . Reynolds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Grichuk in left field . Bourjos in center field . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Shuck hit for Soto . Shuck struck out looking . Sánchez singled to shallow left . Eaton struck out swinging . Saladino reached on infield single to shortstop , Sánchez to second . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - White Sox 5 .	Holliday 's grand slam sends Cardinals over White Sox