White Sox - Top 1st . Richards pitching for Angels . Eaton struck out swinging . Abreu singled to center . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Victorino hit by pitch . Calhoun homered to center ( 402 feet ) , Victorino scored . Trout grounded out to third . Pujols homered to left ( 416 feet ) . Cron lined out to left . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Richards pitching for Angels . García singled to right , García advanced to second on play . Shuck grounded out to second , García to third . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop , García scored . Sánchez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Giavotella grounded out to third . Pérez struck out swinging . Cowart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Richards pitching for Angels . Flowers popped out to first . Saladino grounded out to third . Eaton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Victorino popped out to second . Calhoun struck out swinging . Trout walked . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Richards pitching for Angels . Abreu singled to center . Cabrera grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Abreu out at second . García grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Cron flied out to center . Aybar grounded out to third . Giavotella doubled to left . Pérez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Saladino , Giavotella scored . Cowart grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 5th . Richards pitching for Angels . Shuck struck out swinging . Ramírez grounded out to second . Sánchez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Victorino grounded out to shortstop . Calhoun grounded out to first . Trout grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Richards pitching for Angels . Flowers struck out swinging . Saladino singled to center . Saladino stole second . Eaton grounded out to first , Saladino to third . Abreu doubled to deep center , Saladino scored . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Pujols popped out to second . Cron grounded out to third . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Richards pitching for Angels . García reached on infield single to third . Shuck grounded into fielder 's choice to first , García out at second . Ramírez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Shuck out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Giavotella grounded out to shortstop . Pérez doubled to left . Cowart grounded out to second , Pérez to third . Victorino reached on infield single to third , Pérez scored . Calhoun grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Jackson at second base . Richards pitching for Angels . Sánchez singled to right . Flowers reached on infield single to second , Sánchez to second . Smith pitching for Angels . Saladino grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Flowers out at second , Sánchez to third . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sánchez scored , Saladino out at second . Abreu grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Albers pitching for White Sox . Trout flied out to right . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Cron lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Street pitching for Angels . Cabrera flied out to right . García grounded out to shortstop . Shuck grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 3 - Angels 5 .	Pujols , Calhoun hit HRs in Angels ' 5 - 3 win over White Sox