White Sox - Top 1st . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Eaton struck out swinging . Saladino popped out to second . Abreu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Marte struck out swinging . Seager struck out swinging . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Cabrera flied out to right . García grounded out to third . Thompson homered to left ( 365 feet ) . Ramírez popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Canó singled to center . Gutiérrez singled to left , Canó to second . Jackson reached on bunt single to catcher , Canó to third , Gutiérrez to second . Montero struck out swinging . Miller grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . Flowers reached on infield single to shortstop . Eaton singled to left , Flowers to second . Saladino grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eaton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Zunino grounded out to third . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Seager grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Abreu struck out looking . Cabrera lined out to center . García grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Cruz walked . Canó fouled out to third . Gutiérrez walked , Cruz to second . Jackson struck out looking . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Thompson singled to right . Ramírez grounded out to third , Thompson to second . Sánchez grounded out to second , Thompson to third . Flowers walked . Eaton hit by pitch , Flowers to second . Saladino grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Miller grounded out to pitcher . Zunino struck out looking . Marte walked . Seager flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Abreu flied out to center . Cabrera grounded out to second . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Cruz doubled to deep center . Canó safe at first on error by second baseman Sánchez , Cruz to third . Gutiérrez doubled to deep left , Cruz and Canó scored . Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop , Gutiérrez to third . Montero grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gutiérrez scored , Jackson out at second . Miller struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Morrison at first base . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Thompson grounded out to pitcher . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Sánchez hit ground rule double to deep center . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Flowers walked . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Flowers out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Zunino grounded out to first . Marte walked . Seager lined out to shortstop . Cruz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Saladino lined out to center . Abreu lined out to right . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Canó singled to center . Gutiérrez singled to left , Canó to second . Jackson bunt popped out foul to catcher . Morrison struck out swinging . Miller lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Smith pitching for Mariners . García singled to center . Shuck hit for Thompson . García to second on passed ball by Zunino . Shuck walked . Ramírez singled to center , García scored , Shuck to second . Sánchez sacrificed to third , Shuck to third , Ramírez to second . LaRoche hit for Flowers . LaRoche grounded out to first , Shuck scored , Ramírez to third . Eaton flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Shuck in right field . Soto catching . Jones pitching for White Sox . Zunino walked . Marte sacrificed to pitcher , Zunino to second . Seager struck out swinging . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 10th . Farquhar pitching for Mariners . Saladino walked . Abreu doubled to deep right , Saladino to third . Cabrera intentionally walked . García walked , Saladino scored , Abreu to third , Cabrera to second . Olmos pitching for Mariners . Shuck grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at home , Cabrera to third , García to second . Cabrera scored , García to third , Shuck to second on passed ball by Zunino . Ramírez safe at first on error by second baseman Canó . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , García scored , Ramírez out at second , Shuck to third . Soto struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 10th . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Canó flied out to left . Gutiérrez grounded out to third . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Mariners 3 .	White Sox use big 10th inning for 6 - 3 win over Mariners