Athletics - Top 1st . Samardzija pitching for White Sox . Fuld doubled to shallow right . Semien struck out looking . Reddick walked . Canha walked , Fuld to third , Reddick to second . Butler singled to center , Fuld and Reddick scored , Canha to third . Muncy flied out to left . Phegley doubled to left , Canha scored , Butler to third . Sogard reached on infield single to pitcher , Butler scored , Phegley to third . Smolinski doubled to left , Phegley scored , Sogard to third . Fuld popped out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Brooks pitching for Athletics . Eaton singled to shallow left . Eaton stole second . Ramírez walked . Abreu singled to right , Eaton scored , Ramírez to second . Cabrera singled to left , Ramírez scored , Abreu to second . García struck out swinging . Shuck walked , Abreu to third , Cabrera to second . Olt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Shuck out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Samardzija pitching for White Sox . Semien lined out to center . Reddick grounded out to pitcher . Canha singled to left . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Brooks pitching for Athletics . Johnson struck out swinging . Soto lined out to center . Eaton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Samardzija pitching for White Sox . Muncy flied out to right . Phegley walked . Sogard tripled to shallow right , Phegley scored . Smolinski popped out to second . Fuld struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Brooks pitching for Athletics . Ramírez lined out to center . Abreu hit by pitch . Cabrera struck out swinging . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Samardzija pitching for White Sox . Semien singled to left . Reddick homered to right center ( 417 feet ) , Semien scored . Canha singled to left . Canha to second on wild pitch by Samardzija . Butler doubled to deep right center , Canha scored . Webb pitching for White Sox . Muncy walked . Phegley walked , Butler to third , Muncy to second . Sogard fouled out to third . Smolinski grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Butler scored on error by third baseman Olt , Muncy safe at third on error by third baseman Olt , Phegley safe at second on error by third baseman Olt , Muncy scored , Phegley to third , Smolinski to second on . Fuld singled to center , Phegley scored , Smolinski to third . Semien walked , Fuld to second . Reddick singled to center , Smolinski and Fuld scored , Semien to third . Canha singled to left , Semien scored , Reddick to second . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Butler singled to shallow right , Reddick to third , Canha to second . Muncy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reddick scored , Butler out at second , Canha to third . Phegley struck out swinging . 10 Runs , 8 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Brooks pitching for Athletics . Shuck singled to center . Olt singled to left , Shuck to second . Johnson struck out looking . Soto flied out to center , Shuck to third . Eaton singled to center , Shuck scored , Olt to second . Ramírez lined out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Sogard grounded out to pitcher . Smolinski grounded out to shortstop . Fuld struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Brooks pitching for Athletics . Abreu singled to center . Cabrera homered to right center ( 383 feet ) , Abreu scored . García grounded out to first . Shuck flied out to left . Olt grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Jones pitching for White Sox . Semien homered to right center ( 394 feet ) . Reddick struck out swinging . Canha walked . Butler flied out to center . Muncy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Brooks pitching for Athletics . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Soto grounded out to third . Eaton fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Albers pitching for White Sox . Phegley singled to center . Sogard grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Phegley out at second . Smolinski grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Brooks pitching for Athletics . Ramírez homered to left ( 399 feet ) . Abreu singled to left . Coulombe pitching for Athletics . Beckham ran for Abreu . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Beckham out at second . García singled to shallow left . Shuck flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Beckham at third base . Olt at first base . García pitching for White Sox . Fuld grounded out to second . Ladendorf hit for Semien . Ladendorf singled to center . Pridie hit for Reddick . Pridie struck out swinging . Ladendorf to second on wild pitch by García . Canha hit by pitch . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Canha out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Ladendorf at shortstop . Pridie in right field . Coulombe pitching for Athletics . Olt struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . Soto grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Ramírez pitching for White Sox . Saladino at shortstop . Muncy grounded out to first . Phegley flied out to center . Sogard doubled to deep left . Smolinski hit by pitch . Fuld grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Alvarez pitching for Athletics . Eaton singled to shallow right center , Eaton out stretching at second . Ramírez walked . Beckham struck out swinging . Cabrera walked , Ramírez to second . Saladino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 17 - White Sox 6 .	A 's have 10 - run fourth in 17 - 6 rout of White Sox