White Sox - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Indians . Eaton walked . Ramírez flied out to left . Abreu grounded out to shortstop , Eaton to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Sale pitching for White Sox . Lindor reached on infield single to pitcher . Aviles grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lindor out at second . Brantley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Indians . Thompson hit ground rule double to deep right . García lined out to center . Olt struck out looking . Sánchez safe at first on error by third baseman Aviles , Thompson to third . Flowers grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Sale pitching for White Sox . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . Santana struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Indians . Eaton singled to right . Ramírez walked , Eaton to second . Abreu struck out swinging . Cabrera lined out to center , Eaton to third . Thompson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Sale pitching for White Sox . Almonte flied out to center . Pérez singled to center . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pérez safe at second on error by second baseman Sánchez . Lindor struck out swinging . Aviles singled to shallow center , Pérez scored , Ramírez to second . Brantley singled to left , Ramírez scored , Aviles to second . Raburn walked , Aviles to third , Brantley to second . Santana homered to left center ( 398 feet ) , Aviles , Brantley and Raburn scored . Johnson walked . Almonte grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Indians . García walked . Olt fouled out to first . Sánchez walked , García to second . Flowers struck out swinging . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sánchez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Pérez flied out to right . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Lindor lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Indians . Ramírez flied out to center . Abreu grounded out to second . Cabrera homered to right ( 377 feet ) . Thompson grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Aviles struck out swinging . Brantley grounded out to second . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Indians . García lined out to center . Olt walked . Sánchez singled to left , Olt to second . Flowers grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sánchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Santana walked . Johnson struck out swinging . Almonte struck out looking . Pérez hit by pitch , Santana to second . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Anderson pitching for Indians . Eaton fouled out to third . Ramírez struck out looking . Abreu singled to left . McAllister pitching for Indians . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Lindor homered to right ( 356 feet ) . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . Brantley singled to center . Raburn reached on infield single to pitcher , Brantley to second , Brantley to third , Raburn to second on throwing error by pitcher Sale . Chisenhall ran for Raburn . Santana struck out looking . Johnson struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 8th . Chisenhall in right field . McAllister pitching for Indians . Thompson struck out swinging . García grounded out to second . Olt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Webb pitching for White Sox . Almonte grounded out to first . Pérez singled to right . Ramírez walked , Pérez to second . Lindor singled to center , Pérez to third , Ramírez to second . Aviles singled to left , Pérez scored , Ramírez to third , Lindor to second . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Brantley reached on infield single to second , Ramírez scored , Lindor to third , Aviles to second . Martínez ran for Brantley . Chisenhall walked , Lindor scored , Aviles to third , Martínez to second . Santana lined out to third . Johnson singled to right center , Aviles and Martínez scored , Chisenhall to third . Almonte struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Martínez in left field . Sands at first base . Webb pitching for Indians . Sánchez grounded out to second . Flowers grounded out to second . Eaton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 1 - Indians 12 .	Santana , Anderson lead Indians past White Sox 12 - 1