Angels - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Calhoun lined out to right. Trout hit by pitch. Bour grounded into fielder's choice to third, Trout out at second. Simmons flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Stratton pitching for Angels. Smith reached on infield single. Smith to second on wild pitch by Stratton. Haniger walked. Santana singled to left, Smith scored, Haniger to second. Bruce struck out swinging. Encarnación popped out to second. Narváez singled to right, Haniger scored, Santana to third. Beckham doubled to center, Narváez scored and Santana scored. Healy popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pujols singled to shallow left, Pujols safe at second on error by left fielder Santana. La Stella lined out to center. Lucroy grounded out to third, Pujols to third. Goodwin reached on infield single to first, Pujols scored. Goodwin to second on wild pitch by Hernández. Goodwin to second on wild pitch by Hernández. Fletcher struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Stratton pitching for Angels. Gordon flied out to center. Smith singled to center. Haniger grounded into double play, third to second to first, Smith out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Healy. Bour struck out looking. Simmons flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Stratton pitching for Angels. Santana grounded out to pitcher. Bruce walked. Encarnación flied out to right. Narváez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pujols doubled to deep right center. La Stella grounded out to second. Lucroy singled to center, Pujols scored, Lucroy safe at second on error by catcher Narváez. Goodwin flied out to left. Fletcher singled to center, Lucroy scored on throwing error by catcher Narváez, Fletcher to second, Fletcher safe at third on throwing error by catcher Narváez. Calhoun grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Stratton pitching for Angels. Beckham grounded out to first. Healy grounded out to shortstop. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Trout flied out to right. Bour grounded out to first. Simmons struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Stratton pitching for Angels. Smith grounded out to pitcher. Haniger singled to left. Santana singled to center, Haniger to second. Anderson pitching for Angels. Bruce struck out swinging. Encarnación walked, Santana to second, Haniger to third. Narváez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. La Stella singled to left. Lucroy singled to center, La Stella to second. Bradford pitching for Mariners. Goodwin grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lucroy out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Anderson pitching for Angels. Beckham walked. Healy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Beckham out at second. Gordon singled to right, Healy to third. Buttrey pitching for Angels. Gordon stole second. Smith struck out swinging. Haniger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Bradford pitching for Mariners. Fletcher fouled out to catcher. Rosscup pitching for Mariners. Calhoun grounded out to first. Trout intentionally walked. Bour popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Robles pitching for Angels. Santana walked. Bruce homered to right (426 feet), Santana scored. Encarnación singled to right. Narváez flied out to right. Beckham struck out looking. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Healy lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Moore at third base. Healy at first base. Brennan pitching for Mariners. Simmons struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. La Stella singled to right. La Stella to second on wild pitch by Brennan. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Gordon grounded out to first. Smith walked. Haniger hit by pitch. Haniger stole second. Santana struck out looking. Moore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Cozart hit for Goodwin. Elías pitching for Mariners. Cozart popped out to third. Fletcher flied out to right. Calhoun lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 3 - Mariners 6.	King Returns: Hernandez solid as Mariners top Angels 6-3