Rangers - Top 1st. Harvey pitching for Angels. Choo hit by pitch. Odor struck out swinging. Andrus singled to right, Choo to second. Gallo homered to right center (411 feet), Choo scored and Andrus scored. Cabrera walked. Guzmán homered to (352 feet), Cabrera scored. Forsythe struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa singled to left. DeShields struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Volquez pitching for Rangers. Calhoun homered to right center (378 feet). Trout reached on infield single to shortstop. Bour walked, Trout to second. Simmons struck out swinging. Pujols walked, Bour to second, Trout to third. La Stella grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Pujols out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Harvey pitching for Angels. Choo singled to deep center. Odor struck out swinging. Andrus struck out looking. Gallo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Volquez pitching for Rangers. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. Goodwin struck out swinging. Cozart flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Fletcher at third base. Cozart at shortstop. Harvey pitching for Angels. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Guzmán doubled to right. Forsythe singled to center, Forsythe to second, Guzmán thrown out at home. Kiner-Falefa doubled to left center, Forsythe scored. DeShields hit by pitch. Choo flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Volquez pitching for Rangers. Calhoun struck out looking. Trout homered to center (422 feet). Bour flied out to center. Fletcher singled to right. Pujols walked, Fletcher to second. Pujols to second on wild pitch by Volquez, Fletcher to third on wild pitch by Volquez. La Stella lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Harvey pitching for Angels. Odor grounded out to second. Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop. Gallo lined into double play, second to first, Andrus doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Volquez pitching for Rangers. Lucroy fouled out to first. Goodwin walked. Cozart lined out to left. Springs pitching for Rangers. Calhoun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Harvey pitching for Angels. Cabrera singled to shallow left center. Guzmán walked, Cabrera to second. Bard pitching for Angels. Forsythe singled to left, Guzmán to second, Cabrera to third. Kiner-Falefa flied out to right. DeShields flied out to center. Choo doubled to left, Cabrera scored, Forsythe scored and Guzmán scored. Odor popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Springs pitching for Rangers. Trout struck out swinging. Bour singled to left. Fletcher flied out to center. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bour out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Bard pitching for Angels. Andrus flied out to right. Gallo walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Gallo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Springs pitching for Rangers. La Stella walked. Lucroy struck out swinging. Goodwin doubled to deep center, La Stella scored, Goodwin safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Forsythe. Cozart flied out to center. Calhoun walked. Trout walked, Calhoun to second. Bour grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Guzmán popped out to third. Forsythe struck out looking. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Gómez pitching for Rangers. Fletcher singled to deep left. Pujols singled to left, Fletcher to second. La Stella popped out to second. Lucroy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. DeShields reached on infield single to second. DeShields to second on wild pitch by Bedrosian. Choo walked. Choo to second on wild pitch by Bedrosian, DeShields to third on wild pitch by Bedrosian. Odor struck out swinging. Andrus singled to center, DeShields scored and Choo scored. Gallo struck out looking. Cabrera reached on infield single to second, Andrus to second, Andrus safe at third on error by second baseman La Stella. Guzmán struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 8th. Dowdy pitching for Rangers. Goodwin struck out swinging. Cozart grounded out to catcher. Calhoun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Bourjos in center field. Allen pitching for Angels. Forsythe struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop. DeShields fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Dowdy pitching for Rangers. Bourjos struck out swinging. Bour safe at first on error by first baseman Guzmán, Bourjos to second. Fletcher grounded out to shortstop, Bour to second, Bourjos to third. Pujols grounded out to third, Bourjos scored. La Stella grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Rangers 11 - Angels 4.	Rangers ride big 1st inning past struggling Angels, 11-4