Angels - Top 1st. Miller pitching for Rangers. Calhoun singled to right. Trout walked, Calhoun to second. Simmons grounded out to third, Trout to second, Calhoun to third. Pujols hit sacrifice fly to center, Calhoun scored. Goodwin homered to center (420 feet), Trout scored. Smith grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Cahill pitching for Angels. Choo reached on infield single to first. Santana flied out to left. Andrus struck out swinging. Mazara hit by pitch, Choo to second. Gallo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Miller pitching for Rangers. La Stella flied out to left. Cozart flied out to left. Fletcher doubled to third. Calhoun reached on infield single to second, Fletcher to third. Trout walked, Calhoun to second. Simmons popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Cahill pitching for Angels. Cabrera doubled to right. Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Cahill. Forsythe struck out looking. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to third, Cabrera scored. DeShields grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Miller pitching for Rangers. Pujols fouled out to third. Goodwin flied out to left. Smith doubled to deep right center. La Stella reached on infield single to catcher, Smith scored. Cozart lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Cahill pitching for Angels. Choo homered to center (416 feet). Santana singled to center. Santana stole second. Andrus grounded out to shortstop, Santana to third. Mazara grounded out to second, Santana scored. Gallo homered to right (436 feet). Cabrera flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Rangers. Fletcher lined out to right. Calhoun flied out to center. Trout lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Cahill pitching for Angels. Forsythe grounded out to third. Kiner-Falefa walked. Delino DeShields bunt grounds out, pitcher Trevor Cahill to first baseman Albert Pujols.   Delino DeShields out at 1st.  Delino DeShields out on batter interference. Trevor Cahill pitches to Delino DeShields. Choo walked, Kiner-Falefa to second. Santana flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 5th. Miller pitching for Rangers. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Pujols walked. Dowdy pitching for Rangers. Goodwin struck out swinging. Smith walked, Pujols to second. La Stella grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Andrus doubled to deep left. Andrus to third on wild pitch by Bedrosian. Mazara walked. Gallo reached on infield single to shortstop, Andrus scored, Mazara to second. Cabrera struck out looking. Forsythe lined out to third. Kiner-Falefa reached on infield single to first, Mazara scored on throwing error by right fielder Calhoun and Gallo scored on throwing error by right fielder Calhoun, Kiner-Falefa to third. DeShields singled to center, Kiner-Falefa scored. Jewell pitching for Angels. DeShields stole second. Choo grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Dowdy pitching for Rangers. Cozart lined out to shortstop. Fletcher grounded out to shortstop. Calhoun flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Jewell pitching for Angels. Santana reached on infield single to shortstop. Andrus struck out swinging, Santana stole second. Mazara reached on infield single to first, Santana scored. Gallo struck out swinging. Cabrera homered to right (391 feet), Mazara scored. Forsythe walked. Curtiss pitching for Angels. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Dowdy pitching for Rangers. Trout walked. Simmons reached on infield single to third, Trout to second. Pujols flied out to center, Simmons to second, Trout to third. Goodwin hit sacrifice fly to left, Trout scored. Smith lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Curtiss pitching for Angels. DeShields walked. Choo reached on infield single to catcher, DeShields to third. Santana fouled out to third. Andrus grounded out to third, DeShields scored, Choo to second. Mazara grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Bird pitching for Rangers. La Stella grounded out to second. Cozart walked. Fletcher flied out to center. Calhoun homered to right (422 feet), Cozart scored. Trout grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Curtiss pitching for Angels. Gallo doubled to deep right. Cabrera flied out to right, Gallo to third. Forsythe walked. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. DeShields walked, Forsythe to second. Choo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Bird pitching for Rangers. Simmons flied out to center. Pujols grounded out to third. Goodwin hit by pitch. Smith walked, Goodwin to second. La Stella walked, Smith to second, Goodwin to third. Leclerc pitching for Rangers. Cozart grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 7 - Rangers 12.	Gallo stops slump, beats shift as Rangers top Angels 12-7