Yankees - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Angels. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Voit singled to left, Voit safe at second on error by left fielder Goodwin. Gardner grounded out to first, Voit to third. Sánchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Calhoun struck out looking. Trout walked. Bour flied out to center. Simmons grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Angels. Tauchman walked. Tauchman stole second. Torres grounded out to third. Ford hit by pitch. Urshela grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ford out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Goodwin flied out to center. Lucroy grounded out to third. La Stella fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Angels. Wade reached on infield single to first. Wade stole second. Wade stole second. Wade stole third. LeMahieu singled to center, Wade scored. Voit flied out to left. Gardner popped out to shortstop. LeMahieu stole second. Sánchez walked. Tauchman grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Fletcher popped out to second. Rengifo grounded out to shortstop. Calhoun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Angels. Torres lined out to center. Ford grounded out to pitcher. Urshela homered to left center (396 feet). Wade walked. Wade to second on passed ball by Lucroy. LeMahieu lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Trout singled to center. Bour struck out looking, Trout caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Simmons singled to left center, Simmons safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Torres. Goodwin fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Angels. Voit singled to center. Gardner singled to right, Voit to second. Sánchez walked, Gardner to second, Voit to third. Anderson pitching for Angels. Tauchman struck out swinging. Voit scored on Anderson wild pitch, Sánchez to second on wild pitch by Anderson, Gardner to third on wild pitch by Anderson. Torres singled to center, Gardner scored, Sánchez to third. Ford fouled out to third. Torres stole second. Urshela lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Lucroy singled to center. La Stella homered to center (401 feet), Lucroy scored. Fletcher grounded out to shortstop. Rengifo singled to center. Calhoun homered to right (405 feet), Rengifo scored. Trout flied out to right. Bour fouled out to catcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Wade flied out to left. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Voit singled to left. Gardner fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Simmons fouled out to catcher. Goodwin walked. Lucroy fouled out to first. La Stella walked, Goodwin to second. Holder pitching for Yankees. La Stella to second on passed ball by Sánchez, Goodwin to third on passed ball by Sánchez. Fletcher singled to left, Goodwin scored and La Stella scored, Fletcher to second. Rengifo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Sánchez grounded out to shortstop. Tauchman struck out looking. Torres struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Tarpley pitching for Yankees. Calhoun walked. Calhoun to second on wild pitch by Tarpley. Trout walked, Calhoun to third on passed ball by Sánchez. Bour struck out swinging. Harvey pitching for Yankees. Trout stole second. Simmons singled to left, Calhoun scored on error by third baseman Urshela and Trout scored on error by third baseman Urshela, Simmons safe at second on error by third baseman Urshela. Goodwin walked. Lucroy walked, Goodwin to second, Simmons to third. La Stella grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lucroy to second, Goodwin to third, Simmons out at home. Fletcher tripled to right, Goodwin scored, Lucroy scored and La Stella scored. Rengifo lined out to left. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 8th. Allen pitching for Angels. Ford walked. Urshela walked, Ford to second. Wade struck out looking. LeMahieu singled to center, Urshela to second, Ford to third. Voit struck out swinging. Gardner walked, Ford scored, LeMahieu to second, Urshela to third. Robles pitching for Angels. Sánchez flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Kahnle pitching for Yankees. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout grounded out to first. Bour grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Ramsey pitching for Angels. Tauchman flied out to left. Torres flied out to left. Ford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 5 - Angels 11.	Angels rally to end Yankees' winning streak