Rangers - Top 1st. Heaney pitching for Angels. Choo struck out swinging. Andrus struck out swinging. Pence grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Jurado pitching for Rangers. La Stella fouled out to third. Trout homered to center (398 feet). Ohtani grounded out to pitcher. Calhoun flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Heaney pitching for Angels. Gallo struck out swinging. Forsythe struck out looking. Odor grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Lucroy grounded out to third. Goodwin grounded out to shortstop. Fletcher grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Heaney pitching for Angels. Cabrera flied out to left. Santana struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Walsh struck out looking. Rengifo grounded out to first. La Stella singled to left. Trout walked, La Stella to second. Ohtani lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Heaney pitching for Angels. Choo homered to right (385 feet). Andrus popped out to second. Pence homered to right (375 feet). Gallo flied out to center. Forsythe struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Calhoun singled to center. Lucroy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Calhoun out at second. Goodwin grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Heaney pitching for Angels. Odor grounded out to first. Cabrera walked. Santana struck out looking. Cabrera to second on passed ball by Lucroy. Kiner-Falefa flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Fletcher singled to deep left center. Walsh struck out looking. Rengifo singled to right, Fletcher to second. La Stella struck out looking. Trout lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Cole pitching for Angels. Choo struck out swinging. Andrus safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Rengifo. Pence doubled to left, Andrus scored. Gallo intentionally walked. Forsythe singled to left, Pence scored, Gallo to third. Odor reached on infield single to second, Gallo scored, Forsythe to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to first, Odor out at second, Forsythe to third. Cabrera stole second. Santana struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 6th. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Ohtani grounded out to first. Calhoun walked. Lucroy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Calhoun out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. García pitching for Angels. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. Choo struck out swinging. Andrus doubled to third. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Andrus out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Goodwin flied out to center. Fletcher singled to center. Springs pitching for Rangers. Walsh doubled to deep center, Fletcher to third. Rengifo singled to right, Fletcher scored and Walsh scored. La Stella singled to left center, Rengifo to second. Trout doubled to left, Rengifo scored, La Stella to third. Dowdy pitching for Rangers. Ohtani hit sacrifice fly to center, La Stella scored on throwing error by center fielder Santana, Trout safe at third on throwing error by center fielder Santana. Calhoun intentionally walked. Trout scored on Dowdy wild pitch, Calhoun to third on runner's fielder's choice. Trout scored on Dowdy wild pitch, Calhoun to third on runner's fielder's choice. Lucroy walked. Goodwin struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Cozart at third base. Fletcher at shortstop. Rengifo at second base. Peña pitching for Angels. Gallo walked. Forsythe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gallo safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Cozart. Odor struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 8th. Miller pitching for Rangers. Fletcher singled to right. Walsh struck out swinging. Rengifo flied out to left. Fletcher stole second. Cozart flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Guzmán hit for Kiner-Falefa. Anderson pitching for Angels. Guzmán struck out, Guzmán to first on wild pitch by Anderson. Choo doubled to right, Guzmán scored. Andrus flied out to right, Choo to third. Pence struck out swinging. Gallo walked. Mazara hit for Forsythe. Mazara grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - Angels 7.	Trout homers, Angels rally for 6 in 7th to edge Rangers 7-6