Angels - Top 1st. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Fletcher lined out to center. Trout singled to right center. Ohtani struck out swinging. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Suarez pitching for Angels. Smith flied out to left. Haniger flied out to right. Encarnación fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Puello struck out looking. La Stella singled to center. Garneau hit by pitch, La Stella to second. Goodwin doubled to center, La Stella scored, Garneau to third. Rengifo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Garneau scored, Goodwin third. Fletcher doubled to deep right, Goodwin scored, Rengifo to third. Trout intentionally walked. Ohtani hit sacrifice fly to right, Rengifo scored, Fletcher to third. Pujols homered to left (362 feet), Fletcher scored and Trout scored. Puello singled to center. La Stella flied out to right. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Suarez pitching for Angels. Santana singled to right. Seager doubled to deep right, Santana to third. Beckham grounded out to second, Santana scored, Seager to third. Narváez grounded out to second, Seager scored. Moore struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Garneau lined out to center. Goodwin popped out to first. Rengifo fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Suarez pitching for Angels. Long walked. Smith grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Long out at second. Haniger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Fletcher singled to left. Trout singled to left, Fletcher to second. Ohtani lined out to left. Pujols lined into double play, shortstop to second, Fletcher doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Suarez pitching for Angels. Encarnación singled to left. Santana walked, Encarnación to second. Seager popped out to third. Beckham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Puello flied out to center. La Stella doubled to right center. Garneau walked. Goodwin grounded out to first, Garneau to second, La Stella to third. Rengifo walked. Sadzeck pitching for Mariners. La Stella scored on Sadzeck wild pitch, Rengifo to second on wild pitch by Sadzeck, Garneau to third on wild pitch by Sadzeck. Fletcher walked. Trout singled to shallow left, Garneau scored and Rengifo scored, Fletcher to second. Ohtani safe at first on error by third baseman Seager, Trout safe at second on error by third baseman Seager, Fletcher safe at third on error by third baseman Seager. Pujols hit ground rule double to deep center, Fletcher scored and Trout scored, Ohtani to third. Puello walked. La Stella grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Suarez pitching for Angels. Narváez walked. Moore flied out to right. Long struck out swinging. Smith singled to left, Narváez to second. Haniger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Bradford pitching for Mariners. Garneau struck out swinging. Goodwin grounded out to third. Rengifo homered to right (424 feet). Fletcher doubled to deep left. Trout grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Suarez pitching for Angels. Encarnación popped out to catcher. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Seager homered to right (386 feet). Ramirez pitching for Angels. Beckham struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Vogelbach at first base. Bradford pitching for Mariners. Ohtani safe at first on error by second baseman Long. Pujols grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Ohtani out at second. Puello grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Narváez struck out swinging. Moore hit by pitch. Long flied out to center. Smith flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Bishop in right field. Biddle pitching for Mariners. La Stella flied out to left. Garneau singled to left. Goodwin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Garneau out at second. Rengifo singled to right center, Goodwin to third. Fletcher grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rengifo out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Calhoun in right field. Goodwin in center field. Allen pitching for Angels. Bishop fouled out to catcher. Vogelbach struck out swinging. Santana walked. Seager walked, Santana to second. Beckham flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Murphy pitching for Mariners. Calhoun flied out to left. Ohtani safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Seager. Lucroy hit for Pujols. Lucroy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ohtani out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Lucroy at first base. Walsh pitching for Angels. Narváez grounded out to pitcher. Moore walked. Long walked, Moore to second. Smith struck out looking. Bishop grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 13 - Mariners 3.	Pujols HR, Suarez wins in debut, Angels rout Mariners 13-3