Athletics - Top 1st. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Semien grounded out to third. Pinder struck out looking. Chapman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Fiers pitching for Athletics. La Stella grounded out to second. Trout struck out swinging. Ohtani popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Davis singled to center. Piscotty grounded into fielder's choice to second, Davis out at second. Canha walked, Piscotty to second. Laureano flied out to center. Profar walked, Canha to second, Piscotty to third. Phegley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Profar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Fiers pitching for Athletics. Calhoun lined out to right. Fletcher grounded out to third. Goodwin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Semien lined out to right. Pinder lined out to right. Chapman lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Fiers pitching for Athletics. Garneau grounded out to third. Walsh struck out swinging. Rengifo hit ground rule double to deep right. La Stella flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Davis struck out swinging. Piscotty singled to right. Piscotty to second on wild pitch by Skaggs. Canha singled to left, Piscotty to third. Laureano singled to center, Piscotty scored, Canha to second. Profar singled to center, Canha scored, Laureano to third. Phegley hit sacrifice fly to right, Laureano scored. Semien struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Fiers pitching for Athletics. Trout flied out to right. Ohtani singled to right. Calhoun singled to deep right, Ohtani to second. Fletcher singled to center, Calhoun to second, Ohtani to third. Goodwin hit sacrifice fly to center, Ohtani scored. Garneau struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Pinder walked. Chapman walked, Pinder to second. Davis singled to right, Pinder scored, Chapman to second, Davis safe at second on throwing error by right fielder Calhoun, Chapman safe at third on throwing error by right fielder Calhoun. Barría pitching for Angels. Piscotty flied out to left, Chapman scored on throwing error by left fielder Goodwin, Davis to third. Canha walked. Laureano hit sacrifice fly to left, Davis scored, Canha to second. Profar struck out looking. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Fiers pitching for Athletics. Walsh grounded out to second. Rengifo struck out swinging. La Stella singled to left. Trout homered to left (403 feet), La Stella scored. Ohtani grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Barria pitching for Angels. Phegley grounded out to third. Semien singled to center. Pinder flied out to right. Semien to second on passed ball by Garneau. Chapman popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Fiers pitching for Athletics. Calhoun singled to center. Fletcher lined out to center. Calhoun stole second. Goodwin struck out swinging. Garneau popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Barria pitching for Angels. Davis flied out to left. Piscotty homered to left (410 feet). Canha walked. Laureano flied out to center. Profar safe at first on error by second baseman Rengifo, Canha to second, Canha safe at third on error by second baseman Rengifo. Phegley grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 7th. Olson at first base. Buchter pitching for Athletics. Walsh lined out to right. Rengifo popped out to second. La Stella reached on infield single to second. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Trout walked, La Stella to second. Ohtani grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Barria pitching for Angels. Semien struck out looking. Pinder struck out swinging. Chapman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Calhoun grounded out to first. Fletcher grounded out to second. Goodwin walked. Garneau grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Barria pitching for Angels. Davis struck out looking. Piscotty struck out swinging. Olson doubled to deep left. Laureano flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Soria pitching for Athletics. Walsh hit ground rule double to deep right. Rengifo grounded out to first, Walsh to third. La Stella grounded out to shortstop, Walsh scored. Trout grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - Angels 4.	Piscotty leads resourceful Athletics past Angels, 7-4