Astros - Top 1st. Heaney pitching for Angels. Springer walked. Altuve singled to deep center, Springer to second. Bregman struck out swinging. Brantley flied out to left. Alvarez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Rondon pitching for Astros. Fletcher doubled to deep right center. Simmons singled to right, Fletcher to third. Ohtani reached on infield single to shortstop, Fletcher scored, Simmons to second. Upton walked, Ohtani to second, Simmons to third. Calhoun hit by pitch, Simmons scored, Upton to second, Ohtani to third. Pujols doubled to right, Calhoun scored, Ohtani scored and Upton scored. Goodwin struck out looking. Smith grounded out to second, Pujols to third. Rengifo tripled to center, Pujols scored. Devenski pitching for Astros. Fletcher flied out to left. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Heaney pitching for Angels. Gurriel singled to right center. White flied out to right. Stassi lined out to left. Marisnick singled to center, Gurriel to second. Springer flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Devenski pitching for Astros. Simmons popped out to second. Ohtani singled to center. Ohtani stole second. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ohtani out at third. Upton stole second. Calhoun walked. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Heaney pitching for Angels. Altuve reached on bunt single to first. Bregman singled to left, Altuve to second. Brantley grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bregman out at second, Altuve to third. Alvarez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Armenteros pitching for Astros. Goodwin singled to right. Smith grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Goodwin out at second. Rengifo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Heaney pitching for Angels. Gurriel doubled to left. White singled to left, Gurriel scored. Stassi struck out swinging. Marisnick flied out to right. Springer reached on infield single to third, White to second. Altuve struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Armenteros pitching for Astros. Fletcher popped out to shortstop. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Ohtani grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Heaney pitching for Angels. Bregman walked. Brantley singled to left, Bregman to second. Alvarez struck out swinging. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Gurriel flied out to center. White singled to left center, Bregman scored, Brantley to second. Stassi lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Armenteros pitching for Astros. Upton grounded out to third. Calhoun struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Marisnick hit by pitch. Marisnick stole second. Springer struck out looking. Altuve flied out to center, Marisnick to third. Bregman walked. Anderson pitching for Angels. Brantley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Armenteros pitching for Astros. Goodwin struck out, Goodwin to first on passed ball by Stassi. Smith grounded out to shortstop, Goodwin to second. Rengifo doubled to shallow left, Goodwin scored. Fletcher walked. Simmons struck out swinging. Ohtani flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Anderson pitching for Angels. Alvarez popped out to shortstop. Cahill pitching for Angels. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. White singled to right. Stassi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Harris pitching for Astros. Upton struck out looking. Calhoun walked. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Calhoun out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Cahill pitching for Angels. Marisnick singled to right. Springer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Marisnick out at second. Altuve struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. James pitching for Astros. Goodwin doubled to left center. Smith grounded out to second, Goodwin to third. Rengifo grounded out to second. Fletcher flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Cahill pitching for Angels. Bregman flied out to center. Brantley singled to center. Brantley to second on wild pitch by Cahill. Alvarez struck out swinging. Gurriel singled to left, Brantley to third. Gurriel to second on fielder's indifference. White grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 2 - Angels 7.	Hinch livid after Angels get 'free shot' at Marisnick