Pirates - Top 1st. Canning pitching for Angels. Frazier flied out to left. Reynolds walked. Marte singled to shallow center, Reynolds to second. Marte out at second on runner's fielder's choice, Reynolds to third on runner's fielder's choice. Bell walked. Moran popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Pirates. Fletcher doubled to left. Trout walked. Ohtani doubled to left, Fletcher scored, Trout to third. Upton grounded out to third, Trout scored. Calhoun walked. Pujols singled to right center, Ohtani scored, Calhoun to third. Thaiss popped out to shortstop. Rengifo struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Canning pitching for Angels. Osuna fouled out to pitcher. Newman singled to right center, Newman safe at second on error by center fielder Trout. Stallings flied out to center, Newman to third. Reyes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Stassi lined out to center. Fletcher walked. Trout flied out to center. Ohtani tripled to left, Fletcher scored. Upton flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Canning pitching for Angels. Frazier singled to left. Reynolds singled to shallow left, Frazier to second. Marte flied out to right, Frazier to third. Bell singled to left, Frazier scored on throwing error by pitcher Canning and Reynolds scored on throwing error by pitcher Canning, Bell safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Canning. Moran doubled to right, Bell scored. Osuna flied out to center. Newman fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Calhoun walked. Pujols walked, Calhoun to second. Thaiss struck out swinging. Rengifo singled to center, Calhoun scored, Pujols to second. Stassi grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rengifo out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Canning pitching for Angels. Stallings flied out to right. Reyes struck out swinging. Frazier walked. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Fletcher singled to center. Trout flied out to right. Ohtani grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fletcher out at second. Upton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Cole pitching for Angels. Marte singled to right. Bell homered to center (410 feet), Marte scored. Moran singled to center. Osuna doubled to left, Moran scored. Newman grounded out to third. Stallings lined out to third. Reyes singled to center, Osuna scored, Reyes to second. García pitching for Angels. Frazier struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Calhoun doubled to right. Pujols grounded out to second, Calhoun to third. Thaiss flied into double play, center to catcher, Calhoun out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for Angels. Reynolds walked. Marte singled to center, Reynolds to second. Bell struck out swinging. Moran walked, Marte to second, Reynolds to third. Osuna hit sacrifice fly to left, Reynolds scored, Marte to third. Newman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Rengifo grounded out to shortstop. Stassi struck out looking. Fletcher singled to center. Trout walked, Fletcher to second. Ohtani struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Jewell pitching for Angels. Stallings grounded out to second. Reyes hit by pitch. Frazier doubled to deep left center, Reyes scored, Frazier thrown out at third. Reynolds homered to center (389 feet). Marte flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Upton struck out swinging. Calhoun lined out to second. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Jewell pitching for Angels. Bell struck out swinging. Moran grounded out to second. Osuna singled to center. Newman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Osuna out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Thaiss grounded out to first. Rengifo struck out swinging. Stassi grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Jewell pitching for Angels. Stallings grounded out to shortstop. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. Frazier singled to right. Reynolds reached on infield single to second, Frazier to second. Marte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Fletcher reached on infield single to catcher. Trout walked, Fletcher to second. Ohtani grounded into fielder's choice to second, Trout out at second, Fletcher to third. Ohtani stole second. Upton singled to right center, Fletcher scored and Ohtani scored. Vázquez pitching for Pirates. Calhoun grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Upton out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 10 - Angels 7.	Bell's HR, 3 RBIs help Pirates take down Angels 10-7