Angels - Top 1st. Verlander pitching for Astros. Fletcher flied out to center. Goodwin walked. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Goodwin out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Springer homered to left (377 feet). Altuve flied out to right. Brantley walked. Bregman flied out to right. Alvarez singled to right center, Brantley to second. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Alvarez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Verlander pitching for Astros. Calhoun grounded out to second. Simmons grounded out to third. Walsh tripled to deep center. Hermosillo tripled to deep left, Walsh scored. Thaiss grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Díaz singled to right. Chirinos struck out swinging. Reddick fouled out to third. Díaz to second on wild pitch by Rodríguez. Springer homered to left (379 feet), Díaz scored. Altuve grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Verlander pitching for Astros. Bemboom singled to right. Fletcher grounded out to catcher, Bemboom to second. Goodwin struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Suarez pitching for Angels. Brantley struck out looking. Bregman hit by pitch. Alvarez doubled to deep left, Bregman to third. Gurriel flied out to right. Díaz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Verlander pitching for Astros. Calhoun singled to right. Simmons doubled to left, Calhoun to third. Walsh grounded out to shortstop, Calhoun scored, Simmons to third. Hermosillo struck out looking. Thaiss struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Suarez pitching for Angels. Chirinos popped out to first. Reddick struck out swinging. Springer homered to left (375 feet). Altuve flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Verlander pitching for Astros. Bemboom struck out swinging. Fletcher lined out to left. Goodwin singled to shallow right. Pujols walked, Goodwin to second. Calhoun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Del Pozo pitching for Angels. Brantley singled to left center. Bregman homered to left (387 feet), Brantley scored. Alvarez doubled to deep center. Anderson pitching for Angels. Gurriel reached on infield single to second, Alvarez to third. Díaz walked, Gurriel to second. Chirinos singled to center, Alvarez scored and Gurriel scored, Díaz to second. Reddick walked, Chirinos to second, Díaz to third. Springer popped out to second. Díaz scored, Reddick to second on passed ball by Bemboom, Chirinos to third on passed ball by Bemboom. Altuve singled to center, Chirinos scored, Reddick to third. Jewell pitching for Angels. Brantley grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Altuve out at second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Toro at third base. Díaz at first base. Peacock pitching for Astros. Simmons flied out to center. Walsh walked. Hermosillo struck out swinging. Thaiss flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Jewell pitching for Angels. Bregman grounded out to shortstop. Alvarez singled to center. Toro walked, Alvarez to second. Tucker ran for Alvarez. Díaz homered to left (359 feet), Tucker scored and Toro scored. Chirinos flied out to left. Reddick grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Tucker as designated hitter. Valdez pitching for Astros. Bemboom walked. Fletcher singled to left, Bemboom to second. Goodwin walked, Fletcher to second, Bemboom to third. James pitching for Astros. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bemboom scored, Goodwin safe at second on error by third baseman Toro, Fletcher to third. Calhoun fouled out to third. Simmons singled to shallow left, Fletcher scored, Pujols to second, Goodwin to third. Walsh struck out swinging. Hermosillo walked, Goodwin scored, Simmons to second, Pujols to third. Thaiss flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 7th. Fletcher at shortstop. Ward in left field. Cowart at second base. Hermosillo in right field. Cahill pitching for Angels. Springer grounded out to pitcher. Altuve walked. Brantley grounded out to first, Altuve to second. Bregman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Bemboom flied out to center. Fletcher popped out to second. Goodwin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Cahill pitching for Angels. Tucker flied out to right. Toro grounded out to shortstop. Díaz singled to left. Chirinos grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Osuna pitching for Astros. Pujols struck out swinging. Ward struck out swinging. Cowart fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Astros 13.	Springer 3 HRs, Verlander 20th win, Astros clinch AL West