Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Eaton pitching for Padres . Finley grounded out to shortstop . Kata reached on infield single to third . Gonzalez walked , Kata to second . Sexson homered to left , Kata and Gonzalez scored . Cintron doubled to right . Hillenbrand walked . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cintron to third , Hillenbrand to second . Estalella struck out swinging . Sparks struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs grounded out to shortstop . Loretta singled to right . Giles grounded out to pitcher , Loretta to second . Nevin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Eaton pitching for Padres . Finley grounded out to second . Kata grounded out to third . Gonzalez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Klesko flied out to left . Payton singled to center . Hernandez singled to right , Payton to third . Greene grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hernandez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Eaton pitching for Padres . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . Cintron singled to right . Hillenbrand lined out to third . Cintron caught stealing second , catcher to second . Bautista batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Eaton lined out to pitcher . Burroughs singled to center . Loretta singled to left , Burroughs to third . Giles grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Burroughs out at home , Loretta to second . Nevin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Eaton pitching for Padres . Bautista grounded out to third . Estalella struck out swinging . Sparks struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Klesko flied out to center . Payton doubled to left . Hernandez struck out swinging . Greene singled to left , Payton scored . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Greene out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Eaton pitching for Padres . Finley flied out to center . Kata struck out swinging . Gonzalez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs singled to center . Loretta hit by pitch , Burroughs to second . Giles grounded out to shortstop , Burroughs to third , Loretta to second . Nevin struck out swinging . Klesko popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Eaton pitching for Padres . Sexson singled to center . Cintron walked , Sexson to second . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sexson out at third , Cintron to second . Bautista grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hillenbrand out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton walked . Hernandez flied out to center . Long hit for Eaton . Greene doubled to shallow right , Payton to third . Long hit sacrifice fly to center , Payton scored . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs walked . Szuminski pitching for Padres . Loretta grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Baerga hit for Koplove . Szuminski pitching for Padres . Estalella homered to left . Baerga hit by pitch . Finley grounded out to second , Baerga to second . Kata struck out swinging . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Baerga out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles struck out swinging . Nevin hit by pitch . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Klesko singled to center , Nevin to second . Nevin to third , Klesko to second on wild pitch by Villarreal . Payton popped out to first . Ojeda catching . San Diego 's Hernandez ejected by Dreckman in the 8th . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Szuminski pitching for Padres . Cintron grounded out to second . Hillenbrand hit by pitch . Witasick pitching for Padres . Bautista singled to left , Hillenbrand to second . Alomar hit for Villarreal . Estalella grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hillenbrand out at third , Bautista to second . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Alomar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Vazquez hit for Witasick . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Greene struck out swinging . Vazquez grounded out to first . Oropesa pitching for Padres . Burroughs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Oropesa pitching for Padres . Finley struck out swinging . Kata struck out looking . Gonzalez homered to right . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Sadler in left field . Sexson flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Loretta singled to right . Giles walked , Loretta to second . Nevin singled to center , Loretta scored , Giles to second . Buchanan ran for Nevin . Klesko homered to left , Giles and Buchanan scored . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Padres 6 .	Klesko 's 3 - run shot boosts Padres past Arizona