Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Finley flied out to right . Alomar singled to center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Alomar to second on wild pitch by Sheets . Sexson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Podsednik grounded out to second . Counsell struck out swinging . Spivey singled to right . Spivey caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Jenkins batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Cintron fouled out to shortstop . Hillenbrand flied out to center . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Jenkins grounded out to shortstop . Overbay grounded out to first . Helms grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Hammock flied out to right . Dessens grounded out to pitcher . Finley doubled to deep right . Alomar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Grieve lined out to center . Moeller reached on infield single to third . Sheets sacrificed to catcher , Moeller to second . Podsednik grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Sexson grounded out to third . Cintron grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Counsell lined out to right . Spivey doubled to left . Jenkins struck out swinging . Overbay singled to left , Spivey scored . Helms safe at first on error by second baseman Alomar , Overbay to second . Grieve walked , Overbay to third , Helms to second . Moeller struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Bautista doubled to deep right . Hammock grounded out to pitcher , Bautista to third . Dessens struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Sheets grounded out to second . Podsednik bunt grounded out to pitcher . Counsell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Finley struck out swinging . Kata ran for Alomar . Alomar hit by pitch . Gonzalez hit ground rule double to deep right , Kata to third . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kata out at home . Cintron doubled to deep right , Gonzalez and Sexson scored , Cintron to third advancing on throw . Kata at second base . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Spivey singled to left . Jenkins homered to right , Spivey scored . Overbay singled to center . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark hit for Grieve . Helms singled to right , Overbay to second . Clark struck out swinging . Ginter hit for Sheets . Moeller struck out swinging . Ginter walked , Overbay to third , Helms to second . Clark in right field . Burba pitching for Brewers . Podsednik struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Burba pitching for Brewers . Bautista singled to left . Baerga hit for Randolph . Hammock bunt popped out to pitcher . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Baerga grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Counsell singled to left , Counsell to second on throwing error by left fielder Gonzalez . Spivey popped out to shortstop . Jenkins intentionally walked . Overbay singled to right center , Counsell scored , Jenkins to third . Helms struck out swinging . Clark grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Overbay out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Burba pitching for Brewers . Finley popped out to third . Kata singled to left . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez singled to left center , Kata to third . Sexson struck out swinging . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Cintron fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Hall hit for Vizcaino . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Moeller struck out swinging . Hall lined out to first . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Podsednik flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Bautista singled to right . Hammock grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Brewers 4 .	Ex - Diamondbacks help Brewers win