Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Finley flied out to right . Kata grounded out to first . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Podsednik doubled to deep left . Counsell grounded out to second , Podsednik to third . Spivey walked . Jenkins grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Spivey out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Sexson grounded out to third . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . Bautista homered to center . Tracy singled to center . Hammock grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Tracy out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Overbay struck out swinging . Helms grounded out to pitcher . Clark grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Webb flied out to left . Finley grounded out to first . Kata doubled to deep right center . Gonzalez walked . Sexson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Bennett grounded out to shortstop . Obermueller struck out looking . Podsednik walked . Podsednik stole second . Counsell walked . Spivey popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Cintron popped out to shortstop . Bautista flied out to center . Tracy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Jenkins homered to right . Overbay singled to right . Helms grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Overbay out at second . Clark struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Hammock flied out to center . Webb struck out looking . Finley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Bennett grounded out to shortstop . Obermueller struck out swinging . Podsednik walked . Podsednik stole second . Counsell reached on infield single to first , Podsednik to third . Spivey safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Tracy , Podsednik scored , Counsell to third . Jenkins safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron , Counsell scored , Spivey to second . Overbay doubled to deep center , Spivey and Jenkins scored . Helms struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Kata tripled to deep right . Gonzalez singled to center , Kata scored . Sexson doubled to deep left , Gonzalez to third . Cintron hit sacrifice fly to right , Gonzalez scored . Bautista homered to left , Sexson scored . Burba pitching for Brewers . Ginter at third base . Burba pitching for Brewers . Ginter at third base . Tracy doubled to deep center . Baerga hit for Webb . Hammock flied out to right . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Baerga struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark flied out to left . Bennett flied out to left . Ginter walked . Podsednik walked , Ginter to second . Counsell walked , Ginter to third , Podsednik to second . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Spivey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Counsell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Burba pitching for Brewers . Finley grounded out to second . Kata grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez walked . Sexson walked , Gonzalez to second . Cintron safe at third on error by first baseman Overbay , Gonzalez and Sexson scored . Milwaukee 's Coach Nelson ejected by Everitt in the 7th . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Jenkins walked . Grieve hit for Burba . Overbay doubled to deep left , Jenkins scored . Grieve struck out swinging . Clark grounded out to shortstop , Overbay to third . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Bennett grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Tracy popped out to shortstop . Colbrunn hit for Koplove . Hammock hit ground rule double to deep left . Colbrunn struck out swinging . Ford pitching for Brewers . Finley singled to right , Hammock scored , Finley to second advancing on throw . Kata walked . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Sadler in left field . Gonzalez lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Ginter struck out swinging . Podsednik grounded out to second . Counsell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Ford pitching for Brewers . Sexson flied out to right . Cintron doubled to deep left center . Bautista singled to left , Cintron scored . Tracy singled to center , Bautista to second . Hammock struck out looking , Bautista stole third , Tracy stole second . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Sadler grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Spivey struck out swinging . Jenkins walked . Kieschnick hit for Ford . Overbay doubled to deep right , Jenkins scored . Kieschnick homered to right , Overbay scored . Clark grounded out to pitcher . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Bennett struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Finley singled to left . Hillenbrand hit for Mantei . Kata safe at first on error by shortstop Counsell , Finley to second . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Sexson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kata out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 10th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Ginter struck out swinging . Podsednik struck out swinging . Hernandez pitching for Brewers . Hall at shortstop . Counsell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 11th . Hernandez pitching for Brewers . Cintron grounded out to third . Bautista doubled to right . Tracy flied out to center . Hammock struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 11th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Spivey struck out looking . Jenkins struck out looking . Overbay walked . Hall struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 12th . Hernandez pitching for Brewers . Sadler reached on infield single to shortstop . Spivey at shortstop . Durrington at second base . Finley bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Sadler out at second . Mayne hit for Choate . Kata walked , Finley to second . Mayne flied out to left . Mayne catching . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kata out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 12th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark flied out to right . Bennett struck out swinging . Ginter grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 13th . Hernandez pitching for Brewers . Cintron singled to left . Bautista popped out to second . Tracy popped out to shortstop . Cintron caught stealing second , catcher to second . Villarreal batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 13th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Podsednik struck out swinging . Hernandez struck out swinging . Daigle hit for Villarreal . Spivey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 14th . Hernandez pitching for Brewers . Daigle batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 14th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Jenkins grounded out to second . Overbay flied out to center . Durrington struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 15th . Hernandez pitching for Brewers . Kata singled to center . Mayne sacrificed to pitcher , Kata to second . Sexson popped out to catcher . Cintron walked . Bautista singled to right , Kata scored , Cintron to third . Tracy singled to center , Cintron scored , Bautista to second . Sparks struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 15th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark flied out to right . Bennett struck out swinging . Ginter popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 11 - Brewers 9 .	Bautista a hit as Diamondbacks beat Brewers in 15