Giants - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez reached on infield single to shortstop . Alfonzo flied out to right . Grissom flied out to left . Bonds hit by pitch , Perez to second . Feliz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Tomko pitching for Giants . Hairston grounded out to second . Finley flied out to center . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Hammonds flied out to right . Cruz grounded out to second . Torrealba walked . Tomko struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Tomko pitching for Giants . Gonzalez singled to right . Hillenbrand doubled to deep center , Gonzalez to third . Tracy singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Hillenbrand to third . Cintron popped out to shortstop . Hammock doubled to deep right , Hillenbrand and Tracy scored , Hammock out stretching at third . Johnson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Alfonzo grounded out to third . Grissom struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Tomko pitching for Giants . Hairston singled to right . Finley grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hairston out at second . Bautista flied out to left . Gonzalez singled to right , Finley to second . Hillenbrand doubled to left , Finley scored , Gonzalez to third . Tracy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonds grounded out to first . Feliz flied out to right . Hammonds walked . Cruz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Tomko pitching for Giants . Cintron doubled to center . Hammock doubled to deep left center , Cintron scored . Johnson sacrificed to pitcher , Hammock to third . Franklin pitching for Giants . Hairston walked . Finley struck out swinging . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hairston out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba struck out swinging . Franklin reached on infield single to catcher . Perez doubled to left , Franklin to third . Alfonzo reached on infield single to shortstop , Franklin scored . Grissom homered to left , Perez and Alfonzo scored . Bonds grounded out to second . Feliz lined out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Franklin pitching for Giants . Gonzalez walked . Hillenbrand homered to left , Gonzalez scored . Tracy grounded out to second . Cintron singled to right . Olson hit for Johnson . Hammock flied out to center . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Olson flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Hammonds struck out looking . Cruz doubled to deep center . Minor hit for Franklin . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop , Cruz to third . Walker pitching for Giants . Minor struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Walker pitching for Giants . Hairston tripled to deep right . Finley walked . Bautista grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hairston scored , Finley out at second . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez singled to center . Alfonzo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Perez out at second . Nance pitching for Diamondbacks . Grissom reached on infield single to shortstop . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonds singled to right , Grissom to second . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bonds out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Walker pitching for Giants . Hillenbrand struck out looking . Tracy flied out to right . Cintron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Hammonds struck out looking . Cruz doubled to left . Tucker hit for Walker . Torrealba grounded out to pitcher . Tucker doubled to center , Cruz scored . Perez singled to center , Tucker scored . Eyre pitching for Giants . Alfonzo flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Sadler hit for Dessens . Eyre pitching for Giants . Hammock grounded out to third . Sadler popped out to first . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Grissom struck out swinging . Bonds popped out to first . Feliz singled to left . Hammonds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 6 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Johnson earns fourth win in a row for D - Backs