Giants - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Tucker grounded out to second . Alfonzo singled to left . Grissom doubled to left , Alfonzo to third . Bonds intentionally walked . Alfonzo scored , Grissom to third , Bonds to second on wild pitch by Webb . Feliz walked . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Grissom and Bonds scored on throwing error by first baseman Hillenbrand , Feliz safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Hillenbr . Minor walked , Pierzynski to second . Perez hit sacrifice fly to right , Feliz scored , Pierzynski to third . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Minor out at second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Giants . Hairston struck out swinging . Finley grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Tucker struck out swinging . Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop . Grissom singled to left . Bonds grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Giants . Hillenbrand reached on infield single to shortstop . Tracy singled to center , Hillenbrand to second . Cintron doubled to deep right , Hillenbrand scored , Tracy to third . Devore reached on infield single to shortstop , Tracy scored , Cintron to third . Mayne grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cintron scored , Devore out at second , Mayne to first , Mayne to second on throwing error by shortstop Feliz . Webb sacrificed to catcher , Mayne to third . Hairston walked . Finley flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Feliz grounded out to second . Pierzynski flied out to left . Minor struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Giants . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Tracy safe at first on error by shortstop Feliz . Cintron flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Williams flied out to center . Tucker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Giants . Devore struck out looking . Mayne grounded out to second . Webb struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop . Grissom grounded out to third . Bonds walked . Feliz walked , Bonds to second . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Giants . Hairston grounded out to third . Finley grounded out to second . Gonzalez doubled to right . Hillenbrand singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Hillenbrand to second advancing on throw . Tracy singled to right , Hillenbrand scored . Cintron doubled to deep left center , Tracy scored . Devore lined out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Minor grounded out to second . Mohr hit for Williams . Perez singled to center . Mohr struck out swinging . Brower pitching for Giants . Tucker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Olson hit for Webb . Brower pitching for Giants . Mayne singled to center . Olson flied out to center . Hairston struck out looking . Finley walked , Mayne to second . Gonzalez tripled to deep center , Mayne and Finley scored . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Alfonzo walked . Grissom struck out swinging . Bonds walked , Alfonzo to second . Feliz flied out to right . Cruz hit for Minor . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierzynski singled to left , Alfonzo scored , Bonds to second . Feliz at first base . Cruz at shortstop . Franklin pitching for Giants . Cruz flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Franklin pitching for Giants . Tracy struck out swinging . Cintron flied out to right . Devore homered to right . Mayne singled to center . Mayne stole second . Service grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Dallimore hit for Franklin . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez struck out looking . Dallimore singled to left . Tucker struck out swinging . Alfonzo singled to right , Dallimore to third . Herges pitching for Giants . Dallimore at third base . Grissom fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Herges pitching for Giants . Hairston singled to left . Finley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hairston out at second . Gonzalez singled to center . Hillenbrand hit by pitch , Gonzalez to second . Tracy singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Hillenbrand to third . Eyre pitching for Giants . Cintron singled to shallow center , Hillenbrand scored , Tracy to second . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba hit for Bonds . Devore grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Feliz struck out swinging . Pierzynski struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 5 - Diamondbacks 11 .	D - Backs take last three from Giants