Dodgers - Top 1st . Izturis singled to right . Izturis caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Werth struck out looking . Bradley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Hairston walked . Finley struck out swinging . Bautista doubled to deep right center , Hairston scored , Bautista to third on throwing error by center fielder Bradley . Gonzalez reached on infield single to second , Bautista scored , Gonzalez to second on throwing error by second baseman Hernandez . Hillenbrand singled to left , Gonzalez to third . Tracy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at home , Hillenbrand to second . Cintron flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Green struck out swinging . Lo Duca singled to left . Beltre hit ground rule double to deep left , Lo Duca to third . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Hernandez intentionally walked . Ishii grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Hammock flied out to center . Fossum struck out swinging . Hairston walked . Hairston caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Finley batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Izturis singled to left . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Izturis out at second . Werth to second on balk by Fossum . Bradley singled to right , Werth scored . Green doubled to deep center , Bradley to third . Lo Duca homered to left , Bradley and Green scored . Beltre flied out to center . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Finley grounded out to first . Bautista flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Hernandez walked . Ishii sacrificed to pitcher , Hernandez to second . Izturis grounded out to shortstop , Hernandez to third . Werth walked . Bradley hit ground rule double to deep right , Hernandez scored , Werth to third . Green grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Hillenbrand walked . Tracy flied out to center . Cintron popped out to second . Olson hit for Fossum . Hammock walked , Hillenbrand to second . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Olson fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Lo Duca flied out to right . Beltre doubled to deep right . Encarnacion flied out to right . Hernandez intentionally walked . Ishii grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beltre out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Hairston grounded out to third . Finley flied out to left . Bautista walked . Gonzalez walked , Bautista to second . Hillenbrand singled to left , Bautista scored , Gonzalez to third . Tracy grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Werth grounded out to third . Lima pitching for Dodgers . Bradley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Cintron singled to left . Devore hit for Dessens . Hammock struck out swinging . Devore walked , Cintron to second . Devore out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Green grounded out to shortstop . Lo Duca flied out to left . Dreifort pitching for Dodgers . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Finley struck out swinging . Bautista struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Encarnacion flied out to left . Grabowski hit for Dreifort . Hernandez reached on infield single to third . Hernandez stole second . Grabowski struck out swinging . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Izturis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Hillenbrand singled to left . Tracy grounded out to second , Hillenbrand to second . Cintron grounded out to second , Hillenbrand to third . Hammock grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Nance pitching for Diamondbacks . Werth homered to left . Bradley popped out to second . Green walked . Green stole second . Lo Duca struck out swinging . Beltre intentionally walked . Encarnacion doubled to deep left , Green scored , Beltre to third . Hernandez intentionally walked . Baerga hit for Nance . Mota struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Baerga grounded out to second . Hairston grounded out to shortstop . Finley singled to right . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Finley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 7 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Ishii too much for D - Backs again , Dodgers win