Dodgers - Top 1st . Roberts flied out to right . Izturis grounded out to third . Bradley singled to left center . Green flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Hairston grounded out to shortstop . Finley struck out swinging . Bautista grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Beltre homered to left . Encarnacion flied out to center . Ross flied out to right . Cora lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez flied out to center . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Tracy doubled to right . Hammock flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Weaver grounded out to shortstop . Roberts bunt grounded out to second . Izturis singled to center . Bradley safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Tracy , Izturis scored . Green grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Cintron popped out to third . Sparks grounded out to pitcher . Hairston flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion flied out to center . Ross singled to left . Cora singled to center , Ross to second . Weaver flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Finley reached on bunt single to third . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Finley out at second . Gonzalez doubled to left , Bautista scored . Hillenbrand singled to right , Gonzalez to third . Tracy grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hillenbrand out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Roberts doubled to deep center . Izturis reached on infield single to third , Roberts to third . Roberts scored , Izturis to second on passed ball by Hammock . Bradley walked . Green safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Sparks , Izturis scored , Bradley to third . Beltre lined into double play , to third , Bradley doubled off third . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Encarnacion safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron , Green to second . Ross struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Hammock grounded out to pitcher . Devore hit for Koplove . Cintron flied out to right . Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks . Devore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Cora singled to right . Weaver struck out bunting foul . Roberts lined into double play , to first , Cora doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Hairston tripled to deep left center . Finley hit sacrifice fly to center , Hairston scored . Bautista singled to left . Gonzalez singled to right , Bautista to second . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . Bradley reached on infield single to shortstop . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bradley out at second . Dreifort pitching for Dodgers . Beltre flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Tracy walked . Hammock doubled to deep right , Tracy scored . Baerga hit for Service . Cintron sacrificed to first , Hammock to third . Baerga singled to left , Hammock scored . Martin pitching for Dodgers . Fossum ran for Baerga . Hairston struck out swinging . Finley singled to center , Fossum to second . Bautista singled to center , Fossum scored , Finley to third . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Grabowski hit for Ross . Encarnacion reached on infield single to second . Grabowski singled to left , Encarnacion to second . Ventura hit for Martin . Cora sacrificed to pitcher , Encarnacion to third , Grabowski to second . Ventura struck out swinging . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Lo Duca hit for Izturis . Roberts walked . Lo Duca catching . Hernandez at shortstop . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Lo Duca struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Hillenbrand singled to right . Tracy grounded out to second , Hillenbrand to second . Hammock doubled to deep center , Hillenbrand scored . Hammock caught stealing third , catcher to third . Cintron flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Bradley struck out swinging . Green grounded out to first . Beltre homered to right center . Encarnacion doubled to right . Encarnacion to third on wild pitch by Valverde . Hernandez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 5 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Dodgers ' pen falters