Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Hairston flied out to center . Finley singled to left center . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Finley out at second . Gonzalez walked , Bautista to second . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bautista out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Infante singled to right . Higginson flied out to center . Infante caught stealing second , catcher to second . Guillen doubled to deep left center . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Colbrunn fouled out to first . Olson grounded out to third . Brito fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . White fouled out to third . Pena singled to center . Monroe struck out swinging . Munson singled to center , Pena to third . DiFelice singled to left , Pena scored , Munson to second . Infante singled to center , Munson scored , DiFelice to second . Higginson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Green singled to right . Hairston singled to center , Green to second . Finley sacrificed to first , Green to third , Hairston to second . Bautista homered to left , Green and Hairston scored . Gonzalez flied out to left . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Guillen grounded out to third . Young doubled to left . White flied out to center , Young to third . Pena grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Colbrunn grounded out to second . Olson flied out to center . Brito grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Monroe popped out to shortstop . Munson singled to center . DiFelice grounded into double play , third to second to first , Munson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Green grounded out to shortstop . Hairston flied out to left . Finley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Infante popped out to third . Higginson grounded out to first . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Bautista singled to center . Gonzalez doubled to right , Bautista to third . Hillenbrand singled to left , Bautista scored , Gonzalez to third . Colbrunn singled to left , Gonzalez scored , Hillenbrand to second . Patterson pitching for Tigers . Olson singled to left center , Hillenbrand to third , Colbrunn to second . Brito grounded into double play , catcher to first , Hillenbrand out at home . Green popped out to first . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Young singled to right . White homered to left , Young scored . Pena struck out looking . Monroe doubled to deep left center . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Munson struck out swinging . DiFelice grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Patterson pitching for Tigers . Hairston grounded out to third . Walker pitching for Tigers . Finley struck out swinging . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Infante struck out looking . Higginson doubled to deep right . Guillen doubled to deep right , Higginson scored . Young struck out swinging . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . White intentionally walked . Pena grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Hillenbrand struck out looking . Colbrunn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Monroe walked . Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks . Munson struck out swinging . Monroe caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . DiFelice flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Olson grounded out to third . Brito flied out to center . Green flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Infante doubled to deep center . Higginson flied out to right , Infante to third . Guillen intentionally walked . Young intentionally walked , Guillen to second . White struck out swinging . Pena homered to right , Infante , Guillen and Young scored . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Tigers 9 .	Peña 's walk - off slam in 9th fuels Tigers ' win