Padres - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs grounded out to second . Loretta grounded out to second . Giles doubled to deep center . Klesko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Alomar singled to right . Finley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Alomar out at second . Bautista grounded into double play , second to first , Finley out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Long singled to center . Payton singled to center , Long to second . Quintero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Long safe at third on error by third baseman Tracy , Payton to second . Vazquez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Long out at home , Payton to third , Quintero to second . Payton scored , Quintero to third , Vazquez to second on wild pitch by Webb . Lawrence struck out swinging . Burroughs flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Hillenbrand walked . Tracy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hillenbrand out at second . Olson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Loretta grounded out to shortstop . Giles singled to right . Klesko grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Giles out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Brito struck out swinging . Webb struck out swinging . Alomar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Long walked . Payton grounded into double play , second to first , Long out at second . Quintero grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Finley grounded out to first . Bautista walked . Gonzalez flied out to left . Hillenbrand singled to center , Bautista to second . Tracy homered to right center , Bautista and Hillenbrand scored . Olson walked . Brito safe at first on error by third baseman Burroughs , Olson to second . Webb grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Vazquez walked . Lawrence sacrificed to first , Vazquez to second , Lawrence safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Webb . Vazquez to third on throwing error by pitcher Webb . Burroughs reached on infield single to shortstop , Vazquez scored . Loretta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Burroughs out at second , Lawrence to third , Loretta to first , Lawrence scored , Loretta to second on throwing error by shortstop Olson . Giles singled to center , Loretta scored . Klesko walked , Giles to second . Long grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Klesko out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Alomar grounded out to second . Finley singled to center . Bautista flied out to center . Gonzalez doubled to deep right , Finley scored . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton grounded out to second . Quintero struck out swinging . Vazquez reached on infield single to shortstop . Lawrence lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Tracy walked . Olson flied out to right . Brito flied out to center . Webb struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs grounded out to second . Loretta safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Olson . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles doubled to deep center , Loretta scored . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Klesko struck out looking . Giles to third on wild pitch by Randolph . Neal pitching for Padres . Long struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Neal pitching for Padres . Alomar walked . Finley singled to left , Alomar to third . Beck pitching for Padres . Bautista doubled to deep center , Alomar and Finley scored . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Bautista to third . Hillenbrand grounded out to pitcher . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton reached on infield single to second . Quintero struck out swinging . Robinson hit for Beck . Vazquez flied out to left . Puffer pitching for Padres . Robinson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Payton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Puffer pitching for Padres . Olson walked . McCracken hit for Dessens . Brito popped out to shortstop . McCracken homered to right , Olson scored . Alomar singled to right . Finley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alomar out at second . Bautista singled to right , Finley to third . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken in left field . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs grounded out to shortstop . Loretta singled to right . Giles singled to center , Loretta to third . Klesko fouled out to catcher . Long grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 5 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Not rattled : D - Backs rally thrice to snap streak