Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Estes pitching for Rockies . McCracken grounded out to second . Olson grounded out to third . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Miles safe at first on error by second baseman Hairston . Clayton grounded out to shortstop , Miles to second . Helton walked . Walker flied out to left . Wilson singled to right , Miles scored , Helton to second . Helton to third , Wilson to second on wild pitch by Webb . Burnitz popped out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Estes pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand singled to left . Cintron grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Hillenbrand out at second . Hairston flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson grounded out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Estes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Estes pitching for Rockies . Tracy singled to left . Brito grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tracy out at second . Webb struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Miles walked . Clayton grounded out to third , Miles to second . Helton walked . Walker grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Estes pitching for Rockies . McCracken doubled to deep right center . Olson bunt popped out foul to third . Gonzalez fouled out to third . Hillenbrand singled to right , McCracken scored . Cintron lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson singled to left . Wilson stole second . Burnitz struck out swinging . Wilson to third on wild pitch by Webb . Johnson struck out swinging . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Estes popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Estes pitching for Rockies . Hairston tripled to deep right . Tracy hit sacrifice fly to right , Hairston scored . Brito grounded out to pitcher . Webb walked . McCracken struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Miles struck out looking . Clayton singled to right . Helton flied out to left . Walker flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Estes pitching for Rockies . Olson doubled to left . Gonzalez flied out to left . Hillenbrand grounded out to second , Olson to third . Cintron walked . Hairston walked , Cintron to second . Tracy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson doubled to deep center . Burnitz singled to right , Wilson scored . Johnson safe at first on error by first baseman Hillenbrand , Burnitz to second . Sweeney hit for Estes . Gonzalez hit by pitch , Burnitz to third , Johnson to second . Sweeney safe at first on error by second baseman Hairston , Burnitz and Johnson scored , Gonzalez to third . Miles hit sacrifice fly to center , Gonzalez scored , Sweeney to second . Clayton flied out to right . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton singled to right , Sweeney scored . Walker hit by pitch , Helton to second . Simpson pitching for Rockies . Wilson struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Bautista hit for Choate . Simpson pitching for Rockies . Brito struck out swinging . Bautista struck out looking . McCracken walked . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Olson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Burnitz walked . Johnson grounded out to shortstop , Burnitz to second . Greene hit for Simpson . Gonzalez flied out to center , Burnitz to third . Greene singled to right , Burnitz scored . Miles doubled to deep center , Greene to third . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Clayton lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez popped out to first . Hillenbrand popped out to second . Cintron grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton flied out to center . Walker reached on infield single to second . Wilson walked , Walker to second . Burnitz grounded out to first , Walker to third , Wilson to second . Olson at shortstop . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Terrero in center field . Johnson walked . Gonzalez singled to right , Walker scored , Wilson tagged out at home , Johnson to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Hairston homered to left . Tracy singled to left . Brito popped out to third . Terrero walked , Tracy to second . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . McCracken flied out to left . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Olson walked , Tracy to third , Terrero to second . Gonzalez walked , Tracy scored , Terrero to third , Olson to second . Hillenbrand flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Rockies 8 .	Estes park : Rockies get solid start