Marlins - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre bunt grounded out to pitcher . Castillo singled to left center . Lo Duca flied out to right . Castillo stole second . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Beckett pitching for Marlins . McCracken singled to left . Alomar doubled to deep left , McCracken scored . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Hillenbrand grounded out to first , Alomar to third . Tracy singled to center , Alomar scored . Terrero struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera singled to center , Cabrera to second on error by center fielder Terrero . Conine walked . Encarnacion singled to center , Cabrera scored , Conine to third . Gonzalez flied out to center . Beckett sacrificed to catcher , Encarnacion to second . Pierre lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Cintron doubled to deep center . Brito safe at first on error by first baseman Conine , Cintron to third . Johnson safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Conine , Brito to second . McCracken doubled to deep right center , Cintron and Brito scored , Johnson to third . Alomar struck out looking . Bautista struck out swinging . Hillenbrand singled to right , Johnson and McCracken scored . Tracy struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Castillo struck out swinging . Lo Duca fouled out to first . Lowell popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Terrero grounded out to third . Cintron singled to right . Brito struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera flied out to right . Conine struck out looking . Encarnacion flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . McCracken grounded out to second . Alomar singled to center . Bautista walked , Alomar to second . Hillenbrand struck out looking . Tracy doubled to right , Alomar and Bautista scored . Terrero grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Aguila hit for Beckett . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez fouled out to right . Aguila struck out looking . Pierre walked . Howard pitching for Marlins . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pierre out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Howard pitching for Marlins . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . Brito struck out looking . Johnson doubled to deep right . McCracken grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Lo Duca doubled to right . Lowell grounded out to third . Cabrera singled to right , Lo Duca scored . Conine flied out to center . Encarnacion reached on infield single to third , Cabrera to second . Mordecai hit for Howard . Gonzalez homered to center , Cabrera and Encarnacion scored . Bump pitching for Marlins . Mordecai struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Bump pitching for Marlins . Alomar homered to right . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Tracy walked . Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks . Terrero lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop . Castillo walked , Pierre to second . Lo Duca grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Castillo out at second , Pierre to third . Lowell singled to left , Pierre scored . Manzanillo pitching for Marlins . Cabrera lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Manzanillo pitching for Marlins . Cintron flied out to center . Baerga hit for Fetters . Brito singled to right . Brito stole second . Baerga walked . McCracken walked , Brito to third , Baerga to second . Alomar singled to left , Brito scored , Baerga to third , McCracken to second . Perisho pitching for Marlins . Bautista singled to right , Baerga scored , McCracken to third , Alomar to second . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCracken out at home , Alomar to third , Bautista to second . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Olson at third base . Tracy grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Conine grounded out to third . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Mota pitching for Marlins . Harris in right field . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Easley hit for Harris . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Mota pitching for Marlins . Terrero struck out swinging . Cintron lined out to first . Brito grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Easley grounded out to third . Pierre singled to center . Castillo grounded out to second , Pierre to second . Lo Duca safe at first on error by first baseman Hillenbrand , Pierre to third . Lowell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - Diamondbacks 11 .	Alomar sautés Fish as Big Unit ends skid