Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Expos . McCracken struck out looking . Green struck out swinging . Bautista singled to center . Hillenbrand flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilkerson singled to right . Chavez singled to center , Wilkerson to second . Vidro sacrificed to pitcher , Wilkerson to third , Chavez to second . Batista hit sacrifice fly to right , Wilkerson scored , Chavez to third . Rivera doubled to deep center , Chavez scored . Johnson lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Expos . Tracy struck out looking . Terrero doubled to deep left . Terrero stole third . Olson struck out swinging . Brito intentionally walked . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez doubled to deep right center . Schneider reached on infield single to second , Gonzalez to third . Hernandez sacrificed to first , Schneider to second . Wilkerson grounded out to first , Gonzalez scored , Schneider to third . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Expos . McCracken struck out swinging . Green singled to center . Bautista flied out to center . Hillenbrand flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Vidro struck out looking . Batista grounded out to third . Rivera safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Tracy . Johnson walked , Rivera to second . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Expos . Tracy struck out looking . Terrero singled to right . Olson struck out looking , Terrero stole second . Brito walked . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Schneider grounded out to first . Hernandez popped out to second . Wilkerson hit by pitch . Chavez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Expos . McCracken lined out to left . Green singled to left . Bautista grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Green out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Vidro grounded out to third . Batista lined out to third . Rivera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Expos . Hillenbrand doubled to deep center . Tracy lined out to center , Hillenbrand to third . Terrero grounded out to pitcher . Olson lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Schneider grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Devore hit for Johnson . Hernandez pitching for Expos . Brito grounded out to second . Devore struck out looking . Nance pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 7th . Nance pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez flied out to center . Wilkerson grounded out to first . Chavez reached on infield single to first . Vidro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Expos . Green grounded out to pitcher . Bautista singled to center . Hillenbrand hit by pitch , Bautista to second . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Olson at third base . Cintron at shortstop . Tracy grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Hillenbrand out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 8th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Batista singled to deep left . Rivera reached on infield single to second , Batista to second , Batista to third on throwing error by second baseman Green . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Batista scored , Rivera out at second . Ayala pitching for Expos . Gonzalez lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Baerga hit for Olson . Ayala pitching for Expos . Terrero grounded out to shortstop . Hill hit for Brito . Baerga singled to right . Hill grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Baerga out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 0 - Expos 4 .	Expos shut out Diamondbacks , Big Unit