Pirates - Top 1st . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Wilson singled to center . Bay popped out to second . Wilson walked , Wilson to second . Wigginton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . McCracken struck out swinging . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Redman flied out to left . Bautista singled to left . Castillo walked , Bautista to second . Van Benschoten grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bautista out at third , Castillo to second . Kendall doubled to center , Castillo and Van Benschoten scored . Wilson popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Hillenbrand reached on infield single to second . Tracy flied out to left . Terrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hillenbrand out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Bay homered to left center . Wilson struck out swinging . Wigginton flied out to center . Redman grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Hairston walked . Brito grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hairston out at second . Fossum sacrificed to third , Brito to second . McCracken singled to center , Brito scored . Cintron flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Bautista singled to center . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bautista out at second . Van Benschoten sacrificed to first , Castillo to second . Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop , Castillo to third . Wilson fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Bautista struck out swinging . Hillenbrand hit by pitch . Tracy lined out to center . Terrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Bay flied out to center . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Wigginton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Hairston homered to left . Brito doubled to left . Fossum sacrificed to third , Brito to third . McCracken hit ground rule double to deep center , Brito scored . Cintron singled to right , McCracken to third . Bautista flied out to right . Hillenbrand homered to left , McCracken and Cintron scored . Tracy grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Redman bunt grounded out to pitcher . Bautista struck out swinging . Castillo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Terrero struck out swinging . Hairston flied out to left . Nunez hit for Van Benschoten . Brito grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Nunez flied out to center . Kendall reached on infield single to second . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kendall out at second . Corey pitching for Pirates . Green hit for Fossum . Bay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Corey pitching for Pirates . Green grounded out to third . McCracken struck out swinging . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Cintron popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson flied out to center . Wigginton grounded out to third . Redman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Corey pitching for Pirates . Bautista lined out to second . Hillenbrand walked . Tracy singled to right , Hillenbrand to second . Hillenbrand to third , Tracy to second on wild pitch by Corey . Terrero struck out swinging . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Hill hit for Bautista . Hairston fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Mackowiak hit for Castillo . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Hill grounded out to first . Ward hit for Corey . Mackowiak fouled out to third . Ward lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 3 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Diamondbacks snap Pirates ' 4 - game run