Reds - Top 1st . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Freel doubled to deep left . Lopez flied out to right . Casey doubled to deep right , Freel scored . Dunn flied out to center , Casey to third . Jimenez fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Claussen pitching for Reds . McCracken struck out looking . Green grounded out to shortstop . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . LaRue walked . Castro walked , LaRue to second . Bragg singled to right , LaRue scored , Castro to second . Claussen sacrificed to pitcher , Castro to third , Bragg to second . Freel walked . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castro scored , Freel out at second , Bragg to third . Casey safe at first on error by second baseman Hairston , Bragg scored , Lopez to second . Dunn struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Claussen pitching for Reds . Hillenbrand walked . Hairston popped out to second . Terrero popped out to second . Gil singled to left , Hillenbrand to second . Snyder fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Jimenez popped out to first . LaRue singled to left center . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LaRue out at second . Castro stole second . Bragg struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Claussen pitching for Reds . Randolph flied out to center . McCracken grounded out to third . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Green struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Claussen struck out looking . Freel struck out looking . Lopez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Claussen pitching for Reds . Bautista flied out to center . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Hairston struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Casey lined out to first . Dunn struck out swinging . Jimenez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Claussen pitching for Reds . Terrero popped out to first . Gil popped out to second . Snyder grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . LaRue hit by pitch . Castro lined out to second . Bragg grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , LaRue out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Claussen pitching for Reds . Cormier doubled to center . McCracken flied out to right , Cormier to third . Green singled to right , Cormier scored . Wagner pitching for Reds . Bautista singled to center , Green to second . Green to third , Bautista to second on wild pitch by Wagner . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Green out at home . Vander Wal hit for Wagner . Hairston grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hillenbrand out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Vander Wal struck out looking . Freel flied out to right . Lopez hit by pitch . Casey singled to left , Lopez to second . Dunn doubled to deep right , Lopez scored , Casey to third . Jimenez homered to right , Casey and Dunn scored . Green at second base . Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy at third base . LaRue walked . Riedling pitching for Reds . Castro grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Riedling pitching for Reds . Terrero hit by pitch . Gil hit by pitch , Terrero to second . Snyder flied out to center . Tracy grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gil out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks . Bragg doubled to deep left . Riedling struck out swinging . Bragg to third on wild pitch by Fetters . Freel singled to left , Bragg scored . Lopez hit sacrifice fly to left , Freel scored . Casey homered to right . Dunn flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Riedling pitching for Reds . McCracken grounded out to shortstop . Green struck out looking . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Bautista grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Jimenez flied out to center . LaRue grounded out to shortstop . Norton pitching for Reds . Castro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Zinter hit for Sparks . Norton pitching for Reds . Hillenbrand singled to right . Hillenbrand to second on wild pitch by Norton . Zinter grounded out to third . Terrero reached on infield single to second , Hillenbrand to third . Gil grounded into double play , third to second to first , Terrero out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 11 - Diamondbacks 1 .	Claussen delivers for Reds , who rout D - Backs