Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Padres . Hairston grounded out to shortstop . Tracy flied out to right . Bautista grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton singled to center . Loretta flied out to left . Payton out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Giles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Padres . Hillenbrand doubled to deep left . Hammock flied out to center . Snyder walked . Terrero struck out swinging . Gil flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks . Nevin grounded out to second . Klesko flied out to center . Aurilia flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Padres . Gosling struck out swinging . Hairston grounded out to second . Tracy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Padres . Bautista flied out to right . Hillenbrand lined out to pitcher . Hammock singled to right . Snyder singled to center , Hammock thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton singled to right . Loretta walked . Giles grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Loretta out at second , Payton to third . Nevin walked . Klesko grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Padres . Terrero struck out swinging , Terrero safe at first on wild pitch by Wells . Gil flied out to right . Gosling sacrificed to pitcher , Terrero to second . Hairston walked . Tracy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks . Aurilia hit by pitch . Hernandez singled to left , Aurilia to second . Gonzalez doubled to right , Aurilia scored , Hernandez to third . Wells popped out to shortstop . Payton tripled to deep right center , Hernandez and Gonzalez scored . Loretta grounded out to second . Payton scored on Gosling 's wild pitch . Giles grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Wells pitching for Padres . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Hillenbrand singled to center . Hammock singled to right , Hillenbrand to second . Snyder singled to left , Hillenbrand to third , Hammock to second . Cintron hit for Gil . Terrero singled to left , Hillenbrand and Hammock scored , Snyder to second . Baerga hit for Gosling . Cintron singled to center , Snyder to third , Terrero to second . Kroeger ran for Baerga . Osuna pitching for Padres . Baerga singled to center , Snyder scored , Terrero to third , Cintron to second . Hairston singled to left , Terrero and Cintron scored , Kroeger to second . Tracy popped out to shortstop . Cintron at shortstop . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hairston out at second . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Nevin grounded out to second . Klesko flied out to center . Aurilia singled to left . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aurilia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Osuna pitching for Padres . Hillenbrand fouled out to first . Hammock singled to center . Snyder flied out to right . Long hit for Gonzalez . Terrero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Vazquez hit for Osuna . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Long singled to center . Vazquez struck out swinging . Guzman ran for Long . Payton singled to left , Guzman thrown out at third . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Vazquez at shortstop . Loretta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Payton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . McCracken hit for Cormier . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Cintron doubled to right . McCracken struck out swinging . Hairston grounded out to shortstop , Cintron to third . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles flied out to left . Nevin grounded out to first . Klesko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Bautista popped out to first . Hillenbrand grounded out to pitcher . Hammock singled to right . Hammock caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Devore in left field . Snyder batting . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Robinson ran for Aurilia . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Aurilia singled to left . Fick hit for Otsuka . Greene ran for Hernandez . Hernandez doubled to deep left , Robinson to third . Fick struck out swinging . Vazquez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Robinson scored , Greene to third . Payton hit by pitch , Vazquez to second . Loretta safe at first on error by third baseman Tracy , Greene scored , Vazquez to third , Payton to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Padres 6 .	Padres win , stay alive in playoff chase