Brewers - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Podsednik safe at second on error by pitcher Webb . Ginter singled to left , Podsednik scored . Overbay struck out swinging , Ginter caught stealing second . Jenkins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Green flied out to right . Cintron tripled to deep center . Bautista walked . Hillenbrand singled to center , Cintron scored , Bautista to second . Hammock grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hillenbrand out at second , Bautista to third . Snyder safe at second on error by right fielder Krynzel , Bautista and Hammock scored . Terrero walked . Gil singled to right , Snyder scored , Terrero to third . Webb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Branyan singled to center . Krynzel grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Branyan out at second . Counsell singled to center , Krynzel to second . Johnson walked , Krynzel to third , Counsell to second . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Podsednik grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Green grounded out to shortstop . Cintron grounded out to second . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Ginter hit ground rule double to deep left . Ginter to third on wild pitch by Webb . Overbay struck out swinging . Jenkins struck out swinging . Branyan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Hammock safe at second on error by pitcher De La Rosa . Snyder flied into double play , right to shortstop , Hammock doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Krynzel safe at first on error by second baseman Cintron . Counsell singled to right , Krynzel to third . Johnson singled to right , Krynzel scored , Counsell to second . De La Rosa sacrificed to pitcher , Counsell to third , Johnson to second . Counsell scored , Johnson to third on wild pitch by Webb . Podsednik reached on infield single to second , Johnson scored . Podsednik stole second . Ginter grounded out to shortstop . Podsednik stole third . Overbay walked . Podsednik caught stealing home , catcher to shortstop to catcher to third to first . Jenkins batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Terrero grounded out to pitcher . Gil grounded out to shortstop . Webb grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Jenkins struck out swinging . Branyan walked . Krynzel walked , Branyan to second . Counsell grounded out to second , Branyan to third , Krynzel to second . Johnson intentionally walked . De La Rosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Green grounded out to third . Cintron singled to center . Bautista safe at first on error by third baseman Branyan , Cintron to second . Hillenbrand singled to center , Cintron scored , Bautista to second . Hammock grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hillenbrand out at second , Bautista to third . Nance pitching for Diamondbacks . Snyder grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hammock out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Nance pitching for Diamondbacks . Podsednik singled to center . Ginter flied out to left . Overbay lined into double play , to first , Podsednik doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Terrero flied out to right . Hairston hit for Nance . Gil flied out to left . Hairston walked . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Green flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Jenkins grounded out to second . Branyan struck out swinging . Adams pitching for Brewers . Magruder in right field . Krynzel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Adams pitching for Brewers . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . Bautista flied out to right . Devore in left field . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Durrington hit for Johnson . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Counsell grounded out to third . Durrington flied out to right . Bennett catching . Magruder fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Adams pitching for Brewers . Devore flied out to center . Snyder grounded out to third . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Terrero grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Podsednik tripled to deep right . Ginter hit sacrifice fly to left , Podsednik scored . Overbay walked . Jenkins homered to center , Overbay scored . Helms hit for Adams . Branyan lined out to second . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Tracy hit for Gil . Helms grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Baerga hit for Aquino . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Tracy walked . Kroeger ran for Baerga . Baerga singled to right , Tracy to third . Green sacrificed to pitcher , Kroeger to second . Cintron lined out to shortstop . Bautista singled to right , Kroeger scored . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Hillenbrand singled to right , Bautista to third . Green at second base . Cintron at shortstop . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy at third base . Kroeger in left field . Devore flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 10th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Counsell flied out to right . Bennett walked . Magruder grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bennett out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . Terrero struck out swinging . Zinter at first base . Hillenbrand at third base . Tracy in left field . Kroeger in right field . Tracy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 11th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Podsednik flied out to left . Ginter tripled to deep center . Overbay singled to center , Ginter scored . Jenkins flied out to center . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Branyan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 11th . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Kroeger lined out to center . Green popped out to shortstop . Cintron singled to right . Zinter homered to right , Cintron scored . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 8 - Diamondbacks 9 .	Zinter wonderland : D - Backs homer sinks Brewers