Tigers - Top 1st. Bannister pitching for Royals. Jackson doubled to deep right center. Damon struck out swinging. Ordonez flied out to center, Jackson to third. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Tigers. DeJesus walked. Podsednik singled to center, DeJesus to second. Callaspo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Podsednik out at second, DeJesus to third. Butler walked. Guillen singled to right, DeJesus scored, Butler to third. Ankiel popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Guillen singled to center. Raburn popped out to shortstop. Guillen to second on wild pitch by Bannister. Kelly flied out to center. Laird lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Tigers. Betancourt flied out to center. Kendall struck out swinging. Getz popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Everett flied out to right. Jackson flied out to right. Damon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Willis pitching for Tigers. DeJesus singled to left. Podsednik reached on bunt single to first, DeJesus to second. Callaspo struck out swinging. DeJesus to third on passed ball by Laird. Butler singled to left center, DeJesus scored, Podsednik to second. Guillen grounded into double play, third to first, Podsednik out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Ordonez singled to right center. Cabrera singled to center, Ordonez to second. Guillen flied out to left. Ordonez to third, Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Bannister. Raburn struck out looking. Kelly popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Willis pitching for Tigers. Ankiel grounded out to second. Betancourt flied out to left. Kendall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Laird lined out to left. Everett flied out to right. Jackson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Willis pitching for Tigers. Getz reached on infield single to second. Getz stole second. DeJesus bunt popped out to third. Podsednik singled to left center, Getz to third. Callaspo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Podsednik out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Damon flied out to left. Ordonez homered to left (423 feet). Cabrera singled to left center. Guillen struck out swinging. Cabrera caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Willis pitching for Tigers. Butler flied out to center. Guillen flied out to left. Ankiel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Hughes pitching for Royals. Raburn struck out swinging. Inge doubled to deep right center. Laird grounded out to third. Everett walked. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Betancourt grounded out to third. Kendall singled to left. Getz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendall out at second. DeJesus singled to center, Getz to second. Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop, Getz to third, DeJesus to second. Callaspo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Hughes pitching for Royals. Damon walked. Ordonez safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt, Damon to second. Cabrera homered to right (396 feet), Damon and Ordonez scored. Guillen flied out to left. Raburn struck out swinging. Inge grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Perry pitching for Tigers. Butler walked. Guillen doubled to deep left center, Butler to third. Ankiel hit sacrifice fly to left, Butler scored, Aviles to third. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Kendall flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Laird bunt grounded out to third. Everett doubled to left. Jackson doubled to deep right center, Everett scored, Jackson to third on error by center fielder Ankiel. Damon grounded out to pitcher. Ordonez walked. Cabrera singled to left, Jackson scored, Ordonez to second. Santiago walked, Ordonez to third, Cabrera to second. Raburn hit by pitch, Ordonez scored, Cabrera to third, Santiago to second. Inge flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 9th. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Getz flied out to center. DeJesus grounded out to second. Podsednik struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 7 - Royals 3.	Willis solid in first start as Tigers top Royals