Royals - Top 1st. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. DeJesus singled to right. Podsednik grounded into double play, shortstop to first, DeJesus out at second. Callaspo fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Jackson singled to left. Damon popped out to shortstop. Ordonez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Butler struck out swinging. Ankiel walked. Guillen lined into double play, third to first, Ankiel doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Cabrera grounded out to second. Guillen struck out swinging. Inge doubled to deep center. Avila flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Kendall grounded out to second. Betancourt doubled to deep left. Getz lined into double play, to shortstop, Betancourt doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Raburn walked. Santiago struck out swinging. Jackson singled to right, Raburn to second. Damon hit by pitch, Raburn to third, Jackson to second. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Raburn scored, Damon out at second, Jackson to third, Jackson scored on throwing error by second baseman Getz. Cabrera flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. DeJesus flied out to left. Podsednik reached on bunt single to shortstop. Podsednik stole second. Callaspo walked. Butler doubled to deep left, Podsednik scored, Callaspo to third. Ankiel grounded out to shortstop, Callaspo scored, Butler to third. Guillen homered to left (411 feet), Butler scored. Kendall singled to left. Betancourt singled to right, Kendall to third. Getz flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Guillen homered to right (361 feet). Inge popped out to shortstop. Avila grounded out to first. Raburn doubled to deep left. Santiago struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. DeJesus doubled to right. Podsednik reached on bunt single to pitcher, DeJesus scored, Podsednik to third on throwing error by pitcher Scherzer. Callaspo struck out swinging. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Podsednik out at home. Ankiel struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Jackson struck out swinging. Damon fouled out to shortstop. Ordonez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Guillen grounded out to third. Kendall lined out to first. Betancourt walked. Getz walked, Betancourt to second. DeJesus singled to left center, Betancourt scored, Getz to third, DeJesus to second advancing on throw. Podsednik singled to shallow center, Getz and DeJesus scored. Callaspo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Podsednik out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Cabrera walked. Guillen walked, Cabrera to second. Inge doubled to deep left, Cabrera and Guillen scored. Avila struck out swinging. Raburn flied out to left. Santiago grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Ankiel grounded out to first. Guillen singled to center. Kendall flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Parrish pitching for Royals. Jackson flied out to right. Damon flied out to left. Ordonez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Getz walked. Getz to second on wild pitch by Ni. DeJesus struck out swinging. Podsednik singled to center, Getz scored. Callaspo safe at first on error by second baseman Raburn, Podsednik to second. Butler singled to left center, Podsednik scored, Callaspo to second. Ankiel safe at first on throwing error by catcher Avila, Callaspo to third, Butler to second. Guillen struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Royals. Cabrera singled to left center. Guillen reached on infield single to second, Cabrera to second. Inge lined out to pitcher. Avila flied out to left. Raburn hit by pitch, Cabrera to third, Guillen to second. Santiago popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Ni pitching for Tigers. Kendall doubled to deep left. Betancourt lined out to shortstop. Getz struck out swinging. DeJesus fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Hughes pitching for Royals. Jackson grounded out to third. Damon walked. Ordonez flied out to center. Damon to second on fielder's indifference. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 10 - Tigers 5.	Royals' Guillen makes Tigers pay with homer