Tigers - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Jackson struck out swinging. Damon struck out swinging. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Suzuki grounded out to first. Figgins walked. Figgins stole second. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Lopez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Guillen struck out swinging. Inge grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Griffey Jr flied out to right. Bradley struck out looking. Kotchman lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Laird struck out swinging. Sizemore flied out to right. Everett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Johnson struck out swinging. Ja Wilson struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to left. Figgins walked, Suzuki stole third. Suzuki safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Bonderman. Gutierrez tripled to deep right center, Suzuki and Figgins scored. Lopez singled to left, Gutierrez scored. Griffey Jr singled to right, Lopez to second. Bradley flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Jackson singled to shallow center. Damon singled to right center, Jackson to third. Ordonez lined out to second. Damon to second on passed ball by Johnson. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Jackson and Damon scored. Guillen lined out to right. Inge struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Kotchman walked. Johnson reached on bunt single to third, Kotchman to second. Ja Wilson sacrificed to catcher.  Kotchman scored, Johnson to third, Ja Wilson safe at first on throwing error by catcher Laird. Suzuki flied out to center. Figgins hit sacrifice fly to right, Johnson scored, Ja Wilson to second. Gutierrez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Laird walked. Sizemore grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Laird out at second. Everett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Lopez singled to left. Griffey Jr singled to right, Lopez to third. Bradley singled to right, Lopez scored, Griffey Jr to second. Kotchman singled to center, Griffey Jr to third, Bradley to second. Johnson walked, Griffey Jr scored, Bradley to third, Kotchman to second. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Ja Wilson hit sacrifice fly to left, Bradley scored, Kotchman to third. Suzuki singled to center, Kotchman scored, Johnson to second. Figgins walked, Johnson to third, Suzuki to second. Gutierrez singled to shallow left, Johnson scored, Suzuki to third, Figgins to second. Lopez hit sacrifice fly to right, Suzuki scored. Griffey Jr grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Figgins out at third, Gutierrez to second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Damon struck out swinging. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Bradley grounded out to first. Kotchman safe at first on error by second baseman Sizemore. Johnson walked, Kotchman to second. Ja Wilson popped out to second. Suzuki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 7th. Byrnes in left field. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guillen walked. Inge flied out to left. Laird doubled to left, Guillen to third. White pitching for Mariners. Sizemore grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Figgins flied out to left. Gutierrez singled to left. Lopez flied out to center. Sweeney flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. White pitching for Mariners. Everett flied out to center. Jackson singled to right. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jackson out at second. Raburn reached on infield single to shortstop, Damon to second. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Byrnes flied out to left. Kotchman struck out swinging. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Guillen doubled to right center. Kelly struck out looking. Avila grounded out to second, Guillen to third. Sizemore singled to center, Guillen scored. Everett popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 3 - Mariners 11.	Mariners' Hernandez sharp in win over Tigers