Nationals - Top 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Guzman struck out looking. Bernadina flied out to center. Zimmerman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Atilano pitching for Nationals. Raburn singled to right. Santiago sacrificed to catcher, Raburn to second, Santiago safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Atilano. Ordonez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Santiago out at second, Raburn to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Dunn lined out to left. Willingham flied out to center. Morse grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Atilano pitching for Nationals. Boesch flied out to left. Guillen singled to right. Inge singled to left, Guillen to second. Avila doubled to deep right center, Guillen and Inge scored. Kelly flied out to left. Raburn flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Kennedy flied out to right. Desmond struck out swinging. Nieves struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Atilano pitching for Nationals. Santiago singled to right. Ordonez flied out to left. Cabrera flied out to right. Boesch singled to left center, Santiago to second, Santiago to third on error by left fielder Willingham. Guillen grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 4th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Guzman struck out swinging. Bernadina struck out swinging. Zimmerman singled to left. Dunn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Atilano pitching for Nationals. Inge popped out to shortstop. Avila grounded out to second. Kelly grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Willingham struck out swinging. Morse flied out to center. Kennedy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Atilano pitching for Nationals. Raburn flied out to center. Santiago singled to right center. Ordonez singled to left, Santiago to second. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Santiago and Ordonez scored. Boesch intentionally walked. Storen pitching for Nationals. Storen pitching for Nationals. Storen pitching for Nationals. Storen pitching for Nationals. Guillen singled to center, Cabrera scored, Boesch out at third. Storen pitching for Nationals. Storen pitching for Nationals. Storen pitching for Nationals. Storen pitching for Nationals. Guillen singled to center, Cabrera scored, Boesch out at third. Guillen to second on wild pitch by Storen. Inge struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Desmond doubled to deep left. Desmond to third on wild pitch by Bonderman. Nieves struck out swinging. Guzman reached on infield single to pitcher, Desmond scored. Bernadina lined out to left. Zimmerman flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Avila struck out looking. Kelly grounded out to third. Raburn doubled to deep left. Worth ran for Raburn. Santiago singled to center, Worth scored. Ordonez singled to right, Santiago to second. Cabrera singled to left, Santiago scored, Ordonez to second. Boesch grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Worth at second base. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Dunn homered to right (404 feet). Willingham grounded out to second. Morse singled to left. Kennedy flied out to center. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morse out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Inge reached on infield single to third. Avila singled to left, Inge to second. Kelly grounded out to first, Inge to third, Avila to second. Worth grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Ni pitching for Tigers. Nieves singled to center. Guzman singled to center, Nieves to third. Bernadina grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Nieves out at home, Guzman to second. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Zimmerman flied out to right, Guzman to third. Dunn singled to right, Guzman scored, Bernadina to second. Bernadina to third, Dunn to second on passed ball by Avila. Willingham fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Santiago doubled to left. Ordonez singled to center, Santiago scored. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ordonez out at second. Boesch reached on infield single to second. Guillen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Morse safe at first on error by first baseman Cabrera. Kennedy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Morse out at second. Desmond struck out swinging. Harris hit for Nieves. Harris grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 3 - Tigers 8.	Tigers knock around Nats for 6th win in row