Tigers - Top 1st. Niemann pitching for Rays. Rhymes singled to right. Damon doubled to center, Rhymes scored. Larish singled to center, Damon scored. Cabrera lined out to center. Boesch grounded into double play, second to first, Larish out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Zobrist singled to right. Crawford popped out to third. Longoria flied out to right. Zobrist stole second. Zobrist stole third. Pena walked. Joyce singled to left, Zobrist scored, Pena to second. Aybar struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Niemann pitching for Rays. Raburn popped out to first. Sizemore grounded out to shortstop. Avila grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Jaso flied out to right. Brignac reached on infield single to shortstop. Bartlett grounded out to third, Brignac to second. Zobrist grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Niemann pitching for Rays. Worth struck out swinging. Rhymes grounded out to second. Damon homered to right (357 feet). Larish grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop. Longoria singled to left, Crawford to second. Pena singled to right, Crawford scored, Longoria to second. Joyce grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pena out at second, Longoria to third. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Longoria scored, Joyce out at second. Jaso grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Rodriguez in center field. Niemann pitching for Rays. Cabrera walked. Boesch lined out to second. Raburn singled to left, Cabrera to second. Sizemore grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Raburn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Brignac doubled to center. Bartlett singled to center, Brignac scored, Bartlett to second advancing on throw. Rodriguez flied out to center, Bartlett to third. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Crawford grounded out to second, Bartlett scored. Longoria singled to right. Pena hit by pitch, Longoria to second. Joyce grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Niemann pitching for Rays. Avila singled to center. Worth grounded out to third, Avila to second. Rhymes flied out to right. Damon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Aybar singled to left. Jaso reached on bunt single to third, Aybar to second. Brignac bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jaso out at second, Aybar to third. Bartlett bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Aybar out at home, Brignac to second. Brignac to third, Bartlett to second on wild pitch by Thomas. Rodriguez popped out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Niemann pitching for Rays. Larish grounded out to second. Cabrera homered to left (436 feet). Boesch struck out looking. Raburn walked. Sizemore singled to center, Raburn to second. Avila struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Longoria walked. Pena singled to center, Longoria to second. Joyce grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pena out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Balfour pitching for Rays. Santiago hit for Worth. Santiago struck out swinging. Rhymes doubled to deep right. Damon walked. Larish struck out swinging. Cabrera intentionally walked, Rhymes to third, Damon to second. Boesch flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Santiago at shortstop. Coke pitching for Tigers. Aybar popped out to shortstop. Jaso struck out swinging. Brignac grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Benoit pitching for Rays. Raburn grounded out to third. Sizemore grounded out to third. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Perry pitching for Tigers. Bartlett grounded out to pitcher. Rodriguez singled to center. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second. Longoria homered to left (396 feet), Crawford scored. Pena struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Kapler in right field. Soriano pitching for Rays. Santiago flied out to left. Rhymes flied out to left. Damon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 4 - Rays 7.	Rays get out of 7th-inning jam to hold off Tigers