White Sox - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Podsednik grounded out to pitcher . Erstad walked . Erstad stole second . Thome struck out swinging . Erstad to third on wild pitch by Carmona . Konerko fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Sizemore doubled to deep right . Nixon singled to shallow left , Sizemore to third . Hafner hit sacrifice fly to left , Sizemore scored . Nixon to second on wild pitch by Vazquez . Garko grounded out to pitcher . Dellucci flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Dye singled to left . Crede singled to center , Dye to second . Pierzynski singled to left , Dye to third , Crede to second . Iguchi struck out swinging . Uribe hit sacrifice fly to left , Dye scored , Crede to third . Podsednik flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Peralta walked . Barfield struck out swinging . Marte hit by pitch , Peralta to second . Peralta to third , Marte to second on wild pitch by Vazquez . Shoppach struck out swinging . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Erstad struck out looking . Thome grounded out to first . Konerko walked . Dye struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Nixon struck out swinging . Hafner flied out to left . Garko singled to right . Dellucci grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Crede singled to left . Pierzynski flied out to center . Iguchi singled to right , Crede to second . Uribe homered to left center , Crede and Iguchi scored . Podsednik grounded out to shortstop . Erstad grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Peralta singled to right . Barfield singled to left , Peralta to third . Marte singled to right , Peralta scored , Barfield to third . Shoppach fouled out to catcher . Sizemore walked , Marte to second . Nixon struck out swinging . Hafner struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Thome grounded out to pitcher . Konerko hit by pitch . Konerko to second on wild pitch by Carmona . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Dye homered to left center , Konerko scored . Crede singled to center . Pierzynski walked , Crede to second . Iguchi grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pierzynski out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Garko singled to right . Dellucci singled to right , Garko to second . Peralta flied out to left . Barfield flied out to left . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dellucci out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Uribe struck out swinging . Podsednik struck out looking . Erstad struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Shoppach struck out swinging . Sisco pitching for White Sox . Sizemore walked . Nixon grounded out to first , Sizemore to second . Hafner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Thome struck out swinging . Konerko grounded out to pitcher . Dye walked . Crede struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Sisco pitching for White Sox . Garko singled to center . Aardsma pitching for White Sox . Dellucci doubled to deep left , Garko to third . Peralta singled to center , Garko scored , Dellucci to third . Blake hit for Marte . Barfield struck out swinging . Blake popped out to second . Blake at third base . Davis pitching for Indians . Shoppach struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Davis pitching for Indians . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Iguchi lined out to left . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Uribe grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Michaels hit for Nixon . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Sizemore walked . Michaels flied out to center . Michaels in right field . Hafner grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Davis pitching for Indians . Podsednik safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta . Erstad grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Podsednik out at second . Ozuna ran for Thome . Thome walked , Erstad to second . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Konerko grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ozuna out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Garko singled to center . Dellucci singled to left , Garko to second . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dellucci out at second , Garko to third . Barfield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garko scored , Peralta out at second . Barfield to second on fielder 's indifference . Blake fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Indians 4 .	ChiSox spoil home opener