Twins - Top 1st . Byrd pitching for Indians . Castillo singled to center . Bartlett grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Castillo out at second . Cuddyer homered to left center , Bartlett scored . Morneau struck out looking . Hunter struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Ortiz pitching for Twins . Sizemore doubled to deep right . Blake reached on infield single to third , Sizemore to third . Hafner walked , Blake to second . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to right , Sizemore scored , Blake to third . Peralta homered to left , Blake and Hafner scored . Dellucci grounded out to first . Michaels doubled to deep center . Barfield reached on infield single to shortstop , Michaels to third . Shoppach doubled to deep center , Michaels and Barfield scored . Sizemore reached on infield single to second , Shoppach to third . Blake popped out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Kubel grounded out to first . Redmond flied out to center . Perkins pitching for Twins . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Perkins pitching for Twins . Hafner walked . Martinez singled to right , Hafner to third . Peralta singled to left , Hafner scored , Martinez to second . Dellucci struck out swinging . Michaels singled to shallow left center , Martinez scored , Peralta to third . Barfield singled to right , Peralta scored , Michaels thrown out at third . Shoppach struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Punto struck out swinging . Castillo grounded out to third . Bartlett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Perkins pitching for Twins . Sizemore flied out to left . Blake walked . Hafner flied out to left . Martinez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Cuddyer flied out to center . Morneau safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta . Hunter flied out to center . Kubel singled to center , Morneau to second . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Redmond fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Peralta flied out to right . Dellucci grounded out to second . Michaels flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Jones popped out to third . Punto reached on infield single to second . Castillo grounded out to pitcher , Punto to second . Bartlett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Barfield grounded out to shortstop . Shoppach struck out swinging . Sizemore singled to center . Blake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Morneau homered to center . Hunter struck out looking . Crain pitching for Twins . Kubel grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Crain pitching for Twins . Hafner safe at first on error by third baseman Punto . Martinez hit by pitch , Hafner to second . Peralta grounded out to pitcher , Hafner to third , Martinez to second . Dellucci hit sacrifice fly to left , Hafner scored . Michaels singled to right center , Martinez to third . Barfield doubled to deep center , Martinez and Michaels scored . Shoppach singled to right , Barfield scored . Rincon pitching for Twins . Sizemore homered to center , Shoppach scored . Blake flied out to left . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 7th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Redmond hit by pitch . Cirillo hit for Punto . Jones singled to right , Redmond to second . Rodriguez hit for Castillo . Cirillo grounded out to first , Redmond to third , Jones to second . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop , Redmond scored , Jones to third . Bartlett singled to center , Jones scored . Rodriguez at second base . Tyner in center field . Cirillo at third base . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bartlett out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Garko hit for Martinez . Rincon pitching for Twins . Hafner walked . Garko singled to center , Hafner to second . Peralta grounded into double play , third to second to first , Garko out at second . Gutierrez in center field . Rouse at third base . Garko at first base . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Dellucci grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Morneau homered to right . Tyner grounded out to second . Kubel homered to right . Redmond singled to center . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Jones walked , Redmond to second . Reyes pitching for Twins . Cirillo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jones out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Reyes pitching for Twins . Michaels grounded out to third . Barfield struck out swinging . Shoppach grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Rodriguez grounded out to first . Bartlett flied out to center . Cuddyer singled to center . Morneau struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 7 - Indians 15 .	Indians set season highs in hits , runs in blowout