Tigers - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Rodriguez singled to right . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rodriguez out at second . Sheffield grounded out to third , Polanco to second . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Sizemore struck out looking . Blake singled to left . Hafner homered to center , Blake scored . Martinez grounded out to second . Nixon walked . Nixon to second on wild pitch by Verlander . Peralta grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Thames grounded out to shortstop . Monroe homered to left . Infante reached on infield single to second . Perez flied out to right . Granderson flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Dellucci flied out to left . Garko popped out to shortstop . Barfield struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Rodriguez doubled to left . Polanco singled to left , Rodriguez to third . Sheffield doubled to deep left , Rodriguez scored , Polanco to third . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop , Polanco scored , Sheffield to third . Thames singled to right , Sheffield scored . Monroe struck out swinging . Thames stole second . Infante struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Sizemore hit by pitch . Blake struck out swinging . Hafner walked , Sizemore to second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hafner out at second , Sizemore to third . Nixon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Perez popped out to second . Granderson reached on bunt single to second . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Granderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Peralta singled to right . Dellucci struck out swinging . Garko popped out to second . Barfield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Polanco flied out to center . Sheffield grounded out to second . Ordonez lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Sizemore singled to left . Blake singled to center , Sizemore to second . Sizemore to third , Blake to second on wild pitch by Verlander . Hafner singled to center , Sizemore and Blake scored . Martinez homered to right center , Hafner scored . Nixon struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . Dellucci singled to center . Garko hit by pitch , Dellucci to second . Barfield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garko out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Thames flied out to left . Monroe flied out to left . Infante grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Sizemore walked . Byrdak pitching for Tigers . Blake hit by pitch , Sizemore to second . Hafner walked , Sizemore to third , Blake to second . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center , Sizemore scored . Nixon struck out swinging . Peralta walked , Blake to third , Hafner to second . Dellucci struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Perez walked . Granderson flied out to center . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Perez out at second . Polanco flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Byrdak pitching for Tigers . Garko singled to center . Barfield safe at first on error by pitcher Byrdak , Garko to second . Sizemore struck out swinging . Blake grounded out to catcher , Garko to third , Barfield to second . Casey hit for Sheffield . Hafner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 8th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Casey doubled to right . Ordonez flied out to right . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Thames singled to left center , Casey scored . Monroe fouled out to catcher . Mesa pitching for Tigers . Infante flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Mesa pitching for Tigers . Martinez struck out swinging . Nixon singled to right . Gutierrez ran for Nixon . Peralta singled to center , Gutierrez to second . Dellucci walked , Gutierrez to third , Peralta to second . Garko singled to left , Gutierrez scored , Peralta to third , Dellucci to second . Barfield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peralta scored , Garko out at second , Dellucci to third . Sizemore tripled to deep center , Dellucci and Barfield scored . Gutierrez in right field . Perez pitching for Indians . Blake flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Perez struck out swinging . Granderson lined out to right . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 5 - Indians 11 .	Hafner , Martinez help Tribe rough up Verlander , Tigers