Tigers - Top 1st . Lee pitching for Indians . Granderson flied out to right . Polanco flied out to left . Sheffield walked . Ordonez singled to right , Sheffield to second . Thames struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Sizemore singled to right . Blake singled to left , Sizemore to third . Hafner reached on infield single to shortstop , Sizemore scored , Blake to second . Martinez flied out to left . Nixon flied out to left . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hafner out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Lee pitching for Indians . Rodriguez doubled to deep left . Casey grounded out to shortstop , Rodriguez to third . Infante reached on infield single to second , Rodriguez scored . Infante stole second . Perez struck out swinging . Granderson popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Dellucci flied out to center . Garko grounded out to pitcher . Barfield grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Lee pitching for Indians . Polanco walked . Sheffield flied out to center . Ordonez homered to center , Polanco scored . Thames doubled to deep left . Rodriguez struck out looking . Casey doubled to right , Thames scored . Infante struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Sizemore singled to right . Blake homered to left , Sizemore scored . Hafner walked . Martinez singled to right , Hafner to second . Nixon fouled out to third . Peralta walked , Hafner to third , Martinez to second . Dellucci hit sacrifice fly to right , Hafner scored , Martinez to third . Garko walked , Peralta to second . Barfield popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Lee pitching for Indians . Perez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Peralta . Granderson flied out to center . Polanco flied out to right . Sheffield flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Sizemore flied out to left . Blake hit by pitch . Hafner struck out swinging . Martinez singled to right center , Blake to second . Nixon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Lee pitching for Indians . Ordonez doubled to deep left center . Thames popped out to second . Rodriguez doubled to deep right center , Ordonez scored . Perez pitching for Indians . Casey walked . Infante fouled out to catcher . Perez singled to left , Rodriguez to third , Casey to second . Granderson flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Dellucci grounded out to first . Garko grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Indians . Polanco safe at first on error by second baseman Barfield . Sheffield singled to left , Polanco to second . Ordonez struck out swinging . Thames safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta , Polanco to third , Sheffield to second . Rodriguez singled to left , Polanco and Sheffield scored , Thames to second . Casey flied out to left . Infante singled to left , Thames scored , Rodriguez to second . Perez lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Barfield flied out to center . Byrdak pitching for Tigers . Sizemore homered to right center . Blake singled to right . Hafner struck out looking . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blake out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Indians . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco popped out to shortstop . Sheffield grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Byrdak pitching for Tigers . Nixon grounded out to first . Michaels hit for Dellucci . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Peralta singled to left center . Michaels in left field . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Michaels grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Monroe hit for Thames . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Ordonez singled to left . Monroe doubled to deep left , Ordonez scored . Rodriguez singled to center , Monroe to third . Michaels in left field . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Michaels in left field . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Casey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Monroe out at home , Rodriguez to second . Rodriguez caught stealing third , catcher to third , Casey to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Infante walked . Perez flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Garko grounded out to pitcher . Barfield grounded out to shortstop . Sizemore singled to right . Blake flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Fultz pitching for Indians . Granderson doubled to right . Polanco flied out to left . Sheffield grounded out to third . Seay pitching for Tigers . Ordonez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Seay pitching for Tigers . Hafner singled to center . Gutierrez hit for Nixon . Miner pitching for Tigers . Martinez flied out to right . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hafner out at second . Peralta singled to left , Gutierrez to third . Seay pitching for Tigers . Gutierrez hit for Nixon . Miner pitching for Tigers . Michaels flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 9 - Indians 5 .	Leyland tossed , but Tigers finally beat Indians