Mariners - Top 1st . Byrd pitching for Indians . Suzuki singled to center . Vidro grounded out to first , Suzuki to second . Guillen singled to center , Suzuki scored . Ibanez flied out to right . Johjima singled to right center , Guillen to second . Broussard grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Sizemore flied out to right . Michaels flied out to left . Blake singled to left . Hafner doubled to left , Blake to third . Peralta walked . Garko flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Beltre grounded out to pitcher . Lopez grounded out to second . Betancourt singled to left . Suzuki reached on infield single to third , Betancourt to second . Vidro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Nixon grounded out to second . Barfield struck out swinging . Shoppach safe at first on error by pitcher Baek . Sizemore popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Guillen singled to center . Ibanez homered to left center , Guillen scored . Johjima lined out to third . Broussard flied out to center . Beltre singled to right . Lopez homered to left , Beltre scored . Betancourt fouled out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Michaels struck out looking . Blake flied out to center . Hafner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Suzuki grounded out to second . Vidro singled to left . Guillen popped out to first . Ibanez homered to right , Vidro scored . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Peralta grounded out to third . Garko struck out swinging . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Nixon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Broussard grounded out to first . Beltre grounded out to third . Lopez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Barfield grounded out to third . Shoppach singled to center . Sizemore singled to right , Shoppach to second . Michaels singled to left , Shoppach to third , Sizemore to second . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Shoppach out at home , Sizemore to third , Michaels to second . Hafner singled to left , Sizemore and Michaels scored , Blake to second . Peralta singled to center , Blake scored , Hafner to second . Garko flied out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Betancourt singled to right , Betancourt to second on error by right fielder Nixon . Suzuki struck out swinging . Vidro struck out looking . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 6th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Nixon flied out to center . Barfield singled to left . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Shoppach doubled to deep right center , Barfield scored . Green pitching for Mariners . Sizemore singled to right , Shoppach to third . Michaels struck out swinging . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Blake singled to left , Shoppach scored , Sizemore to second , Sizemore to third on error by left fielder Ibanez . Hafner fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Ibanez tripled to deep center . Johjima flied out to center . Broussard intentionally walked . Beltre lined into double play , to third , Ibanez doubled off third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Peralta struck out swinging . Garko popped out to second . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Nixon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Lopez flied out to center . Betancourt lined out to shortstop . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Martinez hit for Shoppach . Barfield singled to left . Martinez singled to center , Barfield to third . Dellucci hit for Michaels . Sizemore walked , Martinez to second . Dellucci grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Barfield scored , Sizemore out at second , Martinez to third . Blake doubled to left , Martinez scored , Dellucci thrown out at home , Blake to third advancing on throw . Hafner intentionally walked . Peralta walked , Hafner to second . Dellucci in left field . Martinez catching . Borowski pitching for Indians . Garko struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Bloomquist ran for Vidro . Borowski pitching for Indians . Vidro singled to center . Guillen flied out to center . Ibanez doubled to deep center , Bloomquist scored . Johjima singled to center , Ibanez to third . Ellison in right field . Broussard flied out to right , Ibanez thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Nixon popped out to shortstop . Barfield grounded out to shortstop . Martinez singled to center . Sizemore walked , Martinez to second . Dellucci grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Indians 7 .	Ibanez hits 2 HRs , doubles in winner for M 's in 9th