Devil Rays - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Iwamura fouled out to third . Harris lined out to right . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Sizemore struck out swinging . Blake struck out swinging . Martinez doubled to deep center . Hafner walked . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hafner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Wigginton grounded out to third . Gomes struck out swinging . Cantu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Michaels hit by pitch . Garko singled to left , Michaels to second . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop , Michaels to third , Garko to second . Barfield struck out swinging . Sizemore singled to center , Michaels and Garko scored . Sizemore caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Blake batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Wilson struck out swinging . Casanova singled to center . Mohr lined out to second . Iwamura struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Blake flied out to right . Martinez doubled to left . Hafner flied out to center . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Harris flied out to right . Young flied out to center . Wigginton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Michaels lined out to third . Garko doubled to left . Gutierrez singled to right center , Garko to third . Barfield grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Garko scored , Gutierrez out at second . Barfield to second on wild pitch by Howell . Sizemore singled to center , Barfield scored , Sizemore to third on error by center fielder Young . Blake grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Gomes singled to center . Cantu grounded out to pitcher , Gomes to second . Wilson singled to left , Gomes to third . Casanova hit sacrifice fly to right , Gomes scored , Wilson to second on throwing error by right fielder Gutierrez . Mohr singled to left , Wilson scored , Mohr to second advancing on throw . Iwamura flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Martinez struck out looking . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Hafner homered to right . Peralta singled to right . Michaels grounded out to shortstop , Peralta to second . Garko struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Harris flied out to left . Young doubled to left . Wigginton singled to left , Young scored . Gomes struck out swinging . Cantu struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Gutierrez doubled to left . Barfield singled to right center , Gutierrez to third . Sizemore walked , Barfield to second . Blake singled to left , Gutierrez and Barfield scored , Sizemore to second . Martinez flied out to right , Sizemore to third . Hafner popped out to shortstop . Peralta singled to center , Sizemore scored , Blake to second . Michaels flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Wilson struck out swinging . Casanova grounded out to third . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Mohr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Garko grounded out to shortstop . Gutierrez grounded out to second . Perez pitching for Indians . Barfield grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Iwamura lined out to left . Harris safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Blake . Young safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Perez , Harris to second . Wigginton flied out to center . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Sizemore singled to right . Blake grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sizemore out at second . Martinez singled to right . Hafner walked , Martinez to second . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hafner out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Cantu flied out to right . Wilson singled to left . Casanova homered to left , Wilson scored . Borowski pitching for Indians . Mohr homered to left . Iwamura flied out to left . Harris grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 6 - Indians 8 .	Sabathia wins 12th in Indians ' victory over D - Rays