Devil Rays - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Iwamura grounded out to first . Harris grounded out to second . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Sizemore grounded out to second . Blake flied out to left . Martinez walked . Hafner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Norton grounded out to first . Pena walked . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pena out at second . Gomes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Garko doubled to deep left . Nixon safe at first on error by second baseman Wilson , Garko to third . Francisco doubled to left , Garko scored , Nixon to third . Rouse hit sacrifice fly to right , Nixon scored , Francisco out at third . Barfield flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Navarro struck out looking . Wilson struck out swinging . Iwamura grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Sizemore struck out swinging . Blake grounded out to shortstop . Martinez singled to center . Hafner reached on infield single to second , Martinez to second . Garko flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Harris singled to center . Crawford flied out to left . Norton flied out to left . Pena flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Nixon flied out to left . Francisco homered to left . Rouse singled to right . Barfield flied out to left . Sizemore struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Young struck out swinging . Gomes grounded out to third . Navarro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Blake struck out looking . Martinez flied out to center . Hafner grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Wilson struck out swinging . Iwamura singled to left . Harris struck out swinging . Iwamura stole second . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Garko popped out to shortstop . Nixon flied out to center . Francisco walked . Rouse popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Norton walked . Pena singled to right , Norton to second . Young singled to left , Norton to third , Pena to second . Wigginton hit for Navarro . Gomes safe at first on error by third baseman Blake , Norton scored , Pena to third , Young to second . Casanova hit for Wilson . Perez pitching for Indians . Wigginton hit by pitch , Pena scored , Young to third , Gomes to second . Casanova struck out swinging . Iwamura grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Young out at home , Gomes to third , Wigginton to second . Wigginton at second base . Casanova catching . Witasick pitching for Devil Rays . Harris grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 7th . Witasick pitching for Devil Rays . Barfield grounded out to shortstop . Sizemore fouled out to left . Blake flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Crawford struck out swinging . Norton grounded out to third . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Mohr ran for Pena . Pena walked . Norton at first base . Glover pitching for Devil Rays . Glover pitching for Devil Rays . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Glover pitching for Devil Rays . Martinez singled to right . Hafner grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martinez safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Wigginton . Martinez to third , Hafner to second on wild pitch by Glover . Garko hit sacrifice fly to right , Martinez scored . Gutierrez ran for Nixon . Reyes pitching for Devil Rays . Nixon intentionally walked . Francisco singled to left , Hafner scored , Gutierrez to second , Gutierrez to third on error by left fielder Crawford . Rouse walked , Francisco to second , Gutierrez scored , Francisco to third on throwing error by catcher Casanova . Barfield walked , Rouse to second . Sizemore homered to right center , Francisco , Rouse and Barfield scored . Blake lined out to center . Gutierrez in right field . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Martinez popped out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 3 Hits , 3 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop . Casanova walked . Iwamura lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 2 - Indians 10 .	Indians add to ML - best home record , sweep Rays