White Sox - Top 1st . Lee pitching for Indians . Owens singled to center . Iguchi walked , Owens to second . Thome singled to center , Owens scored , Iguchi to second . Konerko struck out swinging . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Thome out at second , Iguchi to third . Dye struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Sizemore lined out to left . Blake struck out swinging . Martinez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Lee pitching for Indians . Mackowiak grounded out to shortstop . Fields singled to left . Uribe singled to center , Fields to third . Owens grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fields scored , Uribe out at second . Owens stole second . Iguchi struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Hafner grounded out to second . Peralta singled to left . Garko struck out looking . Michaels flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Lee pitching for Indians . Thome singled to right . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thome out at second . Pierzynski flied out to center . Dye lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Gutierrez doubled to deep right center . Barfield struck out swinging , Gutierrez stole third . Sizemore fouled out to catcher . Blake grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Lee pitching for Indians . Mackowiak grounded out to second . Fields struck out looking . Uribe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Martinez homered to left . Hafner walked . Peralta doubled to deep left center , Hafner to third . Garko hit sacrifice fly to left , Hafner scored . Michaels grounded out to shortstop . Gutierrez flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Lee pitching for Indians . Owens bunt grounded out to second . Iguchi fouled out to first . Thome walked . Konerko struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Barfield flied out to left . Sizemore grounded out to first . Blake tripled to deep center . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Lee pitching for Indians . Pierzynski doubled to deep center . Dye singled to center , Pierzynski to third . Mackowiak reached on infield single to first , Pierzynski scored , Dye to second . Fields sacrificed to third , Dye to third , Mackowiak to second . Uribe intentionally walked . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Owens singled to right , Dye and Mackowiak scored , Uribe to third . Iguchi hit sacrifice fly to left , Uribe scored . Thome doubled to right , Owens to third . Konerko homered to left , Owens and Thome scored . Pierzynski singled to right center . Dye doubled to deep left , Pierzynski to third . Lewis pitching for Indians . Mackowiak doubled to deep left , Pierzynski and Dye scored . Fields walked . Uribe struck out swinging . 9 Runs , 9 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Hafner reached on infield single to third . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hafner out at second . Garko singled to left , Peralta to second . Michaels flied out to right , Peralta to third . Masset pitching for White Sox . Gutierrez homered to left , Peralta and Garko scored . Barfield popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Owens walked . Iguchi struck out swinging . Thome walked , Owens to second . Konerko flied out to center . Pierzynski popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Masset pitching for White Sox . Sizemore popped out to second . Blake walked . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Martinez hit by pitch , Blake to second . Hafner struck out swinging . Stanford pitching for Indians . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Stanford pitching for Indians . Dye popped out to first . Mackowiak struck out swinging . Fields singled to center . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Bukvich pitching for White Sox . Garko singled to right . Michaels singled to center , Garko to second . Gutierrez singled to center , Garko to third , Michaels to second . Logan pitching for White Sox . Barfield grounded out to third , Garko scored , Michaels to third , Gutierrez to second . Sizemore walked . Blake safe at first on error by shortstop Uribe , Michaels scored , Gutierrez to third , Sizemore to second . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to left , Gutierrez scored . Sizemore to third , Blake to second on wild pitch by Logan . Francisco ran for Hafner . Day pitching for White Sox . Hafner singled to right , Sizemore and Blake scored . Peralta grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Owens struck out looking . Iguchi struck out swinging . Thome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Nixon hit for Michaels . Garko grounded out to first . Nixon struck out swinging . Gutierrez singled to right . Gutierrez stole second . Barfield fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 11 - Indians 10 .	ChiSox bullpen nearly coughs up win over Indians