White Sox - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Owens singled to center . Iguchi singled to center , Owens to third . Thome walked , Iguchi to second . Konerko grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Owens scored , Thome out at second , Iguchi to third . Mackowiak grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Sizemore bunt grounded out to pitcher . Blake grounded out to first . Martinez singled to right center . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Dye grounded out to second . Cintron popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Peralta lined out to left . Garko singled to left . Michaels struck out looking . Gutierrez reached on infield single to shortstop , Garko to second . Barfield flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Hall grounded out to shortstop . Owens struck out swinging . Iguchi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Sizemore singled to right . Blake singled to right , Sizemore to second . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blake out at second , Sizemore to third . Hafner grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Thome singled to center . Konerko homered to center , Thome scored . Mackowiak doubled to center . Dye doubled to deep left center , Mackowiak scored . Cintron grounded out to shortstop , Dye to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Hall popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Peralta struck out swinging . Garko walked . Michaels grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Garko out at second . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Michaels out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Owens lined out to left . Iguchi grounded out to third . Thome grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Barfield singled to right center . Sizemore flied out to right . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Barfield out at second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blake out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Konerko flied out to center . Mackowiak singled to right . Dye walked , Mackowiak to second . Cintron grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dye out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Hafner grounded out to first . Peralta grounded out to third . Garko doubled to deep center . Michaels flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Hall struck out looking . Owens singled to left center . Owens caught stealing second , pitcher to second . Iguchi batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Gutierrez doubled to left . Barfield flied out to right , Gutierrez to third . Sizemore singled to right , Gutierrez scored . Blake singled to left center , Sizemore to second . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Martinez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Blake out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Iguchi tripled to deep left . Thome walked . Konerko struck out swinging . Mackowiak singled to left , Iguchi scored , Thome to second . Dye struck out swinging . Cintron flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Uribe at shortstop . Haeger pitching for White Sox . Hafner fouled out to third . Peralta flied out to center . Garko popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Stanford pitching for Indians . Gonzalez walked . Hall grounded out to third , Gonzalez to second . Owens walked , Gonzalez stole third . Owens batting . Iguchi walked , Owens to second . Thome struck out swinging . Konerko flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Haeger pitching for White Sox . Michaels flied out to right . Gutierrez popped out to second . Barfield reached on infield single to second . Barfield to second on fielder 's indifference . Sizemore walked . Blake flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Indians 1 .	Buehrle brilliant as White Sox spoil Indians ' day