Twins - Top 1st . Byrd pitching for Indians . Casilla grounded out to third . Bartlett flied out to center . Hunter grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Silva pitching for Twins . Sizemore walked . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sizemore safe at second on error by shortstop Bartlett . Hafner flied out to center . Martinez singled to left , Sizemore to third , Cabrera to second . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to right , Sizemore scored . Blake grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Kubel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Silva pitching for Twins . Lofton flied out to center . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Shoppach flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Redmond grounded out to shortstop . Tyner singled to left . Punto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tyner out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Silva pitching for Twins . Sizemore popped out to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to center . Hafner singled to center . Martinez homered to right center , Hafner scored . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Casilla bunt grounded out to pitcher . Bartlett grounded out to third . Hunter lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Silva pitching for Twins . Blake singled to left . Lofton singled to left , Blake to second . Gutierrez sacrificed to pitcher , Blake to third , Lofton to second . Shoppach doubled to deep left , Blake and Lofton scored . Sizemore walked . Cabrera grounded out to second , Shoppach to third , Sizemore to second . Hafner singled to center , Shoppach and Sizemore scored . DePaula pitching for Twins . Martinez grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Morneau singled to deep left . Morneau to second on wild pitch by Byrd . Cuddyer flied out to left . Kubel singled to left , Morneau to third . Redmond singled to right , Morneau scored , Kubel to third . Kubel scored , Redmond to second on wild pitch by Byrd . Tyner grounded out to second , Redmond to third . Punto flied out to right . 2 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . DePaula pitching for Twins . Peralta flied out to center . Blake hit by pitch . Lofton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Blake out at second . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lofton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Casilla grounded out to shortstop . Bartlett homered to left . Hunter flied out to center . Morneau flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . DePaula pitching for Twins . Shoppach singled to left . Sizemore singled to center , Shoppach to second . Cabrera struck out looking . Hafner grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Cuddyer doubled to deep right center . Kubel walked . Perez pitching for Indians . Redmond grounded into triple play , third to second to first , Cuddyer out at third , Kubel out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Martinez struck out swinging . Peralta walked . Blake reached on infield single to shortstop , Peralta to second . Peralta to third , Blake to second on wild pitch by Guerrier . Lofton hit sacrifice fly to left , Peralta scored . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Fultz pitching for Indians . Tyner grounded out to second . Punto struck out swinging . Casilla singled to left . Bartlett reached on infield single to shortstop , Casilla to second . Lewis pitching for Indians . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bartlett out at second . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Neshek pitching for Twins . Shoppach flied out to left . Sizemore grounded out to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Morneau fouled out to third . Cuddyer grounded out to third . Kubel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 3 - Indians 8 .	Indians turn triple play on way to slowing Twins