Athletics - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Stewart reached on infield single to first . Barton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stewart out at second . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Braden pitching for Athletics . Sizemore reached on bunt single to second . Cabrera sacrificed to catcher , Sizemore to second . Hafner struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Cust grounded out to pitcher . Piazza walked . Ellis grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Piazza out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Braden pitching for Athletics . Garko walked . Peralta singled to left center , Garko to second . Garko to third , Peralta to second on wild pitch by Braden . Michaels grounded out to second , Garko scored , Peralta to third . Gutierrez walked . Blake struck out swinging . Sizemore singled to shallow left , Peralta scored , Gutierrez to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Hannahan flied out to left . Bowen struck out looking . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Braden pitching for Athletics . Hafner grounded out to second . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Garko flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Stewart doubled to deep right . Barton grounded out to second , Stewart to third . Swisher struck out swinging . Cust struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Braden pitching for Athletics . Peralta singled to left . Michaels singled to left , Peralta to second . Gutierrez flied out to center , Peralta to third . Blake doubled to deep center , Peralta and Michaels scored . Sizemore tripled to right , Blake scored . Cabrera singled to left , Sizemore scored . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Hafner grounded out to second , Cabrera to second . Martinez intentionally walked . Garko struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Piazza grounded out to pitcher . Ellis flied out to center . Hannahan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Peralta struck out swinging . Michaels flied out to right . Gutierrez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Bowen struck out swinging . Murphy singled to center . Stewart struck out swinging . Barton homered to right , Murphy scored . Swisher grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Blake struck out swinging . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Sizemore singled to right . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Cust walked . Piazza flied out to center . Ellis struck out swinging . Hannahan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Hafner singled to left center . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hafner out at second . Brown pitching for Athletics . Garko walked . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Bowen flied out to right . Murphy struck out swinging . Stewart singled to left . Barton doubled to right , Stewart to third . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Swisher struck out swinging . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Brown pitching for Athletics . Michaels walked . Gutierrez sacrificed to pitcher , Michaels to second . Blake grounded out to second , Michaels to third . Sizemore intentionally walked . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Cust struck out looking . Piazza popped out to second . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 2 - Indians 6 .	Indians top A 's , clinch 1st AL Central title since ' 01