Indians - Top 1st . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Sizemore grounded out to second . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop . Hafner walked , Cabrera to second . Martinez flied out to left . Garko singled to center , Cabrera scored , Hafner to second . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garko out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Damon singled to left . Jeter grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Damon out at second . Abreu grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Lofton popped out to shortstop . Nixon homered to right . Blake grounded out to second . Sizemore singled to right . Sizemore stole second . Cabrera flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Rodriguez singled to center . Posada grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rodriguez out at second . Giambi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Hafner walked . Martinez struck out swinging . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Hafner to second on wild pitch by Hughes . Garko grounded out to shortstop . Peralta doubled to right , Hafner scored . Lofton flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Matsui reached on infield single to second . Cano grounded out to first , Matsui to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Matsui to third . Damon singled to right , Matsui scored , Cabrera to second . Jeter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Damon out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Nixon struck out swinging . Blake flied out to center . Sizemore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez flied out to left . Posada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Cabrera flied out to left . Hafner singled to right center . Martinez flied out to center . Garko struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Giambi struck out swinging . Matsui singled to left . Cano doubled to deep left , Matsui to third . Cabrera singled to left , Matsui scored , Cano to third . Damon homered to right , Cano and Cabrera scored . Jeter flied out to center . Abreu popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Peralta singled to left . Lofton struck out swinging . Nixon flied out to left . Blake flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop . Fultz pitching for Indians . Posada singled to left , Rodriguez to second . Mientkiewicz hit for Giambi . Mientkiewicz sacrificed to third , Rodriguez to third , Posada to second . Mientkiewicz hit for Giambi . Mientkiewicz sacrificed to third , Rodriguez to third , Posada to second . Matsui intentionally walked . Cano singled to right , Rodriguez and Posada scored , Matsui to second , Matsui scored , Cano to third on error by right fielder Nixon . Cabrera grounded out to third . Damon struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 7th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Cabrera struck out swinging . Hafner flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Jeter struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Martinez singled to center . Garko grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second . Peralta walked . Lofton singled to left , Peralta to second . Nixon doubled to deep center , Peralta scored , Lofton to third . Gutierrez ran for Nixon . Blake flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Gutierrez in right field . Borowski pitching for Indians . Posada walked . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . Matsui walked , Posada to second . Cano flied out to center . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Sizemore flied out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . Hafner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Yankees 8 .	Yankees rally to beat Indians