Rockies - Top 1st. Barnes pitching for Brewers. Blackmon walked. Story walked, Blackmon to second. Murphy struck out swinging, Story to second on wild pitch by Barnes, Blackmon to third on wild pitch by Barnes. Arenado homered to center (425 feet), Blackmon scored and Story scored. McMahon reached on infield single to first. Desmond walked, McMahon to second. Tapia struck out swinging. Butera struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Cain lined out to right. Thames singled to right. Moustakas homered to left (388 feet), Thames scored. Grandal singled to deep center. Shaw flied out to center. Aguilar walked, Grandal to second. Gamel grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Hart pitching for Brewers. Senzatela struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded out to third. Story grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Arcia grounded out to second. Hart grounded out to third. Cain grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Hart pitching for Brewers. Murphy singled to center. Arenado singled to center, Murphy to second. McMahon struck out swinging. Desmond grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arenado out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Thames struck out swinging. Moustakas flied out to right. Grandal grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Hart pitching for Brewers. Tapia grounded out to third. Butera grounded out to pitcher. Senzatela grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Shaw doubled to deep right. Aguilar walked. Gamel grounded out to first, Gamel safe at first on error by first baseman Murphy, Aguilar to second, Shaw to third. Arcia walked. Braun hit for Hart. Braun struck out swinging. Cain grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Burnes pitching for Brewers. Blackmon struck out swinging. Story flied out to right. Murphy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Dunn pitching for Rockies. Thames walked. Moustakas struck out looking. Grandal singled to left, Thames to second. Shaw struck out swinging. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Aguilar walked, Grandal to second, Thames to third. Gamel singled to center, Grandal scored and Thames scored, Gamel to second, Aguilar to third. Arcia struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Burnes pitching for Brewers. Arenado struck out swinging. McMahon walked. Desmond singled to right, McMahon to third. McMahon scored on Burnes wild pitch, Desmond to second on wild pitch by Burnes. Tapia walked. Dahl hit for Butera. Dahl struck out swinging. Wolters hit for Estévez. Wolters singled to center, Desmond scored, Tapia to second. Blackmon doubled to right, Tapia scored, Wolters to third. Story flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Oh pitching for Rockies. Piña hit for Burnes. Wolters catching. Piña grounded out to shortstop. Cain grounded out to second. Thames struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Albers pitching for Brewers. Murphy fouled out to shortstop. Arenado struck out looking. McMahon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Moustakas popped out to third. Grandal walked. Shaw grounded into double play, second to third to first, Grandal out at second in rundown. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Jackson pitching for Brewers. Desmond struck out looking. Tapia doubled to right center. Reynolds hit for Shaw. Reynolds walked, Tapia stole third. Wolters hit sacrifice fly to center, Tapia scored. Blackmon hit by pitch, Reynolds to second. Story homered to right center (411 feet), Reynolds scored and Blackmon scored. Murphy struck out looking. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Aguilar walked. Gamel singled to center, Aguilar to second. Arcia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gamel out at second, Aguilar to third. Pérez hit for Jackson. Pérez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Arenado homered to center (402 feet). McMahon walked. Desmond grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McMahon out at second. Tapia grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Musgrave pitching for Rockies. Cain singled to center. Thames walked, Cain to second. Moustakas lined out to center. Grandal struck out swinging. Cain to third on fielder's indifference. Cain to third on fielder's indifference. Thames to second on fielder's indifference. Shaw fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 11 - Brewers 4.	Arenado homers twice as Rockies beat Brewers 11-4