Reds - Top 1st. Davies pitching for Brewers. Senzel walked. Votto struck out swinging. Suárez lined out to right. Senzel caught stealing second, catcher to third. Zach Davies pitches to Jesse Winker. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Castillo pitching for Reds. Cain grounded out to shortstop. Moustakas grounded out to first. Grandal walked. Thames flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Davies pitching for Brewers. Winker singled to left. Dietrich singled to right, Winker to second. Iglesias singled to left, Dietrich to second, Winker to third. VanMeter doubled to left, Winker scored and Dietrich scored, Iglesias to third. Castillo flied out to right. Barnhart homered to right (413 feet), Iglesias scored and VanMeter scored. Senzel flied out to center. Votto struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Hiura homered to left (395 feet). Gamel walked. Pérez doubled to right center, Gamel to third. Arcia grounded out to third. Davies bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Pérez to third, Gamel out at home. Cain grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davies out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Davies pitching for Brewers. Suárez lined out to center. Winker flied out to left. Dietrich homered to center (432 feet). Iglesias grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Moustakas homered to right center (408 feet). Grandal walked. Thames struck out swinging. Hiura struck out swinging. Gamel hit by pitch, Grandal to second. Pérez reached on infield single to shortstop, Gamel to second, Grandal to third. Arcia singled to left, Gamel scored and Grandal scored, Arcia to second, Pérez to third. Lorenzen pitching for Reds. Braun hit for Davies. Braun struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Burnes pitching for Brewers. VanMeter struck out swinging. Lorenzen struck out swinging. Barnhart grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Lorenzen pitching for Reds. Cain safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Lorenzen. Moustakas singled to right, Cain to third. Grandal grounded out to third, Moustakas to second. Thames singled to shallow center, Cain scored and Moustakas scored. Hiura grounded into fielder's choice to second, Thames out at second. Gamel walked, Hiura to second. Pérez lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 5th. Burnes pitching for Brewers. Senzel struck out swinging. Votto grounded out to pitcher. Suárez singled to right center. Winker walked, Suárez to second. Dietrich walked, Winker to second, Suárez to third. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Iglesias singled to right, Suárez scored and Winker scored, Dietrich to second. VanMeter walked, Iglesias to second, Dietrich to third. Ervin hit for Lorenzen. Ervin lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Hughes pitching for Reds. Hughes pitching for Reds. Ervin in right field. Arcia flied out to center. Guerra struck out swinging. Cain grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Barnhart grounded out to first. Senzel struck out looking. Votto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Peralta pitching for Reds. Moustakas singled to left. Grandal homered to right (398 feet), Moustakas scored. Thames singled to center. Hiura struck out swinging. Gamel hit by pitch, Thames to second. Casali catching. Hernandez pitching for Reds. Pérez singled to left, Thames scored, Gamel to third. Arcia singled to shallow right, Gamel scored, Pérez to third. Aguilar hit for Guerra. Arcia stole second. Aguilar hit sacrifice fly to center, Pérez scored, Arcia to third. Cain struck out looking. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Claudio pitching for Brewers. Suárez walked. Winker grounded out to first, Suárez to second. Dietrich hit by pitch. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Iglesias singled to center, Dietrich to second, Suárez to third. Casali hit by pitch, Suárez scored, Iglesias to second, Dietrich to third. Ervin struck out swinging, Casali out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Winker in left field. Stephenson pitching for Reds. Peraza in left field. Moustakas struck out swinging. Grandal flied out to right. Thames grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Peraza singled to center. Senzel struck out looking. Votto singled to left center, Peraza to third. Hader pitching for Brewers. Nottingham at first base. Suárez flied out to right. Winker lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Stephenson pitching for Reds. Hiura struck out swinging. Gamel struck out swinging. Pérez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Hader pitching for Brewers. Dietrich struck out swinging. Iglesias struck out swinging. Casali flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 9 - Brewers 11.	Bizarre double play helps Grandal, Brewers outlast Reds 11-9