Brewers - Top 1st. Pomeranz pitching for Giants. Cain flied out to right. Yelich grounded out to second. Braun popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Davies pitching for Brewers. Panik popped out to third. Belt flied out to left. Sandoval doubled to deep center. Posey grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Pomeranz pitching for Giants. Grandal walked. Moustakas grounded into fielder's choice to third, Grandal out at second. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Moustakas out at second. Aguilar popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Davies pitching for Brewers. Longoria grounded out to third. Crawford grounded out to second. Pillar singled to right. Pillar out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Zach Davies pitches to Steven Duggar. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Pomeranz pitching for Giants. Arcia walked. Davies struck out looking. Cain singled to center, Arcia to third. Arcia scored, Cain to second on passed ball by Posey. Yelich lined out to shortstop. Braun struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Davies pitching for Brewers. Duggar struck out swinging. Pomeranz struck out swinging. Panik flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Pomeranz pitching for Giants. Grandal struck out swinging. Moustakas singled to left. Pérez struck out swinging. Aguilar singled to left, Moustakas to second. Arcia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aguilar out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Davies pitching for Brewers. Belt singled to right center. Sandoval homered to left (379 feet), Belt scored. Posey flied out to left. Longoria flied out to right. Crawford bunt popped out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Pomeranz pitching for Giants. Davies lined out to right. Cain safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford. Cain stole second. Yelich singled to left, Cain scored. Braun struck out swinging. Yelich stole second. Grandal walked. Moustakas grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 5th. Davies pitching for Brewers. Pillar homered to left (381 feet). Duggar singled to center. Pomeranz sacrificed to first, Duggar to second. Panik grounded out to second, Duggar to third. Belt walked. Sandoval grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belt out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Pomeranz pitching for Giants. Pérez singled to left. Moronta pitching for Giants. Aguilar popped out to second. Arcia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pérez out at second. Thames hit for Davies. Thames popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Albers pitching for Brewers. Posey grounded out to second. Longoria safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas. Crawford grounded into double play, first to shortstop to second, Longoria out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 7th. Belt at first base. Sandoval at third base. Dyson pitching for Giants. Yastrzemski in left field. Cain reached on infield single to third. Yelich walked, Cain to second. Braun grounded into double play, second to first, Yelich out at second, Cain to third. Grandal grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Albers pitching for Brewers. Pillar singled to center. Claudio pitching for Brewers. Duggar struck out swinging. Pillar stole second. Yastrzemski homered to center (411 feet), Pillar scored. Panik lined out to right. Belt flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Melancon pitching for Giants. Moustakas singled to left. Pérez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Moustakas out at second. Aguilar walked. Arcia singled to right, Aguilar to third. Shaw hit for Claudio. Shaw walked, Arcia to second. Aguilar scored on Melancon wild pitch, Shaw to second on wild pitch by Melancon, Arcia to third on wild pitch by Melancon. Cain flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Burnes pitching for Brewers. Sandoval singled to center. Posey singled to shallow center, Sandoval to second. Solano hit for Melancon. Solano grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Posey out at second, Sandoval to third. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Smith pitching for Giants. Yelich struck out swinging. Braun fouled out to first. Grandal walked. Moustakas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 3 - Giants 5.	Giants homer 3 times in 5-3 victory over Brewers