Reds - Top 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Freel flied out to center . Phillips reached on bunt single to third . Griffey Jr singled to left , Phillips to second . Conine fouled out to third . Phillips stole third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Livingston pitching for Reds . Furcal hit ground rule double to deep right center . Pierre sacrificed to pitcher , Furcal to third . Garciaparra singled to left , Furcal scored . Kent singled to left , Garciaparra to second . Gonzalez flied out to center , Garciaparra to third . Martin grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Hamilton safe at first on error by first baseman Garciaparra . Hamilton stole second . Castro singled to right , Hamilton scored . Ross singled to right , Castro to third . Livingston sacrificed to pitcher , Ross to second . Freel flied out to right . Phillips flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Livingston pitching for Reds . Betemit doubled to deep right center . Ethier flied out to center , Betemit to third . Hendrickson walked . Furcal sacrificed to pitcher , Betemit scored , Hendrickson to second . Pierre reached on infield single to first , Hendrickson to third . Garciaparra singled to left , Hendrickson scored , Pierre to second . Kent grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pierre out at third , Garciaparra to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Griffey Jr walked . Conine flied out to center . Gonzalez flied out to left . Hamilton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Livingston pitching for Reds . Gonzalez singled to left . Martin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . Betemit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop . Ross grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castro out at second . Livingston sacrificed to pitcher , Ross to second . Freel singled to center , Ross scored . Phillips singled to left , Freel to second . Griffey Jr homered to right , Freel and Phillips scored . Conine walked . Conine stole second . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Livingston pitching for Reds . Ethier grounded out to third . Hendrickson grounded out to third . Furcal doubled to deep left . Pierre grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Hamilton flied out to left . Castro lined out to second . Ross struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Livingston pitching for Reds . Garciaparra flied out to left . Kent homered to center . Gonzalez singled to right . Martin grounded out to second , Gonzalez to second . Gonzalez to third on passed ball by Ross . Betemit flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Livingston struck out looking . Freel safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Furcal . Phillips grounded out to shortstop , Freel to third . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . LaRoche at third base . Griffey Jr intentionally walked . Griffey Jr stole second . Conine walked . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Coffey pitching for Reds . Ethier grounded out to second . LaRoche singled to center . LaRoche to second on wild pitch by Coffey . Furcal reached on infield single to shortstop , LaRoche to third . Pierre struck out swinging . Garciaparra struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 7th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Hamilton flied out to left . Castro grounded out to second . Ross struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Coffey pitching for Reds . Kent grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Saenz hit for Billingsley . Martin walked . Wolf ran for Saenz . Coutlangus pitching for Reds . Saenz singled to left , Martin to second . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Hatteberg hit for Coutlangus . Ethier lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Hatteberg struck out swinging . Freel flied out to left . Saarloos pitching for Reds . Phillips struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Saarloos pitching for Reds . LaRoche singled to left . Furcal singled to right , LaRoche to third . Furcal stole second . Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop , LaRoche scored , Furcal to third . Pierre stole second . Garciaparra singled to left , Furcal scored , Pierre to third . Stanton pitching for Reds . Kent lined out to shortstop . Gonzalez fouled out to third . Martinez hit for Broxton . Martin walked , Garciaparra to second . Martinez walked , Pierre scored , Garciaparra to third , Martin to second . Ethier singled to center , Garciaparra and Martin scored , Martinez to third , Ethier to second advancing on throw . Clark in left field . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Martinez at second base . LaRoche fouled out to catcher . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Griffey Jr grounded out to first . Conine walked . Hopper hit for Hamilton . Gonzalez flied out to left . Hopper flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 5 - Dodgers 10 .	NL West - leading Dodgers take down hapless Reds