Dodgers - Top 1st . Escobar pitching for Angels . Furcal singled to left . Pierre popped out to shortstop . Garciaparra singled to left center , Furcal to second . Kent grounded into double play , third to second to first , Garciaparra out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Willits bunt grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero doubled to left . Matthews safe at first on error by third baseman Betemit , Guerrero to third . Kotchman singled to right , Guerrero scored , Matthews to second . Izturis grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Saenz fouled out to first . Martin grounded out to third . Ethier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Aybar singled to right . Molina struck out swinging . Murphy struck out looking . Aybar caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Betemit grounded out to second . Clark struck out looking . Furcal walked . Pierre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Willits grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Garciaparra flied out to right . Kent grounded out to third . Saenz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Matthews struck out swinging . Kotchman grounded out to first . Izturis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Martin singled to left . Martin to second on wild pitch by Escobar . Ethier flied out to left . Betemit struck out swinging . Clark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Aybar reached on infield single to pitcher . Molina singled to right , Aybar to third . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Aybar out at home , Molina to second . Willits struck out looking . Cabrera reached on infield single to third , Molina to third , Murphy to second . Guerrero reached on infield single to shortstop , Molina scored , Murphy to third , Cabrera to second , Murphy scored , Cabrera to third on throwing error by shortstop Furcal . Matthews singled to center , Cabrera scored , Guerrero to second . Kotchman fouled out to catcher . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 6th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Furcal grounded out to first . Pierre fouled out to third . Garciaparra flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . Aybar struck out swinging , Aybar safe at first on wild pitch by Lowe . Molina lined into double play , pitcher to first , Aybar out at first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Kent walked . Saenz flied out to center . Martin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kent out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Murphy flied out to right . Willits grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Ethier hit by pitch . Gonzalez hit for Clark . Betemit flied out to center . Gonzalez in left field . Gonzalez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Ethier out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Matthews struck out looking . Kotchman tripled to deep right . Shields pitching for Angels . Izturis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Shields pitching for Angels . Furcal struck out looking . Pierre singled to left . Garciaparra lined out to shortstop . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Kent doubled to deep left center , Pierre scored . Saenz struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 1 - Angels 4 .	L.A. story : Angels complete sweep of Dodgers