Dodgers - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Furcal singled to left center . Pierre singled to right center , Furcal to second . Martin grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pierre out at second . Gonzalez homered to right center , Furcal scored . Loney doubled to deep left . Kemp struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Iwamura struck out swinging . Harris struck out looking . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Betemit flied out to center . Lieberthal popped out to shortstop . Abreu singled to center . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Wigginton homered to left . Young grounded out to shortstop . Gomes struck out swinging . Mohr popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Pierre singled to center . Pierre caught stealing second , catcher to second . Martin flied out to center . Gonzalez doubled to left . Loney grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Navarro flied out to center . Wilson flied out to center . Iwamura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Kemp singled to center . Betemit struck out swinging . Kemp to second . Lieberthal grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Harris grounded out to shortstop . Crawford reached on infield single to third . Wigginton walked , Crawford to second . Young singled to left , Crawford scored , Wigginton to second . Gomes flied out to center . Mohr struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Furcal walked . Pierre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Furcal out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Navarro fouled out to right . Wilson struck out swinging . Iwamura grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Martin singled to center . Gonzalez flied out to left . Loney grounded into double play , second to first , Martin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Harris doubled to deep left . Seanez pitching for Dodgers . Crawford struck out swinging . Wigginton singled to left , Harris scored , Wigginton to third on error by catcher Lieberthal . Young struck out swinging . Wigginton scored on Seanez ' wild pitch . Gomes walked . Witasick pitching for Devil Rays . Mohr flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 7th . Witasick pitching for Devil Rays . Kemp struck out swinging . Betemit grounded out to first . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Lieberthal popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Navarro singled to center . Wilson singled to left , Navarro to second . Iwamura sacrificed to pitcher , Navarro to third , Wilson to second , Iwamura safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Beimel . Navarro scored on throwing error by pitcher Beimel . Harris singled to left , Wilson scored , Iwamura to second . Tomko pitching for Dodgers . Crawford doubled to left , Iwamura and Harris scored . Wigginton grounded out to second , Crawford to third . Young singled to left , Crawford scored . Gomes flied out to left . Glover pitching for Devil Rays . Mohr struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 8th . Glover pitching for Devil Rays . Abreu grounded out to second . Furcal flied out to left . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Pierre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Navarro singled to left . Wilson flied out to left . Iwamura walked , Navarro to second . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Harris grounded into double play , third to second to first , Iwamura out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Martin fouled out to catcher . Gonzalez walked . Loney homered to right , Gonzalez scored . Kemp singled to center . Anderson hit for Lieberthal . Betemit struck out swinging . Anderson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 4 - Devil Rays 9 .	Jackson finally gets a win as D - Rays beat Dodgers