Phillies - Top 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Rollins flied out to left . Victorino singled to left . Utley doubled to right , Victorino scored . Howard struck out swinging . Rowand singled to center , Utley scored . Burrell singled to right , Rowand to third . Helms singled to right , Rowand scored , Burrell to third . Coste grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helms out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Furcal grounded out to second . Pierre struck out swinging . Loney walked . Kent grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Loney out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Durbin singled to left . Rollins hit by pitch , Durbin to second . Victorino singled to left , Durbin to third , Rollins to second . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Durbin out at home , Rollins to third , Victorino to second . Howard struck out swinging . Rowand popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Garciaparra walked . Kemp flied out to left . Lieberthal singled to center , Garciaparra to second . Hendrickson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Burrell popped out to second . Helms lined out to third . Coste grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Furcal grounded out to first . Pierre flied out to center . Loney flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Durbin reached on infield single to third . Rollins singled to left , Durbin to second . Victorino tripled to deep center , Durbin and Rollins scored . Stults pitching for Dodgers . Utley singled to right , Victorino scored . Howard homered to right , Utley scored . Rowand doubled to deep center . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . Helms flied out to center . Coste grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Kent doubled to deep center . Gonzalez flied out to left . Garciaparra singled to center , Kent to third . Kemp singled to right center , Kent scored , Garciaparra to second . Lieberthal singled to center , Garciaparra to third , Kemp to second . Stults struck out looking . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lieberthal out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Stults pitching for Dodgers . Durbin lined out to second . Rollins singled to center . Victorino popped out to third . Utley doubled to deep right , Rollins scored . Howard homered to center , Utley scored . Rowand doubled to deep left . Burrell walked . Helms lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Pierre singled to shallow center . Loney grounded out to first . Kent flied out to center . Betemit at shortstop . Ethier in right field . Kemp in center field . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Stults pitching for Dodgers . Coste popped out to second . Durbin singled to right . Rollins flied out to center . Victorino singled to right , Durbin to second . Utley popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Garciaparra lined out to shortstop . Kemp struck out swinging . Seanez pitching for Dodgers . Martinez at second base . Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Seanez pitching for Dodgers . Howard flied out to center . Rowand homered to center . Burrell homered to left . Helms grounded out to third . Bourn in left field . Zagurski pitching for Phillies . Zagurski pitching for Phillies . Bourn in left field . Coste struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Zagurski pitching for Phillies . Martinez popped out to second . Betemit doubled to left . Ethier singled to right , Betemit to third . Loney batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Bourn batting . Rollins reached on infield single to second . Victorino singled to center , Rollins to second . Utley lined out to left . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Nunez at second base . Howard grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez singled to center . Garciaparra flied out to right . Kemp reached on infield single to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Lieberthal singled to left , Gonzalez to third , Kemp to second . Martinez singled to right , Gonzalez and Kemp scored , Lieberthal to second . Betemit flied out to left . Ethier reached on infield single to second , Lieberthal to third , Martinez to second . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Loney grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Rowand doubled to deep left . Nunez grounded out to second , Rowand to third . Helms grounded out to shortstop , Rowand scored . Coste singled to right . Bourn doubled to deep right , Coste to third . Rollins safe at first on error by third baseman Garciaparra , Coste scored , Bourn to third . Gordon pitching for Phillies . Abreu hit for Beimel . Victorino fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Gordon pitching for Phillies . Abreu singled to left . Gonzalez flied out to left . Garciaparra flied out to left . Kemp flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 15 - Dodgers 3 .	Howard 's two homers , Phils ' 26 hits blast Dodgers