Dodgers - Top 1st . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Furcal singled to left . Pierre flied out to center . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Furcal safe at second on error by third baseman Dobbs . Kent flied out to center . Ethier doubled to deep left , Furcal scored , Kemp thrown out at home . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Rollins flied out to center . Iguchi struck out swinging . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Loney walked . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , third to second to first , Loney out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Howard grounded out to second . Rowand struck out swinging . Victorino grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Lowe grounded out to shortstop . Furcal grounded out to first . Pierre grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Dobbs grounded out to second . Coste grounded out to third . Durbin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Kemp grounded out to third . Kent doubled to deep left center . Ethier homered to center , Kent scored . Martin fouled out to first . Loney grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Rollins doubled to right . Iguchi lined out to first . Burrell struck out swinging . Howard grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Lowe grounded out to pitcher . Furcal grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Rowand singled to left . Rowand to second on wild pitch by Lowe . Victorino grounded out to first , Rowand to third . Dobbs grounded out to first , Rowand scored . Coste grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Pierre grounded out to first . Kemp singled to right center . Kent doubled to deep center , Kemp scored . Ethier intentionally walked . Martin flied out to right . Loney singled to center , Kent scored , Ethier to third , Loney to second advancing on throw . Hillenbrand intentionally walked . Lowe struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Roberson hit for Durbin . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Roberson singled to center . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Roberson out at second . Iguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rollins out at second . Burrell singled to right , Iguchi to third . Howard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Mesa pitching for Phillies . Furcal walked . Pierre singled to center , Furcal to second . Kemp singled to left center , Furcal to third , Pierre to second . Kent hit sacrifice fly to right , Furcal scored , Pierre to third , Kemp to second . Ethier intentionally walked . Martin hit by pitch , Pierre scored , Kemp to third , Ethier to second . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Werth in left field . Loney singled to left , Kemp and Ethier scored , Martin to third . Hillenbrand hit sacrifice fly to center , Martin scored . Lowe grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Martinez at second base . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Rowand singled to right . Victorino flied out to left . Dobbs grounded out to third , Rowand to second . Coste homered to left , Rowand scored . Werth grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Furcal singled to left center . Pierre singled to right , Furcal to second . Kemp tripled to deep center , Furcal and Pierre scored . Martinez grounded out to third , Kemp scored . Ethier popped out to shortstop . Lieberthal hit for Martin . Lieberthal singled to left . Loney grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Lieberthal catching . Proctor pitching for Dodgers . Nunez hit for Rollins . Nunez flied out to left . Iguchi flied out to right . Condrey fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Nunez at shortstop . Helms at first base . Branyan in left field . Werth in center field . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Hillenbrand singled to right . Sweeney hit for Proctor . Sweeney grounded out to pitcher , Hillenbrand to second . Furcal singled to center , Hillenbrand scored . Pierre singled to right , Furcal to second . Kemp singled to left , Furcal to third , Pierre to second . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center , Furcal scored . Ethier flied out to center . 2 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Hernandez pitching for Dodgers . Helms flied out to right . Branyan struck out swinging . Victorino grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 15 - Phillies 3 .	Lowe uses sinker to frustrate Phils