Phillies - Top 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Revere grounded out to first . Hernández grounded out to third . Utley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Span grounded out to first . Desmond struck out swinging . Escobar lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Howard singled to right . Franco struck out swinging . Sizemore grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Howard safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Zimmerman . Herrera struck out looking . Ruiz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman flied out to right . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Hamels grounded out to second . Revere walked . Hernández doubled to left , Revere to third . Utley grounded out to third , Revere scored , Hernández to third . Howard doubled to deep right , Hernández scored . Franco homered to right center ( 404 feet ) , Howard scored . Sizemore fouled out to catcher . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Uggla reached on infield single to third . Taylor flied out to right . Strasburg sacrificed to pitcher , Uggla to second . Span struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Herrera doubled to deep left . Ruiz lined out to right . Hamels singled to right , Herrera to third , Hamels to second on throwing error by right fielder Harper . Revere singled to left , Herrera scored , Hamels thrown out at home , Revere to second advancing on throw . Hernández safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond , Revere advanced to third on Desmond error , Revere scored , Hernández to third on error by catcher Ramos . Cole pitching for Nationals . Utley struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 3 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Desmond flied out to center . Escobar flied out to center . Harper lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Cole pitching for Nationals . Howard homered to center ( 402 feet ) . Franco reached on infield single to third . Sizemore fouled out to left . Herrera lined out to center . Ruiz singled to left center , Franco to second . Hamels struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman reached on infield single to third . Ramos grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Zimmerman out at second . Ramos to second on wild pitch by Hamels . Uggla walked . Taylor struck out swinging . Cole flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Cole pitching for Nationals . Revere singled to left center . Hernández doubled to right center , Revere scored , Hernández out on appeal for missing first base . Utley struck out swinging . Howard flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Blanco at second base . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Span lined out to center . Desmond fouled out to catcher . Escobar doubled to left . Harper grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Cole pitching for Nationals . Franco lined out to third . Sizemore struck out swinging . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman grounded out to second . Ramos grounded out to third . Uggla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Moore at first base . Cole pitching for Nationals . Ruiz struck out swinging . Hamels struck out swinging . Revere grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Taylor reached on infield single to third . Difo hit for Cole . Difo lined out to left . Span lined out to center . Desmond doubled to deep right , Taylor scored . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Janssen pitching for Nationals . Hernández lined out to left . Blanco grounded out to first . Howard lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Harper struck out swinging . Moore struck out swinging . Ramos grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 8 - Nationals 1 .	Hamels excels , Strasburg hit hard , Phils stop streaking Nats