Cardinals - Top 1st . Aumont pitching for Phillies . Wong grounded out to second . Carpenter walked . Peralta lined out to center . Reynolds lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Revere struck out swinging . Hernández singled to center . Franco singled to left , Hernández to second . Howard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Franco out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Aumont pitching for Phillies . Heyward doubled to right . Molina homered to left center ( 379 feet ) , Heyward scored . Grichuk struck out swinging . Jay grounded out to first . Lyons singled to right . Wong homered to right ( 355 feet ) , Lyons scored . Carpenter walked . Peralta walked , Carpenter to second . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peralta out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Francoeur grounded out to third . Brown struck out swinging . Rupp singled to left center . Galvis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rupp safe at second on error by third baseman Carpenter . Aumont walked , Rupp to third , Galvis to second . Revere flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Aumont pitching for Phillies . Heyward struck out looking . Molina walked . Grichuk walked , Molina to second . Jay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Grichuk out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Hernández struck out looking . Franco struck out swinging . Howard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Aumont pitching for Phillies . Lyons walked . Lyons to second on wild pitch by Aumont . Wong grounded out to second , Lyons to third . Carpenter walked . Peralta doubled to left center , Lyons and Carpenter scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . Heyward flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Francoeur lined out to left . Brown fouled out to third . Rupp singled to left . Galvis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Hernández at shortstop . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Blanco at second base . Molina singled to right . Grichuk singled to center , Molina to second . Jay singled to left , Molina to third , Grichuk to second . Lyons singled to left , Molina scored , Grichuk to third , Jay to second . Wong struck out swinging . Carpenter singled to right , Grichuk scored , Jay to third , Lyons to second . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to right , Jay scored , Lyons to third . Reynolds doubled to deep right center , Lyons and Carpenter scored . Heyward grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Blanco grounded out to third . Revere singled to right . Hernández doubled to left , Revere to third . Franco struck out swinging . Howard homered to right ( 352 feet ) , Revere and Hernández scored . Francoeur fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Molina grounded out to second . Grichuk homered to left center ( 402 feet ) . Jay grounded out to second . Garcia hit for Lyons . Garcia singled to right . Wong struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Villanueva pitching for Cardinals . Garcia at second base . Brown singled to right . Rupp grounded out to pitcher , Brown to second . Herrera hit for De Fratus . Herrera struck out swinging . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Gómez pitching for Phillies . Kozma hit for Carpenter . Kozma fouled out to first . Peralta flied out to right . Reynolds walked . Heyward reached on infield single to shortstop , Reynolds to second . Cruz hit for Molina . Cruz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Kozma at shortstop . Scruggs at first base . Reynolds at third base . Cruz catching . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cardinals . Revere grounded out to second . Hernández grounded out to pitcher . Franco singled to center . Howard walked , Franco to second . Francoeur singled to left , Franco to third , Howard to second . Brown flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Gomez pitching for Phillies . Grichuk singled to left . Jay struck out looking . Garcia reached on infield single to second , Grichuk to second , Grichuk to third , Garcia to second on throwing error by second baseman Blanco . Villanueva struck out swinging . Kozma walked . Scruggs struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Socolovich pitching for Cardinals . Rupp struck out swinging . Asche hit for Gómez . Asche singled to right . Blanco walked , Asche to second . Revere walked , Asche to third , Blanco to second . Hernández grounded out to second , Asche scored , Blanco to third , Revere to second . Franco grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Diekman pitching for Phillies . Reynolds struck out swinging . Heyward walked . Cruz flied out to center . Grichuk struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Socolovich pitching for Cardinals . Howard lined out to center . Francoeur lined out to second . Brown flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 12 - Phillies 4 .	Cardinals hit 3 homers in 12 - 4 rout of Phillies