Nationals - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Phillies . Taylor grounded out to second . Espinosa grounded out to second . Escobar walked . Robinson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Roark pitching for Nationals . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop . Hernández stole second . Franco safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond . Brown lined out to center , Hernández to third . Ruf grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Franco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Phillies . Desmond lined out to third . Lobatón grounded out to shortstop . Moore popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Asche singled to center . Ruiz popped out to shortstop . Blanco doubled to deep right , Asche to third . González grounded out to first , Asche scored , Blanco to third . Herrera reached on infield single to second , Blanco scored . Hernández singled to shallow left center , Herrera to third . Franco reached on infield single to shortstop , Herrera scored , Hernández to second . Brown singled to center , Hernández scored , Franco to third . Ruf lined out to center . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Phillies . den Dekker singled to right . Roark sacrificed to first , den Dekker to second . Taylor struck out swinging . Espinosa popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Asche walked . Ruiz lined out to center . Blanco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Asche out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Phillies . Escobar doubled to deep right . Robinson singled to shallow left , Escobar scored . Desmond homered to center ( 453 feet ) , Robinson scored . Lobatón reached on infield single to catcher . Moore struck out swinging . den Dekker lined out to center . Roark grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lobatón out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Roark pitching for Nationals . González singled to shallow right . Herrera singled to right , González to second . Hernández sacrificed to third , González to third , Herrera to second . Franco singled to shallow center , González and Herrera scored . Brown singled to left center , Franco to second . Ruf singled to shallow left , Franco scored , Brown to second . Rivero pitching for Nationals . Asche singled to shallow left , Brown to third , Ruf to second . Ruiz hit sacrifice fly to center , Brown scored . Blanco lined out to center . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Phillies . Taylor struck out swinging . Espinosa struck out swinging . Escobar safe at first on error by third baseman Franco . Robinson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Vazquez pitching for Nationals . González struck out swinging . Herrera singled to right . Hernández singled to shallow center , Herrera to second . Franco struck out swinging , Herrera to third , Hernández to second on wild pitch by Rivero . Brown grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Phillies . Desmond struck out swinging . Lobatón homered to right ( 406 feet ) . Gómez pitching for Phillies . Moore doubled to left . den Dekker flied out to center . Difo hit for Rivero . Difo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Ruf grounded out to second . Asche popped out to shortstop . Ruiz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Araujo pitching for Phillies . Taylor reached on infield single to first . Espinosa lined out to left . Taylor to second on wild pitch by Araujo . Escobar grounded out to second , Taylor to third . Robinson singled to shallow left center , Taylor scored . Giles pitching for Phillies . Revere in left field . Desmond walked , Robinson to second . Lobatón grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Blanco popped out to second . Revere flied out to right . Herrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Giles pitching for Phillies . Moore lined out to center . den Dekker struck out swinging . Burriss hit for Treinen . Burriss grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Janssen pitching for Nationals . Hernández singled to right . Franco flied out to left . Brown flied out to right . Ruf grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hernández out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Phillies . Francoeur in right field . Taylor fouled out to right . Espinosa struck out swinging . Escobar singled to shallow left . Escobar to second on fielder 's indifference . Robinson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Phillies 8 .	Phillies beat Nationals 8 - 5 for doubleheader split