Phillies - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández singled to center . Blanco flied out to right . Herrera grounded out to first , Hernández to second . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Nola pitching for Phillies . Inciarte singled to left . Pollock singled to left , Inciarte to third . Goldschmidt singled to right , Inciarte scored , Pollock to third . Goldschmidt to second on passed ball by Rupp . Lamb grounded out to shortstop , Pollock scored , Goldschmidt to third . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . Hill lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Francoeur singled to right . Asche doubled to right , Francoeur to third . Galvis struck out swinging . Rupp hit sacrifice fly to center , Francoeur scored . Nola struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Romak flied out to right . Ahmed grounded out to third . Anderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández grounded out to second . Blanco homered to right ( 401 feet ) . Herrera reached on bunt single to catcher . Howard grounded out to first , Herrera to second . Francoeur struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Inciarte grounded out to first . Pollock singled to center . Goldschmidt walked , Pollock to second . Lamb flied out to center , Pollock to third , Goldschmidt to second . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Asche doubled to right . Galvis singled to center , Asche to third . Rupp grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Asche scored , Galvis out at second . Nola grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Hill singled to left center . Romak flied out to center . Ahmed popped out to first . Anderson bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández grounded out to pitcher . Blanco struck out swinging . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Inciarte singled to left . Pollock grounded out to third , Inciarte to second . Goldschmidt tripled to right , Inciarte scored . Lamb singled to left center , Goldschmidt scored . Castillo lined out to center . Hill singled to left center , Lamb to third , Hill out stretching at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Howard doubled to right . Francoeur singled to left center . Hessler pitching for Diamondbacks . Asche grounded out to first , Howard to third , Francoeur to second . Galvis singled to left , Howard scored , Francoeur to third . Rupp homered to right ( 384 feet ) , Francoeur and Galvis scored . Ruf hit for Nola . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Ruf grounded out to shortstop . Hernández singled to center . Blanco reached on infield single to second , Hernández to second . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Owings at second base . Herrera grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Gómez pitching for Phillies . Romak singled to left . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Romak out at second . Owings singled to right , Ahmed to second . Inciarte lined out to left . Pollock grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Howard lined out to shortstop . Francoeur grounded out to catcher . Asche grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Gomez pitching for Phillies . Goldschmidt doubled to right . Lamb grounded out to shortstop , Goldschmidt to third . Castillo hit sacrifice fly to center , Goldschmidt scored . Saltalamacchia hit for Collmenter . Saltalamacchia lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Galvis grounded out to first . Rupp fouled out to right . Brown hit for Gómez . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . García pitching for Phillies . Romak singled to right . Ahmed grounded out to pitcher , Romak to second . Owings doubled to right , Romak scored . Inciarte reached on infield single to first , Owings to third . Inciarte to second on wild pitch by García . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Owings out at home , Inciarte to third . Giles pitching for Phillies . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández flied out to center . Blanco popped out to shortstop . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Giles pitching for Phillies . Lamb grounded out to second . Castillo lined out to center . Peralta hit for Hudson . Peralta singled to right . Romak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 7 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Phillies avoid 3 - game sweep , beat D - backs 7 - 6