Phillies - Top 1st . Flores pitching for Marlins . Hernández lined out to right . Blanco flied out to left . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Gordon lined out to left . Suzuki flied out to right . Prado lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Flores pitching for Marlins . Howard flied out to left . Asche lined out to right . Brown flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Bour reached on infield single to third . Ozuna popped out to shortstop . Gillespie grounded out to third , Bour to second . Realmuto popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Flores pitching for Marlins . Galvis lined out to center . Rupp singled to right . Eickhoff struck out swinging . Hernández struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Hechavarría popped out to second . Flores struck out swinging . Gordon tripled to right . Suzuki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Flores pitching for Marlins . Blanco doubled to shallow left . Herrera singled to right , Blanco scored . Howard doubled to left , Herrera to third . Asche lined out to first . Brown walked . Galvis hit sacrifice fly to left , Herrera scored , Howard to third , Brown to second on throwing error by left fielder Gillespie . Rupp intentionally walked . Eickhoff singled to left , Howard and Brown scored , Rupp to second , Rupp to third , Eickhoff to second on throwing error by left fielder Gillespie . Hernández struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Prado lined out to second . Bour singled to right . Ozuna doubled to left , Bour thrown out at home , Ozuna to third advancing on throw . Gillespie popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Flores pitching for Marlins . Blanco grounded out to third . Herrera singled to left . Howard doubled to deep center , Herrera scored . Asche flied out to center . Brown struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Realmuto struck out looking . Hechavarría lined out to center . Rojas hit for Flores . Rojas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Dietrich in left field . Cordier pitching for Marlins . Galvis singled to center . Rupp singled to left , Galvis to second , Galvis scored on error by left fielder Dietrich . Eickhoff bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Rupp out at second . Eickhoff to second on balk by Cordier . Hernández grounded out to second , Eickhoff to third . Blanco grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Gordon walked . Suzuki reached on infield single to second , Gordon to second . Prado lined out to center . Bour struck out swinging . Ozuna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Cordier pitching for Marlins . Herrera lined out to left . Howard struck out swinging . Asche singled to right . Brown grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Gómez pitching for Phillies . Dietrich homered to right ( 369 feet ) . Realmuto struck out swinging . Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop . McGehee hit for Cordier . McGehee grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Galvis grounded out to shortstop . Rupp lined out to center . Sweeney hit for Gómez . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . García pitching for Phillies . Gordon reached on infield single to second . Suzuki singled to left , Gordon to second . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at second , Gordon to third . Bour grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Prado out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Blanco walked . Herrera grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Blanco out at second . Howard doubled to deep left , Herrera scored . Asche struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Ozuna lined out to right . Dietrich struck out swinging . Realmuto lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 7 - Marlins 1 .	Eickhoff strong in MLB debut for Phillies in 7 - 1 win