Phillies - Top 1st . Niese pitching for Mets . Sweeney flied out to right . Hernández singled to center . Altherr grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hernández safe at second on error by second baseman Murphy . Francoeur lined into double play , pitcher to second , Hernández out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 1st . Harang pitching for Phillies . Granderson flied out to center . Céspedes struck out swinging . Murphy popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Niese pitching for Mets . Ruf grounded out to shortstop . Blanco flied out to center . Ruiz grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Harang pitching for Phillies . Wright grounded out to second . Conforto singled to left center . Cuddyer struck out swinging . d'Arnaud singled to right , Conforto to second . Tejada flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Niese pitching for Mets . Galvis doubled to deep right . Harang sacrificed to third , Galvis to third . Sweeney singled to left , Galvis scored . Hernández walked , Sweeney to second . Altherr grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernández out at second , Sweeney to third . Francoeur singled to center , Sweeney scored , Altherr to third . Ruf homered to left ( 389 feet ) , Altherr and Francoeur scored . Blanco lined out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Harang pitching for Phillies . Niese struck out looking . Granderson flied out to right . Céspedes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Niese pitching for Mets . Ruiz doubled to deep left . Galvis grounded out to shortstop . Harang struck out looking . Sweeney lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Harang pitching for Phillies . Murphy grounded out to third . Wright grounded out to second . Conforto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Niese pitching for Mets . Hernández bunt grounded out to pitcher . Altherr walked . Francoeur struck out swinging , Altherr stole second . Ruf singled to deep left , Altherr scored , Ruf out stretching at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Harang pitching for Phillies . Cuddyer lined out to left . d'Arnaud walked . Tejada reached on infield single to second , d'Arnaud to second . Johnson hit for Niese . Johnson singled to right center , d'Arnaud scored , Tejada to third . Granderson grounded out to catcher , Tejada scored , Johnson to second . Céspedes homered to left ( 414 feet ) , Johnson scored . Neris pitching for Phillies . Murphy popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Blanco walked . Ruiz walked , Blanco to second . Galvis sacrificed to catcher , Blanco to third , Ruiz to second , Galvis safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Parnell . Blanco scored , Ruiz to third on throwing error by pitcher Parnell . Asche hit for Neris . O'Flaherty pitching for Mets . Rupp hit for Asche . Rupp walked , Galvis to second . Torres pitching for Mets . Sweeney doubled to deep right , Ruiz and Galvis scored , Rupp to third . Hernández grounded out to second . Altherr lined out to right . Francoeur walked . Ruf singled to center , Rupp and Sweeney scored , Francoeur to second , Ruf to second , Francoeur to third advancing on throw . Blanco doubled to deep right , Francoeur and Ruf scored . Ruiz safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Tejada , Blanco scored . Galvis flied out to left . 8 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Gómez pitching for Phillies . Wright singled to left . Conforto singled to right , Wright to second . Cuddyer lined out to center , Wright to third . d'Arnaud grounded out to third , Wright scored , Conforto to second . Tejada struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Gilmartin pitching for Mets . Flores at shortstop . Gómez struck out swinging . Sweeney struck out swinging . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Gomez pitching for Phillies . Flores lined out to second . Granderson grounded out to second . Céspedes tripled to deep right . Murphy singled to center , Céspedes scored . Wright doubled to deep left , Murphy to third . Conforto lined out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Young Jr. in right field . Nieuwenhuis in center field . Uribe at second base . Reed pitching for Mets . Plawecki catching . Campbell at third base . Altherr lined out to center . Francoeur struck out swinging . Ruf grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . García pitching for Phillies . Cuddyer walked . Plawecki walked , Cuddyer to second . Nieuwenhuis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Plawecki out at second , Cuddyer to third . Flores singled to right , Cuddyer scored . Young Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Flores out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Goeddel pitching for Mets . Blanco grounded out to second . Ruiz grounded out to third . Galvis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . Campbell doubled to deep left . Lagares hit for Goeddel . Lagares reached on infield single to third , Campbell to third . Conforto hit sacrifice fly to right , Campbell scored . Cuddyer flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 14 - Mets 8 .	Ruf has 6 RBIs , Phils win 14 - 8 to end 10 - game skid vs Mets