Phillies - Top 1st. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Rollins flied out to center. Victorino grounded out to second. Utley popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Kinsler singled to center. Young homered to right, Kinsler scored. Hamilton flied out to left. Bradley struck out swinging. Byrd flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Burrell popped out to second. Howard walked. Dobbs singled to right, Howard to second. Feliz singled to shallow right, Howard to third, Dobbs to second. Werth singled to left, Howard and Dobbs scored, Feliz to second, Feliz to third, Werth to second advancing on throw. Feliz scored, Werth to third on wild pitch by Padilla. Coste struck out swinging. Rollins flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Ramirez grounded out to third. Boggs popped out to shortstop. Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Victorino struck out looking. Utley homered to right center. Burrell walked. Howard homered to right, Burrell scored. Dobbs safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Young. Feliz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dobbs out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Duran fouled out to first. Kinsler grounded out to third. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Werth walked. Coste hit by pitch, Werth to second. Rollins flied out to right. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Coste out at second, Werth to third. Utley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Hamilton walked. Bradley grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hamilton out at second. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Burrell flied out to left. Howard struck out looking. Dobbs flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Ramirez walked. Boggs grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez out at second, Boggs to second on throwing error by second baseman Utley. Saltalamacchia doubled to deep left center, Boggs scored. Duran struck out looking. Kinsler singled to center, Saltalamacchia scored. Young singled to right, Kinsler to third. Hamilton struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 6th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Feliz fouled out to first. Werth flied out to right. Coste doubled to left. Rollins tripled to deep right center, Coste scored, Rollins out stretching at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Bradley singled to right. Byrd grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bradley out at second. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Victorino reached on bunt single to pitcher. Utley doubled to deep left, Victorino scored, Utley to third advancing on throw. Burrell struck out swinging. Howard grounded out to second. Dobbs flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Bruntlett in left field. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Boggs struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Duran popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Feliz grounded out to third. Werth grounded out to third. Coste flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Kinsler singled to right. Kinsler picked off first. Young grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton reached on infield single to first. Bradley reached first base on catcher's interference, Hamilton to second. Bradley batting. Byrd singled to center, Hamilton to third, Bradley to second. Ramirez singled to left, Hamilton scored, Bradley to third, Byrd to second. Romero pitching for Phillies. Boggs walked, Bradley scored, Byrd to third, Ramirez to second. Murphy ran for Ramirez. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 9th. Murphy in left field. Davis at first base. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Rollins grounded out to first. Victorino struck out swinging. Utley doubled to right. Bruntlett flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Lidge pitching for Phillies. Vazquez hit for Duran. Vazquez doubled to deep right. Kinsler grounded out to third. Young singled to left, Vazquez to third. Hamilton struck out swinging. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 8 - Rangers 6.	Utley, Howard long balls power Phillies