Phillies - Top 1st. Redding pitching for Nationals. Rollins grounded out to shortstop. Victorino singled to center. Utley singled to center, Victorino to second. Howard singled to right, Victorino to third, Utley to second. Burrell singled to left, Victorino and Utley scored, Howard to second. Jenkins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Burrell out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Harris homered to right center. Milledge flied out to center. Zimmerman flied out to right. Kearns doubled to deep left. Flores homered to left, Kearns scored. Belliard doubled to deep right. Lo Duca flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Bruntlett grounded out to second. Ruiz singled to center. Moyer sacrificed to first, Ruiz to second. Rollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Lopez flied out to center. Redding grounded out to pitcher. Harris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Victorino grounded out to shortstop. Utley flied out to left. Howard flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Milledge flied out to left. Zimmerman walked. Kearns struck out swinging. Flores flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Burrell struck out swinging. Jenkins singled to right. Bruntlett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jenkins out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Belliard walked. Lo Duca flied out to center. Lopez struck out swinging. Belliard caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Ruiz singled to center. Moyer walked, Ruiz to second. Rollins doubled to deep right center, Ruiz scored, Moyer to third. Victorino singled to center, Moyer and Rollins scored, Victorino to second on error by first baseman Lo Duca. Utley homered to center, Victorino scored. Shell pitching for Nationals. Orr at shortstop. Shell pitching for Nationals. Orr at shortstop. Howard grounded out to pitcher. Shell pitching for Nationals. Orr at shortstop. Shell pitching for Nationals. Orr at shortstop. Howard grounded out to pitcher. Burrell grounded out to third. Jenkins walked. Bruntlett struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Orr struck out swinging. Harris doubled to right. Harris advanced to third on error by Jenkins. Milledge grounded out to pitcher. Zimmerman walked. Kearns grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zimmerman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Shell pitching for Nationals. Ruiz grounded out to third. Moyer grounded out to pitcher. Rollins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Flores singled to deep left, Flores out stretching at second. Belliard struck out looking. Lo Duca flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Shell pitching for Nationals. Victorino homered to right. Utley grounded out to pitcher. Howard struck out swinging. Burrell struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Werth in left field. Casto hit for Shell. Casto singled to left. Orr grounded into fielder's choice to first, Casto out at second. Harris doubled to left, Orr to third. Milledge grounded out to shortstop, Orr scored. Zimmerman hit ground rule double to deep left, Harris scored. Kearns grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Jenkins singled to right. Bruntlett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jenkins out at second. Ruiz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Flores grounded out to third. Belliard walked. Lo Duca grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Belliard out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Colome pitching for Nationals. Werth walked. Rollins grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Werth out at second. Victorino lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Lidge pitching for Phillies. Langerhans hit for Colome. Langerhans doubled to deep right. Orr flied out to center. Harris struck out swinging. Milledge grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 8 - Nationals 5.	Utley homers again as Phils beat Nats, take first