Nationals - Top 1st. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Hernandez flied out to right. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman singled to center. Milledge lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Redding pitching for Nationals. Rollins grounded out to second. Werth struck out swinging. Utley walked. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Belliard grounded out to second. Flores popped out to second. Kearns lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Burrell singled to right. Victorino flied out to left. Feliz flied out to center. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Burrell out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Harris struck out looking. Redding struck out swinging. Hernandez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Moyer flied out to left. Rollins grounded out to first. Werth grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Guzman struck out looking. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Milledge walked. Belliard lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Utley grounded out to second. Howard struck out swinging. Burrell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Flores popped out to third. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. Harris walked. Redding grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Victorino flied out to center. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Hernandez singled to right center. Guzman singled to left center, Hernandez to second. Zimmerman struck out looking. Milledge grounded into fielder's choice to third, Guzman out at second, Hernandez to third, Hernandez scored, Milledge to second on throwing error by second baseman Utley. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Moyer struck out looking. Rollins flied out to center. Werth doubled to deep right center. Utley singled to center, Werth scored. Howard grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Flores popped out to third. Kearns walked. Harris singled to right, Kearns to third, Harris to second advancing on throw. Boone hit for Redding. Boone popped out to first. Hernandez reached on infield single to shortstop, Kearns scored, Harris to third. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Guzman grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Burrell flied out to left. Victorino reached on infield single to third, Victorino to third on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman. Dobbs hit for Feliz. Dobbs grounded out to second, Victorino scored. Ruiz homered to left center. Jenkins hit for Durbin. Jenkins doubled to deep left. Rollins grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 8th. Bruntlett at third base. Madson pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman reached on infield single to third. Milledge singled to right, Zimmerman to second. Belliard sacrificed to pitcher, Zimmerman to third, Milledge to second. Flores reached on infield single to second, Zimmerman scored, Milledge to third. Kearns singled to center, Milledge scored, Flores to second. Romero pitching for Phillies. Orr ran for Flores. Harris struck out swinging. Nieves hit for Rivera. Nieves struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Nieves catching. Werth walked. Utley singled to left center, Werth to second. Howard struck out swinging. Burrell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Utley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Condrey pitching for Phillies. Hernandez grounded out to second. Guzman reached on infield single to second. Zimmerman safe at first on error by third baseman Bruntlett, Guzman to second. Milledge grounded out to pitcher, Guzman to third, Zimmerman to second. Belliard intentionally walked. Hanrahan grounded into fielder's choice to second, Belliard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Victorino singled to center. Victorino stole second. Bruntlett struck out looking. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop, Victorino to third. Coste hit for Condrey. Coste grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 4 - Phillies 3.	Nats surprise Phillies, stop 12-game skid