Athletics - Top 1st . Gibson pitching for Rangers . Semien doubled to deep right . Grossman grounded out to second , Semien to third . Chapman struck out swinging . Canha flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Taveras popped out to shortstop . Solak reached on infield single to shortstop . Frazier lined out to center . Gallo grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Gibson pitching for Rangers . Piscotty struck out swinging . Olson singled to center . Laureano grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Olson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Santana struck out looking . Trevino doubled to deep left center . Chirinos grounded out to second , Trevino to third . Kiner - Falefa singled to center , Trevino scored . Kiner - Falefa picked off and caught stealing second . Sean Manaea pitches to Yadiel Rivera . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Gibson pitching for Rangers . Kemp walked . Heim walked , Kemp to second . Semien grounded into double play , third to second to first , Heim out at second , Kemp to third . Kemp scored on Gibson wild pitch . Grossman grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Rivera lined out to left . Taveras singled to left . Solak grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Taveras out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Gibson pitching for Rangers . Chapman hit by pitch . Canha grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Chapman out at second . Piscotty struck out swinging . Olson homered to right center ( 453 feet ) , Canha scored . Laureano grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Frazier struck out swinging . Gallo grounded out to shortstop . Santana popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Gibson pitching for Rangers . Kemp hit by pitch . Heim grounded out to pitcher , Kemp to second . Semien homered to left ( 404 feet ) , Kemp scored . Grossman flied out to left . Chapman struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Trevino lined out to center . Chirinos hit by pitch . Kiner - Falefa singled to center , Chirinos to second . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kiner - Falefa safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Semien , Chirinos to third . Taveras struck out swinging . Solak singled to right , Chirinos scored and Kiner - Falefa scored , Rivera to third . Frazier flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . Gibson pitching for Rangers . Canha struck out swinging . Piscotty grounded out to pitcher . Olson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . McFarland pitching for Athletics . Gallo struck out swinging . Santana grounded out to third . Trevino doubled to deep center . Chirinos grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Gibson pitching for Rangers . Laureano struck out swinging . Kemp singled to right . Heim singled to left center , Kemp to third . Gibaut pitching for Rangers . Semien grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Heim to second . Grossman walked , Kemp scored , Semien to second , Heim to third . Chapman struck out swinging . Canha hit by pitch , Heim scored , Grossman to second , Semien to third . Herget pitching for Rangers . Piscotty doubled to deep left , Canha scored , Semien scored and Grossman scored . Olson walked . Laureano struck out looking . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Kiner - Falefa fouled out to first . Dietrich hit for Rivera . Dietrich singled to center . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Dietrich out at second . Solak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Dietrich at second base . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Kemp flied out to center . Heim fouled out to catcher . Semien singled to left . Grossman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Frazier struck out looking . Gallo fouled out to catcher . Santana struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Chapman walked . Canha struck out swinging . Piscotty lined out to left . Olson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Weems pitching for Athletics . Trevino lined out to shortstop . Chirinos struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 10 - Rangers 3 .	Olson , Semien homer as A 's cruise to 10 - 3 win over Rangers