Marlins - Top 1st. Trachsel pitching for Mets. Pierre flied out to center. Castillo walked. Rodriguez flied out to shallow right. Castillo caught stealing second, catcher to second. Encarnacion batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Alomar lined out to right. Cedeno safe at first on throwing error by catcher Rodriguez. Cedeno stole second. Floyd singled to left, Cedeno scored, Floyd out at second. Piazza lined out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Trachsel pitching for Mets. Encarnacion flied out to left center. Lowell grounded out to shortstop. Lee singled to left center. Lee stole second. Gonzalez fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Vaughn lined out to first. Wigginton grounded out to second. Burnitz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Trachsel pitching for Mets. Hollandsworth grounded out to pitcher. Burnett flied out to right center. Pierre doubled to left. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Bell walked. Trachsel sacrificed to catcher, Bell to second. Alomar grounded out to second, Bell to third. Cedeno singled to center, Bell scored. Cedeno to second on wild pitch by Burnett. Floyd struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Trachsel pitching for Mets. Rodriguez singled to left. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second. Lowell singled to left, Encarnacion to second. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lowell out at second, Encarnacion to third. Lee stole second. Gonzalez walked. Hollandsworth safe at first on error by shortstop Bell, Encarnacion scored, Lee to third, Gonzalez to second. Burnett struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Piazza popped out to first. Vaughn walked. Wigginton walked, Vaughn to second. Burnitz grounded out to second, Vaughn to third, Wigginton to second. Bell intentionally walked. Trachsel flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Trachsel pitching for Mets. Pierre flied out to right. Castillo bunt grounded out to third. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Alomar singled to center. Cedeno struck out swinging. Floyd struck out swinging. Piazza grounded into fielder's choice to third, Alomar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Trachsel pitching for Mets. Encarnacion singled to right. Encarnacion stole second. Lowell walked. Lee doubled to deep center, Encarnacion scored, Lowell to third. Gonzalez doubled to left, Lowell and Lee scored. Cerda pitching for Mets. Hollandsworth grounded out to second, Gonzalez to third. Gonzalez caught stealing home, to catcher. Burnett grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Vaughn singled to right. Wigginton struck out swinging. Burnitz walked, Vaughn to second. Bell singled to left, Vaughn scored, Burnitz to second, Burnitz to third advancing on throw. Clark hit for Cerda. Almanza pitching for Marlins. Clark struck out swinging. Alomar walked, Bell to second. Strickland pitching for Mets. Cedeno struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Strickland pitching for Mets. Pierre flied out to center. Castillo singled to left center, Castillo out stretching at second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Almanza pitching for Marlins. Floyd popped out to third. Piazza doubled to right. Vaughn struck out looking. Spooneybarger pitching for Marlins. Wigginton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Strickland pitching for Mets. Encarnacion flied out to left. Lowell flied out to deep left. Lee struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Spooneybarger pitching for Marlins. Burnitz fouled out to third. Bell walked. Perez ran for Bell. Phillips hit for Strickland. Fox at third base. Looper pitching for Marlins. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to third, Perez to third. Sanchez ran for Phillips. Alomar doubled to right center, Perez and Sanchez scored. Cedeno grounded out to pitcher. Perez in left field. Sanchez at shortstop. Benitez pitching for Mets. Floyd grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Benitez pitching for Mets. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Hollandsworth walked. Fox reached on infield single to third, Hollandsworth to second. Pierre walked, Hollandsworth to third, Fox to second. Castillo singled to left, Hollandsworth scored, Fox to third, Pierre to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fox scored, Castillo out at second, Pierre to third. Rodriguez stole second. Encarnacion fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Looper pitching for Marlins. Piazza grounded out to shortstop. Vaughn flied out to center. Wigginton walked. Burnitz walked, Wigginton to second. Shinjo hit for Perez. Shinjo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 6 - Mets 5.	Benitez's act getting old with Mets' fans