Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Glavine pitching for Mets. Counsell walked. Counsell stole second, Counsell safe at third on throwing error by catcher Piazza. Spivey reached on infield single to third, Counsell scored. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Spivey out at second. Bautista struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Alomar struck out looking. Wigginton struck out swinging. Floyd grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Glavine pitching for Mets. Overbay grounded out to shortstop. Williams struck out swinging. Finley walked. Hammock grounded into fielder's choice to third, Finley out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Piazza grounded out to second. Vaughn struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Glavine pitching for Mets. Webb grounded out to third. Counsell struck out looking. Spivey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez struck out looking. McEwing struck out swinging. Glavine grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Bautista grounded out to second. Overbay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Alomar grounded out to shortstop. Wigginton singled to left. Floyd singled to center, Wigginton to second. Piazza grounded into double play, third to second to first, Floyd out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Williams reached on infield single to pitcher, Williams to second on throwing error by pitcher Glavine. Finley safe at first on error by first baseman Vaughn. Hammock lined out to shortstop. Webb sacrificed to pitcher, Williams to third, Finley to second. Counsell doubled to right, Williams and Finley scored. Spivey flied out to center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Vaughn grounded out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Perez flied out to right center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Gonzalez flied out to center. Bautista lined out to center. Overbay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. McEwing walked. Glavine struck out bunting foul. Alomar grounded into fielder's choice to first, McEwing out at second. Wigginton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Williams homered to left. Finley doubled to right. Hammock reached on infield single to shortstop, Finley to third. Webb sacrificed to pitcher, Hammock to second. Counsell singled to left, Finley and Hammock scored. Weathers pitching for Mets. Spivey struck out swinging. Counsell caught stealing second, catcher to second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Floyd grounded out to first. Piazza singled to left. Vaughn struck out looking. Lloyd pitching for Mets. Clark at first base. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Lloyd pitching for Mets. Gonzalez flied out to deep right. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Overbay flied out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Cedeno hit for McEwing. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez grounded out to second. Cedeno flied out to right. Clark homered to left. Bell at shortstop. Alomar flied out to shallow left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Lloyd pitching for Mets. Williams grounded out to shortstop. Finley struck out swinging. Myers pitching for Diamondbacks. Hammock grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Wigginton struck out looking. Floyd struck out swinging. Piazza grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Mets 1.	Twinbill blues: Mets whiff 27 times, make 8 errors