Dodgers - Top 1st. Roberts grounded out to first. Lo Duca singled to shallow left. Green singled to right, Lo Duca to third. McGriff singled to center, Lo Duca scored, Green to third, McGriff out at first trying to return to base. Jordan walked. Coomer grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Alomar flied out to deep left center. Gonzalez struck out looking. Floyd flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Cabrera lined out to third. Izturis grounded out to pitcher. Ishii struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Wigginton singled to center. Wigginton to second on wild pitch by Ishii. Phillips walked. Shinjo popped out to shallow right. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phillips out at second, Wigginton to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Roberts grounded out to second. Lo Duca singled to left. Green grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lo Duca out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Glavine singled to right. Alomar grounded into double play, third to second to first, Glavine out at second. Gonzalez doubled to left center. Floyd struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. McGriff grounded out to second. Jordan grounded out to pitcher. Coomer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Clark struck out swinging. Wigginton grounded out to pitcher. Phillips grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Cabrera singled to shallow center. Izturis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. Ishii struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Shinjo walked. Sanchez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Shinjo out at second. Glavine grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop. Green flied out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Alomar flied out to deep right center. Gonzalez walked. Floyd singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Clark singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Floyd to second, Floyd to third advancing on throw. Wigginton popped out to second. Phillips flied out to deep left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. McGriff grounded out to first. Jordan walked. Coomer doubled to left center, Jordan to third. Cabrera intentionally walked. Kinkade hit for Ishii. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jordan scored, Cabrera out at second, Coomer to third. Kinkade singled to shallow center, Coomer scored, Izturis to third. Beltre at third base. Quantrill pitching for Dodgers. Perez hit for Shinjo. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kinkade out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Perez grounded out to second. Cedeno hit for Glavine. Sanchez lined out to shortstop. Perez in center field. Stanton pitching for Mets. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Lo Duca grounded out to third. Green doubled to left. McGriff doubled to right, Green scored. Strickland pitching for Mets. Jordan singled to right, McGriff to third. Beltre struck out swinging. Cabrera walked, Jordan to second. Izturis singled to center, McGriff and Jordan scored, Cabrera to third, Izturis to second advancing on throw. Quantrill struck out looking. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Alomar lined out to second. Gonzalez lined out to center. Floyd doubled to deep left center. Lloyd pitching for Mets. Clark grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Roberts singled to left. Lo Duca struck out swinging. Mota pitching for Dodgers. Barnes in left field. Green grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Roberts out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Wigginton grounded out to third. Phillips flied out to center. Perez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Mets 1.	Balance of power: Ishii in control in win over Mets