Expos - Top 1st. Seo pitching for Mets. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Wilkerson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Bell struck out swinging. Burnitz homered to right. Floyd walked. Floyd stole second, Floyd safe at third on throwing error by catcher Schneider. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Expos - Top 2nd. Seo pitching for Mets. Vidro grounded out to second. Calloway flied out to left. Cordero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Phillips homered to left. Clark struck out looking. Sanchez grounded out to second. Seo grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 3rd. Seo pitching for Mets. Guzman doubled to right. Schneider lined out to third. Hernandez lined into double play, second to shortstop, Guzman doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Perez singled to center. Bell grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Perez safe at second on error by shortstop Cabrera. Burnitz flied out to right. Floyd flied out to right, Perez to third. Wigginton walked, Bell to second. Phillips singled to left, Perez and Bell scored, Wigginton to second. Clark struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Expos - Top 4th. Seo pitching for Mets. Chavez hit ground rule double to deep right center. Cabrera singled to right, Chavez to third. Wilkerson walked, Cabrera to second. Vidro walked, Chavez scored, Cabrera to third, Wilkerson to second. Calloway grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera scored on throwing error by first baseman Clark, Wilkerson to third, Vidro to second. Cordero singled to left, Wilkerson scored, Vidro to third, Calloway to second. Guzman hit sacrifice fly to left, Vidro scored. Schneider singled to right, Calloway scored, Cordero to third. Hernandez sacrificed to first, Schneider to second, Hernandez safe at first on error by second baseman Bell. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Chavez struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Sanchez singled to right. Feliciano sacrificed to third, Sanchez to second. Perez grounded out to third. Bell walked. Burnitz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 5th. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Wilkerson singled to left. Vidro fouled out to first. Wilkerson to second on balk by Feliciano. Calloway struck out swinging. Cordero intentionally walked. Guzman singled to right center, Wilkerson scored, Cordero to third. Schneider singled to right, Cordero scored, Guzman to second. Hernandez singled to right, Guzman scored, Schneider to third. Chavez walked, Hernandez to second. Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton, Schneider scored, Hernandez to third, Chavez to second. Cerda pitching for Mets. Wilkerson walked, Hernandez scored, Chavez to third, Cabrera to second. Mateo ran for Chavez. Mateo in center field. Vidro grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Floyd flied out to deep left. Wigginton flied out to center. Phillips flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 6th. Cerda pitching for Mets. Calloway struck out looking. Cordero flied out to left. Guzman struck out looking. Schneider flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Clark struck out swinging. Gonzalez hit for Cerda. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez walked. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Perez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 7th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Hernandez singled to left. Macias flied out to deep left center. Cabrera singled to center, Hernandez to second. Wilkerson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera out at second, Hernandez to third. Vidro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wilkerson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Bell singled to right. Burnitz lined into double play, shortstop to first, Bell doubled off first. McEwing in left field. Floyd flied out to deep right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 8th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Calloway flied out to third. Cordero safe at first on error by first baseman Clark. Guzman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cordero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Wigginton struck out swinging. Phillips struck out swinging. Clark struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 9th. Franco pitching for Mets. Vitiello hit for Hernandez. Schneider grounded out to first. Vitiello homered to left. Macias doubled to left. Cabrera grounded out to third. Drew pitching for Expos. Mateo at second base. Carroll at shortstop. Wilkerson fouled out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Wilson hit for Franco. Drew pitching for Expos. Sanchez grounded out to pitcher. Wilson flied out to center. Perez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Expos 11 - Mets 4.	Expos bounce back from tough start to rout Mets