Mets - Top 1st. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Reyes safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Furcal. Duncan walked, Reyes to second. Cedeno flied out to center, Reyes to third. Duncan caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second to pitcher, Reyes out at third advancing on play. Wigginton batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 1st. Leiter pitching for Mets. Furcal flied out to shallow left. Derosa lined out to third. Sheffield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Wigginton flied out to right. Phillips flied out to center. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Leiter pitching for Mets. Jones flied out to center. Franco struck out swinging. Castilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Clark singled to left. McEwing singled to left center, Clark to second. Leiter sacrificed to third, Clark to third, McEwing to second. Reyes doubled to left, Clark and McEwing scored. Reyes stole third. Duncan struck out looking. Cedeno grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Leiter pitching for Mets. Blanco flied out to shallow left center. Bragg singled to left. Ramirez bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bragg out at second. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Wigginton flied out to right. Phillips lined out to right. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Leiter pitching for Mets. Derosa grounded out to shortstop. Sheffield walked. Jones doubled to left, Sheffield to third. Franco intentionally walked. Castilla hit sacrifice fly to deep center, Sheffield scored, Jones to third. Blanco doubled to left, Jones scored, Franco to third. Bragg intentionally walked. Ramirez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Clark singled to center. McEwing walked, Clark to second. Leiter sacrificed to pitcher, Clark to third, McEwing to second, Leiter safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Ramirez. Reyes popped out to first. Duncan singled to left, Clark and McEwing scored, Leiter to second. Cedeno flied out to deep right. Wigginton singled to center, Leiter scored, Duncan to second, Duncan to third on error by center fielder Jones. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Phillips flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Leiter pitching for Mets. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. Derosa flied out to right. Sheffield walked. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Clark walked. Sanchez at second base. Weathers pitching for Mets. McEwing grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Clark out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Weathers pitching for Mets. Franco singled to center. Castilla singled to left, Franco to second. Blanco flied out to shallow right. Fick hit for Gryboski. Bragg singled to left, Franco to third, Castilla to second. Fick hit by pitch, Franco scored, Castilla to third, Bragg to second. Lloyd pitching for Mets. Furcal struck out swinging. Bong pitching for Braves. Derosa struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Keun Bong pitching for Braves. Sanchez singled to center. Reyes sacrificed to third, Sanchez to second. Duncan walked. Cedeno flied out to right. Almonte pitching for Mets. Perez in left field. Gonzalez in right field. Wigginton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Almonte pitching for Mets. Sheffield reached on infield single to third. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sheffield out at second. Franco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Keun Bong pitching for Braves. Phillips homered to center. Gonzalez singled to left. Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Bong. Clark walked. Perez sacrificed to third, Gonzalez to third, Clark to second. Sanchez intentionally walked. Reyes singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Clark to third, Sanchez to second. Duncan walked, Clark scored, Sanchez to third, Reyes to second. King pitching for Braves. Franco at first base. Almonte grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Duncan out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Almonte pitching for Mets. Castilla reached on infield single to third. Blanco singled to right, Castilla to second. Bragg singled to right, Castilla scored, Blanco to second. Stanton pitching for Mets. Lopez hit for Franco. Lopez homered to left, Blanco and Bragg scored. Furcal reached on bunt single to pitcher, Furcal to third on throwing error by pitcher Stanton. Derosa singled to left, Furcal scored. Sheffield flied out to right. Giles hit for King. Jones singled to left, Derosa to second. Giles singled to center, Derosa scored, Jones to second. Castilla grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jones scored on error by second baseman Sanchez, Giles safe at third on error by second baseman Sanchez. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Blanco singled to left, Giles scored, Castilla to second. Bragg walked, Castilla to third, Blanco to second. Lopez struck out swinging. Giles at second base. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Derosa at first base. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bragg out at second, Blanco to third. 8 Runs, 9 Hits, 2 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Wigginton reached on infield single to third. Phillips grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Wigginton out at second. Gonzalez singled to center. Clark flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 8 - Braves 11.	Braves score eight in 8th to sweep Mets