Rockies - Top 1st. Seo pitching for Mets. Womack popped out to shortstop. Belliard reached on infield single to shortstop. Helton singled to left, Belliard to third, Helton to second advancing on throw. Wilson grounded out to second, Belliard scored, Helton to third. Walker struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Cedeno doubled to right center. Reyes grounded out to second, Cedeno to third. Piazza reached on infield single to shortstop, Cedeno scored. Floyd walked, Piazza to second. Phillips walked, Piazza to third, Floyd to second. Perez hit sacrifice fly to center, Piazza scored, Floyd to third. Wigginton flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Seo pitching for Mets. Payton doubled to left center. Atkins grounded out to first, Payton to third. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Payton out at home. Chacon grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Chacon pitching for Rockies. McEwing walked. Seo sacrificed to first, McEwing to second. Cedeno walked. Reyes doubled to left, McEwing scored, Cedeno to third. Piazza intentionally walked. Floyd singled to left center, Cedeno and Reyes scored, Piazza to third. Phillips singled to center, Piazza scored, Floyd to second. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Perez doubled to right center, Floyd and Phillips scored. Wigginton grounded out to second, Perez to third. McEwing grounded out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Seo pitching for Mets. Womack grounded out to first. Belliard grounded out to pitcher. Helton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Seo grounded out to second. Cedeno grounded out to second. Reyes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Seo pitching for Mets. Wilson grounded out to third. Walker homered to right. Payton flied out to center. Atkins grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Piazza popped out to second. Floyd singled to left. Phillips doubled to right, Floyd scored. Perez grounded out to second, Phillips to third. Wigginton grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Seo pitching for Mets. Johnson flied out to right. Jimenez singled to left. Womack fouled out to first. Belliard tripled to deep right center, Jimenez scored. Helton doubled to deep right center. Wilson flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Bell hit for Seo. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. McEwing lined out to first. Bell flied out to deep center. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Cedeno struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Walker walked. Payton grounded out to shortstop, Walker to second. Atkins grounded out to pitcher, Walker to third. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Reyes reached on infield single to third. Piazza grounded out to shortstop, Reyes to second. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Floyd grounded out to first, Reyes to third. Phillips intentionally walked. Perez singled to left, Reyes scored, Phillips to second. Phillips to third, Perez to second on wild pitch by Lopez. Wigginton intentionally walked. Uribe hit for Lopez. McEwing grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wigginton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Uribe flied out to center. Womack struck out swinging. Uribe at shortstop. Bernero pitching for Rockies. Womack at second base. Gonzalez hit for Wheeler. Belliard flied out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Bernero pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Cedeno reached on infield single to pitcher. Reyes doubled to right, Cedeno to third. Piazza walked. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Floyd singled to right, Cedeno and Reyes scored, Piazza to second, Piazza to third, Floyd to second on throwing error by right fielder Walker. Phillips grounded out to second, Piazza scored, Scutaro to third. Gonzalez in right field. Scutaro at second base. McEwing in left field. Franco pitching for Mets. Perez popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 8th. Franco pitching for Mets. Norton grounded out to second. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Speier pitching for Rockies. Reyes in center field. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Wigginton struck out looking. McEwing grounded out to third. Clark hit for Franco. Gonzalez reached on infield single to third. Wilson catching. Weathers pitching for Mets. Clark flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Weathers pitching for Mets. Payton singled to center. Atkins lined out to left. Johnson flied out to left. Uribe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Mets 13.	NY METS 13, COLORADO 4