Dodgers - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Hernández popped out to second. Seager walked. Turner grounded into double play, third to second to first, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon reached on infield single to pitcher. Dahl grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blackmon out at second. Arenado grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Dahl out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Bellinger grounded out to shortstop. Pollock flied out to center. Muncy singled to right center. Taylor lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. Story struck out swinging. McMahon walked. Desmond walked, McMahon to second. Hampson lined out to left. Wolters lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Martin singled to left. Maeda sacrificed to pitcher, Martin to second. Hernández struck out swinging. Seager singled to center, Martin scored. Turner singled to right, Seager to second. Bellinger lined out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. Anderson singled to left center. Blackmon singled to right, Anderson to second. Dahl walked, Blackmon to second, Anderson to third. Arenado hit sacrifice fly to left, Anderson scored. Story lined into double play, to first, Dahl out at first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Pollock flied out to center. Muncy homered to center (417 feet). Taylor struck out swinging. Martin walked. Maeda lined out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. McMahon grounded out to third. Desmond struck out swinging. Hampson popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Hernández walked. Seager singled to center, Hernández to second. Turner doubled to deep center, Hernández scored, Seager to third. Bellinger homered to right (413 feet), Seager scored and Turner scored. Pollock reached on infield single to third. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Valaika at second base. Muncy lined into double play, second to first, Pollock out at first. Pederson hit for Taylor. Pederson struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Pederson in left field. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. Wolters singled to left center. Valaika grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wolters safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Maeda. Blackmon flied out to right. Dahl struck out swinging. Arenado walked, Valaika to second. Story struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 6th. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Martin homered to left (445 feet). Maeda doubled to right. Hernández flied out to left. Seager lined out to left. Turner struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Floro pitching for Dodgers. McMahon grounded out to first. Desmond bunt grounded out to catcher. Tapia hit for Estévez. Tapia singled to left. Wolters grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Dunn pitching for Rockies. Bellinger walked. Pollock singled to left, Bellinger to second. Muncy tripled to deep left center, Bellinger scored and Pollock scored. Pederson struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to third. Freese hit for Floro. Freese walked. Johnson pitching for Rockies. Hernández flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Stewart pitching for Dodgers. Valaika walked. Blackmon singled to shallow left, Valaika to second. Dahl struck out swinging. Blackmon to second on wild pitch by Stewart, Valaika to third on wild pitch by Stewart. Arenado singled to left, Valaika scored, Blackmon thrown out at home. Story homered to center (430 feet), Arenado scored. Alexander pitching for Dodgers. McMahon walked. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Desmond struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Rockies. Seager grounded out to third. Turner flied out to right. Bellinger lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Reynolds hit for Johnson. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Reynolds popped out to first. Wolters lined out to center. Valaika grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Pollock safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Arenado. Muncy walked, Pollock to second. Pederson flied out to center, Pollock to third. Martin hit sacrifice fly to right, Pollock scored. Verdugo hit for Báez. Verdugo grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Kelly pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon grounded out to pitcher. García pitching for Dodgers. Dahl homered to right center (447 feet). Arenado popped out to second. Story homered to right center (410 feet). McMahon struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 10 - Rockies 6.	LA Longballs: Muncy, Bellinger, Russell HR, Dodgers beat Rox