Dodgers - Top 1st. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Pederson grounded out to shortstop. Turner singled to left. Seager walked, Turner to second. Pollock grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon walked. Story popped out to shortstop. Arenado walked, Blackmon to second. Dahl struck out swinging. Reynolds walked, Arenado to second, Blackmon to third. Desmond fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Bellinger doubled to left. Freese grounded out to shortstop. Hernández flied out to right, Bellinger to third. Barnes walked. Urías singled to right, Bellinger scored on error by right fielder Blackmon and Barnes scored on error by right fielder Blackmon, Urías safe at second on error by right fielder Blackmon. Pederson walked. Turner flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Iannetta flied out to center. Hampson lined out to right. Bettis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Tapia in left field. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Seager doubled to deep right. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Bellinger intentionally walked. Freese doubled to deep right, Seager scored, Bellinger to third. Hernández doubled to left, Bellinger scored and Freese scored. Barnes singled to center, Hernández scored. Urías sacrificed to catcher, Barnes to second. Almonte pitching for Rockies. Pederson lined out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon tripled to deep left center. Story singled to left, Blackmon scored. Arenado tripled to deep right, Story scored. Tapia walked. Reynolds struck out swinging. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arenado scored, Tapia out at second. Iannetta lined out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Almonte pitching for Rockies. Turner struck out swinging. Seager doubled to deep center. Pollock fouled out to first. Seager scored on error by right fielder Blackmon, Bellinger safe at third on error by right fielder Blackmon. Muncy hit for Freese. Muncy flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Muncy at first base. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Hampson grounded out to shortstop. Almonte lined out to right. Blackmon doubled to deep right center. Kelly pitching for Dodgers. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Almonte pitching for Rockies. Hernández walked. Barnes walked, Hernández to second. Kelly sacrificed to catcher, Barnes to second, Hernández to third. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Pederson hit sacrifice fly to center, Hernández scored, Barnes to third. Barnes scored on Estévez wild pitch. Turner reached on infield single to second. Seager struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Kelly pitching for Dodgers. Arenado singled to left center. Tapia grounded out to pitcher, Arenado to second. Reynolds struck out looking. Desmond grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Bellinger reached on infield single to first. Muncy homered to right (417 feet), Bellinger scored. Hernández struck out looking. Barnes struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Kelly pitching for Dodgers. Iannetta struck out looking. Hampson singled to right. Valaika hit for Estévez. Hampson to second on wild pitch by Kelly. Valaika singled to left, Hampson to third. Ferguson pitching for Dodgers. Taylor at second base. Blackmon hit sacrifice fly to right, Hampson scored. Story hit by pitch, Valaika to second. Arenado singled to right, Valaika scored, Story thrown out at third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. Pederson flied out to right. Turner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Ferguson pitching for Dodgers. Tapia struck out swinging. Santana pitching for Dodgers. Reynolds hit by pitch. Desmond struck out looking. Iannetta reached on infield single, Reynolds to second. Hampson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Wolters at second base. Hampson at shortstop. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Seager walked. Pollock grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Seager out at second. Bellinger homered to right (428 feet). Muncy walked. Santana grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Fuentes hit for Shaw. Santana pitching for Dodgers. Fuentes flied out to right. Blackmon walked. Wolters flied out to center. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Musgrave pitching for Rockies. Fuentes at third base. Barnes walked. Taylor walked, Barnes to second. Pederson lined out to left. Turner lined out to left. Seager lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Santana pitching for Dodgers. Tapia tripled to deep left center. Reynolds hit sacrifice fly to right, Tapia scored. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Iannetta grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 12 - Rockies 6.	Bellinger hits 7th HR, Dodgers beat Rockies 12-6 for sweep