Giants - Top 1st. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Duggar flied out to left. Austin struck out swinging. Longoria singled to right center. Williamson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Longoria out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Holland pitching for Giants. Blackmon struck out swinging. Story doubled to right. Arenado homered to left (402 feet), Story scored. Reynolds homered to center (425 feet). Tapia singled to center. Desmond walked, Tapia to second. McMahon grounded out to first, Desmond to second, Tapia to third. Iannetta intentionally walked. Freeland grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Pillar lined out to right. Crawford walked. Garcia flied out to right. Solano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Holland pitching for Giants. Blackmon singled to right. Story grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blackmon out at second. Story stole second. Arenado walked. Reynolds doubled to deep center, Arenado scored and Story scored. Tapia struck out swinging. Desmond homered to center (419 feet), Reynolds scored. McMahon grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Holland struck out looking. Duggar walked. Austin homered to left center (417 feet), Duggar scored. Longoria walked. Williamson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Longoria out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Holland pitching for Giants. Iannetta walked. Freeland sacrificed to pitcher, Iannetta to second. Blackmon grounded out to first, Iannetta to third. Gott pitching for Giants. Story flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Pillar doubled to center. Pillar scored on error by center fielder Desmond, Crawford safe at third on error by center fielder Desmond. Garcia walked. Solano singled to center, Crawford scored, Garcia to second. Sandoval hit for Gott. Sandoval popped out to shortstop. Duggar safe at first on error by left fielder Tapia, Solano safe at second on error by left fielder Tapia, Garcia safe at third on error by left fielder Tapia. Austin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Garcia scored, Duggar to second, Solano out at third in rundown. Longoria grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Beede pitching for Giants. Arenado singled to center. Reynolds flied out to center. Tapia struck out swinging. Arenado to second on wild pitch by Beede. Desmond walked. McMahon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Williamson grounded out to third. Pillar lined out to left. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Beede pitching for Giants. Iannetta flied out to center. Dahl hit for Freeland. Dahl grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon walked. Story walked, Blackmon to second. Arenado singled to deep center, Blackmon scored, Story to second. Reynolds flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Garcia struck out swinging. Solano grounded out to second. Beede walked. Duggar walked, Beede to second. Austin homered to left center (441 feet), Beede scored and Duggar scored. Longoria struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Beede pitching for Giants. Tapia doubled to left. Melancon pitching for Giants. Desmond walked. McMahon struck out looking. Iannetta doubled to right center, Desmond scored and Tapia scored. Murphy hit for Shaw. Murphy singled to right, Iannetta scored. Blackmon struck out looking. Story hit by pitch, Murphy to second. Arenado walked, Story to second, Murphy to third. Reynolds struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Murphy at first base. Williamson grounded out to third. Pillar struck out swinging. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Bergen pitching for Giants. Tapia struck out swinging. Desmond struck out swinging. McMahon popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Panik hit for Ar. Garcia. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Panik walked. Vogt hit for Solano. Vogt doubled to deep left center, Panik scored. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Belt hit for Bergen. Belt lined out to third. Duggar grounded out to second, Vogt to third. Austin lined out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Dyson pitching for Giants. Panik at second base. Vogt catching. Belt at first base. Iannetta struck out swinging. Murphy grounded out to second. Blackmon doubled to deep left center. Story singled to center, Blackmon scored. Arenado struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Davis pitching for Rockies. Longoria struck out swinging. Williamson struck out swinging. Pillar singled to left. Pillar to second on fielder's indifference. Crawford doubled to deep center, Pillar scored. Panik singled to right, Crawford scored. Panik stole second. Vogt struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 11 - Rockies 12.	Arenado homers as Rockies outlast Giants, 12-11