Reds - Top 1st. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Senzel reached on infield single to third. Votto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Senzel out at second. Suárez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Roark pitching for Reds. Blackmon singled to left. Story flied out to left, Blackmon to second. Dahl singled to right, Blackmon scored, Dahl safe at second on throwing error by right fielder Puig. Arenado homered to left (400 feet), Dahl scored. Murphy doubled to deep right. Tapia singled to left, Murphy scored, Tapia thrown out at second. McMahon singled to left. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McMahon out at second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 2nd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Puig reached on infield single to third. Ervin reached on infield single to first, Puig to second. Iglesias grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Ervin to second, Puig out at third. Peraza singled to right, Ervin scored, Iglesias to third. Casali hit sacrifice fly to right, Iglesias scored. Roark struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Roark pitching for Reds. Freeland singled to left center. Blackmon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Freeland out at second. Story struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Senzel tripled to deep left. Votto singled to center, Senzel scored. Suárez struck out swinging. Puig flied out to right. Ervin tripled to deep center, Votto scored. Iglesias flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Roark pitching for Reds. Dahl doubled to deep left. Arenado singled to right, Dahl scored. Murphy singled to center, Arenado to second. Tapia flied out to center. McMahon grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Murphy out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Peraza tripled to deep right. Casali grounded out to shortstop, Peraza scored. Roark grounded out to pitcher. Senzel tripled to deep right. Votto lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Roark pitching for Reds. Iannetta struck out looking. Freeland grounded out to second. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Suárez struck out looking. Puig lined out to center. Ervin doubled to center. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Roark pitching for Reds. Story homered to left (447 feet). Dahl lined out to center. Arenado flied out to right. Murphy homered to left (357 feet). Tapia walked. McMahon reached on infield single to third, Tapia to second. Hughes pitching for Reds. Peraza at shortstop. Dietrich at second base. Iannetta flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Peraza singled to deep right. Casali singled to right, Peraza to third. Dietrich homered to left (367 feet), Peraza scored and Casali scored. Senzel doubled to deep right. Votto lined into double play, pitcher to shortstop, Senzel out at second. Suárez tripled to deep right center. Díaz pitching for Rockies. Puig homered to left (406 feet), Suárez scored. Ervin singled to left. Winker hit for Hughes. Ervin to second on wild pitch by Díaz. Winker walked. Peraza grounded into fielder's choice to first, Winker out at second. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Reds. Hampson hit for Díaz. Hampson walked. Hampson stole second. Blackmon singled to deep right, Hampson scored, Blackmon safe at third on throwing error by right fielder Puig. Lorenzen pitching for Reds. Story lined out to pitcher. Dahl grounded out to first, Blackmon scored. Arenado grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Top 7th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Casali homered to left (420 feet). Dietrich grounded out to first. Senzel walked. Votto doubled to left, Senzel to third. Suárez walked. Puig doubled to deep right, Senzel scored and Votto scored, Suárez to third. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Ervin singled to left center, Suárez scored and Puig scored. Lorenzen struck out swinging. Ervin stole second. Peraza struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Peralta pitching for Reds. Murphy walked. Tapia grounded out to second, Murphy to second. McMahon struck out swinging. Iannetta grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Casali grounded out to pitcher. Dietrich popped out to second. Senzel flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Reynolds hit for Estévez. Peralta pitching for Reds. Reynolds flied out to right. Blackmon struck out looking. Story flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Votto struck out looking. Suárez walked. Puig singled to right, Suárez to second. Ervin singled to left, Puig to second, Suárez to third. Farmer hit for Peralta. Farmer flied out to right. Peraza singled to right, Puig scored and Suárez scored, Ervin to third. Casali struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Stephenson pitching for Reds. Farmer at second base. Dietrich at first base. Dahl flied out to center. Arenado flied out to right. Murphy singled to center. Tapia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 17 - Rockies 9.	Ervin ties Reds' record with 6 hits in 17-9 win over Rockies