Rockies - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Astros. Blackmon struck out looking. Story flied out to right. Murphy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Springer grounded out to third. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Brantley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Astros. Arenado singled to left. McMahon grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Arenado out at second. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Bregman doubled to right. Alvarez homered to right (436 feet), Bregman scored. Correa grounded out to pitcher. Gurriel grounded out to third. Chirinos struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Astros. Tapia flied out to center. Alonso grounded out to shortstop. Wolters singled to left. Blackmon grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Reddick tripled to deep center. Springer struck out swinging. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Altuve to second, Reddick out at home in rundown. Altuve to third on wild pitch by Márquez. Brantley singled to right, Altuve scored. Brantley to second on wild pitch by Márquez. Bregman grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Astros. Story reached on infield single to third. Murphy walked, Story to second. Murphy to second on wild pitch by Greinke, Story to third on wild pitch by Greinke. Arenado hit sacrifice fly to right, Story scored, Murphy to third. McMahon doubled to left, Murphy scored. Desmond grounded out to second, McMahon to third. Tapia grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Alvarez flied out to left. Correa struck out swinging. Gurriel homered to left (365 feet). Chirinos struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Astros. Alonso singled to right center. Wolters grounded into fielder's choice to second, Alonso safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Altuve. Blackmon flied out to left. Story grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wolters out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 5th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Reddick lined out to center. Springer singled to left. Altuve singled to right, Springer to third. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Springer scored, Altuve out at second. Bregman singled to center, Brantley to second. Alvarez flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Astros. Murphy safe at first on error by third baseman Bregman. Arenado fouled out to third. McMahon walked, Murphy to second. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to third, McMahon to second, Murphy out at third. Tapia homered to right (371 feet), McMahon scored and Desmond scored. Alonso lined out to third. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Rockies. Correa homered to right (354 feet). Gurriel walked. Gurriel stole second. Chirinos safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Arenado. McGee pitching for Rockies. Reddick struck out looking. Springer singled to right center, Gurriel scored, Chirinos to second. Altuve grounded into double play, third to first, Chirinos out at third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 7th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Wolters flied out to right. Blackmon homered to right (397 feet). Story lined out to left. Murphy struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Brantley singled to right center. Bregman walked, Brantley to second. Alvarez flied out to center, Brantley to third. Correa doubled to left, Brantley scored and Bregman scored. Gurriel homered to left (347 feet), Correa scored. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Chirinos struck out swinging. Reddick grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Rondón pitching for Astros. Arenado flied out to center. McMahon grounded out to third. Desmond grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Springer grounded out to shortstop. Altuve grounded out to third. Brantley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Tapia walked. Alonso walked, Tapia to second. Wolters flied out to left. Blackmon struck out swinging. Story grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 6 - Astros 11.	Greinke wins Astros debut with HR help, tops Rockies 11-6