Rockies - Top 1st. Cole pitching for Astros. Blackmon popped out to third. Story homered to left center (382 feet). Murphy struck out looking. Arenado fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Lambert pitching for Rockies. Altuve homered to left (380 feet). Brantley singled to right. Bregman flied out to left. Alvarez singled to right, Brantley to second. Correa struck out swinging. Gurriel homered to left (395 feet), Brantley scored and Alvarez scored. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Cole pitching for Astros. McMahon struck out swinging. Tapia struck out swinging. Alonso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Lambert pitching for Rockies. Maldonado grounded out to shortstop. Marisnick grounded out to third. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Cole pitching for Astros. Iannetta struck out looking. Hampson struck out looking. Blackmon fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Lambert pitching for Rockies. Brantley lined out to left. Bregman singled to deep right center. Alvarez walked, Bregman to second. Correa walked, Alvarez to second, Bregman to third. Gurriel hit sacrifice fly to right, Bregman scored, Alvarez to third. Díaz lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Cole pitching for Astros. Story struck out looking. Murphy popped out to shortstop. Arenado homered to left (375 feet). McMahon flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Lambert pitching for Rockies. Maldonado walked. Marisnick reached on infield single to catcher, Maldonado to second. Altuve walked, Marisnick to second, Maldonado to third. Brantley singled to deep right, Maldonado scored, Altuve to second, Marisnick to third. Tinoco pitching for Rockies. Bregman walked, Marisnick scored, Brantley to second, Altuve to third. Alvarez struck out swinging. Correa struck out swinging. Gurriel doubled to deep left center, Altuve scored, Bregman scored and Brantley scored. Díaz struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Cole pitching for Astros. Tapia lined out to shortstop. Alonso grounded out to first. Iannetta singled to shallow right. Hampson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Tinoco pitching for Rockies. Maldonado struck out swinging. Marisnick struck out swinging. Altuve struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Cole pitching for Astros. Blackmon grounded out to first. Story struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Tinoco pitching for Rockies. Brantley walked. Bregman lined out to left. Alvarez singled to right, Brantley to third. Correa walked, Alvarez to second. Howard pitching for Rockies. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Brantley scored, Correa out at second, Alvarez to third. Díaz lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Daza hit for Arenado. Biagini pitching for Astros. Daza singled to left. McMahon struck out looking. Tapia singled to center, Daza to second. Alonso grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tapia out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Wolters at second base. Daza in center field. McMahon at third base. Hampson at shortstop. Howard pitching for Rockies. Maldonado walked. Marisnick struck out swinging. Stubbs hit for Altuve. Stubbs walked, Maldonado to second. Brantley grounded out to first, Stubbs to second, Maldonado to third. Bregman doubled to center, Maldonado scored and Stubbs scored. Alvarez singled to right, Bregman to third. Correa singled to left, Bregman scored, Alvarez to second. Gurriel popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Stubbs in left field. Díaz at second base. Biagini pitching for Astros. Iannetta singled to center. Hampson singled to right, Iannetta to second. Blackmon reached on infield single to first, Hampson to second, Iannetta to third. Wolters grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Iannetta scored, Blackmon out at second, Hampson to third. Murphy grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Howard pitching for Rockies. Díaz flied out to center. Maldonado struck out looking. Marisnick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Daza flied out to right. McMahon grounded out to second. Tapia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 3 - Astros 14.	Gurriel's 8 RBIs tie mark; Cole wins 10th straight