Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Locastro singled to left. Marte doubled to deep left center, Locastro scored. Escobar flied out to center. Walker grounded out to third, Marte to third. Flores singled to center, Marte scored. Jones singled to left, Flores to second. Ahmed lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon struck out swinging. Story flied out to left. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Kelly walked. Ray bunted into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second, Kelly out at second. Locastro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Alonso grounded out to second. Desmond walked. Tapia singled to center, Desmond to third. Hampson sacrificed, Desmond scored, Hampson to first, Tapia to second. Wolters walked, Hampson to second, Tapia to third. Freeland grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wolters out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Marte singled to deep left. Escobar struck out swinging. Walker grounded into double play, third to second to first, Marte out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon grounded out to second. Story reached on infield single to shortstop. Arenado doubled to deep left, Story to third. Alonso grounded out to second, Story scored, Arenado to third. Desmond grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Flores popped out to shortstop. Jones struck out swinging. Ahmed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Tapia struck out swinging. Hampson struck out swinging. Wolters lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Kelly struck out swinging. Andriese struck out swinging. Locastro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Freeland struck out swinging. Blackmon safe at first on error by shortstop Ahmed. Story grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blackmon out at second, Story safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Flores. Arenado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Marte doubled to left. Marte to third on wild pitch by Freeland. Escobar homered to left center (425 feet), Marte scored. Walker grounded out to third. Flores homered to left (365 feet). Jones lined out to left. Ahmed grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks. Rojas in right field. Alonso singled to left. Desmond flied out to center. Tapia singled to center, Alonso to second, Tapia safe at second on error by center fielder Marte, Alonso safe at third on error by center fielder Marte. McMahon hit for Hampson. McMahon homered to left (367 feet), Alonso scored and Tapia scored. Wolters singled to left. Daza hit for Freeland. Daza struck out swinging. Blackmon safe at first on error by first baseman Walker, Wolters to second. Story hit by pitch, Blackmon to second, Wolters to third. Arenado popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. McMahon at second base. Díaz pitching for Rockies. Kelly struck out swinging. Rojas doubled to deep right. Locastro grounded out to shortstop, Rojas to third. Marte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta in left field. Alonso doubled to deep center. Desmond sacrificed to catcher, Alonso to third. Tapia grounded out to shortstop. McMahon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Davis pitching for Rockies. Escobar flied out to center. Walker lined out to right. Flores singled to left. Dyson ran for Flores. Peralta singled to right, Dyson to third. Ahmed grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Marte at second base. Dyson in center field. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Wolters struck out looking. Murphy hit for Davis. Murphy grounded out to third. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Kelly struck out swinging. Rojas grounded out to second. Lamb hit for Chafin. Lamb walked. Marte singled to center, Lamb scored, Marte to second. Escobar grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Story hit by pitch. Arenado homered to left (423 feet), Story scored. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Rockies 7.	Arenado hits 2-run home in 9th, Rockies beat Dbacks 7-6