Pirates - Top 1st. Melville pitching for Rockies. Newman homered to center (426 feet). Reynolds singled to right. Marte lined out to center. Bell singled to center, Bell safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado, Reynolds safe at third on error by third baseman Arenado, Reynolds to third. Moran hit sacrifice fly to right, Reynolds scored. Osuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bell out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Story flied out to right. Blackmon singled to right center. Arenado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blackmon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Melville pitching for Rockies. Frazier singled to deep right. Stallings singled to right, Frazier to third. Musgrove struck out swinging. Newman reached on infield single to pitcher, Frazier scored on throwing error by pitcher Melville, Newman safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Melville, Stallings to second, Stallings safe at. Reynolds doubled to deep right center, Newman scored and Stallings scored. Marte walked. Bell grounded into fielder's choice to second, Marte out at second, Reynolds to third. Moran walked, Bell to second. Osuna grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Murphy flied out to center. McMahon homered to center (427 feet). Hilliard grounded out to first. Hampson singled to left center. Nuñez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Parsons pitching for Rockies. Frazier grounded out to third. Stallings singled to center. Musgrove fouled out to catcher. Newman singled to center, Stallings to second. Reynolds grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Parsons struck out swinging. Story singled to deep right. Blackmon doubled to right, Story to third. Arenado hit sacrifice fly to right, Story scored, Blackmon to third. Murphy hit by pitch. McMahon struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Parsons pitching for Rockies. Marte lined out to pitcher. Bell homered to right center (452 feet). Moran flied out to left. Osuna homered to left (391 feet). Frazier lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Hilliard tripled to deep right. Hampson hit sacrifice fly to left, Hilliard scored. Nuñez struck out swinging. Parsons walked. Story flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Parsons pitching for Rockies. Stallings walked. Musgrove sacrificed to pitcher, Stallings to second. Newman grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Blackmon grounded out to second. Arenado singled to left. Murphy lined out to left. McMahon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Marte flied out to center. Bell grounded out to third. Moran grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Hilliard grounded out to pitcher. Hampson singled to left center. Nuñez struck out swinging. Alonso hit for Shaw. Alonso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Osuna flied out to center. Frazier reached on infield single to third. Stallings fouled out to first. Reyes hit for Musgrove. Reyes doubled to deep left, Frazier scored. Reyes scored on error by first baseman Murphy, Newman safe at first on error by pitcher McGee. Reynolds doubled to deep left center, Newman scored. Marte grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Story struck out swinging. Blackmon lined out to shortstop. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Howard pitching for Rockies. Bell struck out swinging. Moran singled to center. Osuna struck out swinging. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Markel pitching for Pirates. González at shortstop. Murphy homered to right (373 feet). McMahon struck out swinging. Hilliard grounded out to first. Hampson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Howard pitching for Rockies. Stallings singled to right. González singled to center, Stallings to second. Markel grounded into fielder's choice to second, González out at second. Reynolds struck out swinging. Marte singled to deep right, Stallings scored, Markel to second. Marte to second on passed ball by Nuñez, Markel to third on passed ball by Nuñez. Marte to second on passed ball by Nuñez, Markel to third on passed ball by Nuñez. Bell flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Markel pitching for Pirates. Nuñez struck out looking. Daza hit for Howard. Daza grounded out to shortstop. Story grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 11 - Rockies 4.	Bell hits 35th HR, Pirates clobber Rockies 11-4