Padres - Top 1st . Jensen pitching for Giants . Vazquez walked . Loretta singled to right , Vazquez to third . Kotsay walked , Loretta to second . Klesko hit sacrifice fly to right center , Vazquez scored , Loretta to third . White homered to left , Loretta and Kotsay scored . Nady grounded out to shortstop . Hansen grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Tankersley pitching for Padres . Durham walked . Durham stole second . Feliz singled to left , Durham to third . Aurilia singled to left center , Durham scored , Feliz to second . Bonds walked , Feliz to third , Aurilia to second . Cruz walked , Feliz scored , Aurilia to third , Bonds to second . Snow walked , Aurilia scored , Bonds to third , Cruz to second . Torrealba doubled to right , Bonds and Cruz scored , Snow to third . Wright pitching for Padres . Rivera struck out swinging . Jensen singled to center , Snow and Torrealba scored . Durham struck out swinging . Feliz singled to center , Jensen to second . Aurilia flied out to shallow right center . 7 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Jensen pitching for Giants . Gonzalez singled to left . Wright sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Vazquez singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Vazquez out stretching at second . Loretta singled to right center . Kotsay flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Wright pitching for Padres . Bonds hit by pitch . Cruz doubled to deep right , Bonds to third . Snow singled to center , Bonds scored , Cruz to third . Torrealba hit sacrifice fly to deep center , Cruz scored . Rivera struck out looking . Jensen grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Jensen pitching for Giants . Klesko homered to right . White hit by pitch . Nady tripled to deep right center , White scored . Brower pitching for Giants . Hansen singled to center , Nady scored . Burroughs hit for Wright . Gonzalez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hansen out at second . Matthews pitching for Padres . Burroughs grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Matthews pitching for Padres . Durham singled to center . Feliz reached on infield single to third , Durham to second . Aurilia singled to right , Durham to third , Feliz to second . Bonds singled to shallow right center , Durham and Feliz scored , Aurilia to third . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Aurilia scored , Bonds out at second . Snow flied out to right . Cruz stole second . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Brower pitching for Giants . Vazquez grounded out to first . Loretta doubled to deep left . Kotsay grounded out to first , Loretta to third . Klesko walked . White grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Matthews pitching for Padres . Rivera flied out to deep right center . Brower singled to right . Durham flied out to deep right . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brower out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Brower pitching for Giants . Nady singled to center . Hansen walked , Nady to second . Gonzalez doubled to deep left center , Hansen and Nady scored . Matthews sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to third . Vazquez flied out to shallow left . Loretta flied out to right . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Matthews pitching for Padres . Aurilia grounded out to third . Bonds grounded out to shortstop . Cruz walked . Snow flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Nathan pitching for Giants . Kotsay grounded out to second . Klesko popped out to shortstop . Condrey pitching for Padres . White popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Condrey pitching for Padres . Torrealba struck out swinging . Rivera singled to left . Nathan sacrificed to pitcher , Rivera to second . Durham singled to center , Rivera scored , Durham to second advancing on throw . Feliz singled to deep left , Durham scored . Aurilia struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Nathan pitching for Giants . Nady flied out to deep center . Hansen singled to center . Lockhart hit for Condrey . Gonzalez walked , Hansen to second . Orosco pitching for Padres . Lockhart grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Orosco pitching for Padres . Bonds flied out to center . Cruz walked . Cruz stole second . Snow grounded out to first , Cruz to third . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Torrealba grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Vazquez singled to right . Loretta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vazquez out at second . Kotsay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Orosco pitching for Padres . Rivera singled to left . Perez hit for Rodriguez . Perez flied out to right , Rivera to third . Durham hit sacrifice fly to right , Rivera scored . Perez at second base . Benard in left field . Worrell pitching for Giants . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Worrell pitching for Giants . Klesko singled to shallow center . White safe at first on error by shortstop Aurilia , Klesko to second . Nady flied out to right , Klesko to third . Hansen singled to left center , Klesko scored , White to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hansen out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 11 - Giants 15 .	How offensive : Giants , Padres set Pac Bell record