Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Loewer pitching for Padres . Womack flied out to left . Finley flied out to center . Bautista singled to center . Gonzalez singled to right , Bautista to second . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez out at second , Bautista to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Matthews Jr flied out to center . Loretta struck out looking . White grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Loewer pitching for Padres . Overbay grounded out to second . Spivey singled to right . Moeller grounded out to shortstop , Spivey to second . Patterson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Klesko singled to center . Klesko caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Burroughs reached on infield single to second . Nady lined out to right . Bennett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Loewer pitching for Padres . Womack grounded out to pitcher . Finley struck out swinging . Bautista grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Merloni lined out to right . Loewer walked . Matthews Jr walked , Loewer to second . Loretta flied out to right . White singled to left , Loewer to third , Matthews Jr to second . Klesko popped out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Loewer pitching for Padres . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Hillenbrand fouled out to first . Overbay lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs tripled to right center . Nady grounded out to third , Burroughs scored . Bennett singled to right . Merloni doubled to right center , Bennett to third . Loewer grounded out to second , Bennett scored , Merloni to third . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Loewer pitching for Padres . Spivey grounded out to shortstop . Moeller singled to center . Patterson struck out swinging . Moeller to second on wild pitch by Loewer . Womack singled to left center , Moeller scored . Finley walked , Womack to second . Bautista flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Loretta walked . White flied out to center . Klesko grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Loretta out at second . Matthews pitching for Padres . Burroughs grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Klesko out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Matthews pitching for Padres . Gonzalez singled to center . Hillenbrand lined out to left . Overbay flied out to left . Spivey grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Nady doubled to left . Bennett singled to right , Nady to third . Hansen hit for Matthews . Merloni walked , Bennett to second . Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks . Buchanan hit for Hansen . Buchanan grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nady scored , Merloni out at second , Bennett to third . Matthews Jr singled to center , Bennett scored . Hackman pitching for Padres . Loretta flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Baerga hit for Oropesa . Hackman pitching for Padres . Moeller struck out swinging . Baerga grounded out to first . Myers pitching for Diamondbacks . Womack grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . White grounded out to first . Klesko walked . Burroughs fouled out to third . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Nady struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Hackman pitching for Padres . Finley grounded out to first . Bautista struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Bennett struck out looking . Lockhart hit for Hackman . Merloni flied out to right . Herges pitching for Padres . Lockhart flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Herges pitching for Padres . Hillenbrand singled to center . Overbay singled to center , Hillenbrand to second . Spivey flied out to center . McCracken hit for Service . Moeller grounded out to pitcher , Hillenbrand to third , Overbay to second . McCracken grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Padres 4 .	Padres ' Loewer wins first game since hunting accident