Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Padres . Counsell struck out swinging . Kata walked . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kata safe at second on error by shortstop Vazquez . Hillenbrand lined out to second . Finley homered to right , Kata and Gonzalez scored . Cintron flied out to shallow center . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 1st . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Kotsay struck out swinging . Loretta reached on infield single to pitcher . Klesko flied out to center . Burroughs singled to left , Loretta scored . White flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Padres . Moeller reached on infield single to pitcher . McCracken grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Moeller out at second . Schilling grounded out to pitcher , McCracken to second . Counsell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Vazquez reached on infield single to second . Nady grounded out to third , Vazquez to second . Ojeda struck out swinging . Perez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Padres . Kata lined out to center . Gonzalez singled to right . Hillenbrand doubled to right , Gonzalez scored . Finley singled to shallow left , Hillenbrand to third . Cintron singled to left center , Hillenbrand scored , Finley to second . Moeller grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cintron out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Kotsay grounded out to first . Loretta doubled to deep right . Klesko grounded out to first , Loretta to third . Burroughs flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Padres . McCracken grounded out to shortstop . Schilling walked . Counsell lined out to shortstop . Kata grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schilling out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . White reached on infield single to third . Vazquez sacrificed to pitcher , White to second . Nady grounded out to shortstop , White to third . Ojeda walked . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Padres . Gonzalez walked . Hillenbrand popped out to shallow left . Finley singled to right , Gonzalez to third . Cintron singled to left , Gonzalez scored , Finley to second . Wright pitching for Padres . Moeller tripled to deep right , Finley and Cintron scored . McCracken hit sacrifice fly to left , Moeller scored . Schilling grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Kotsay struck out swinging . Loretta singled to right . Klesko fouled out to third . Burroughs popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Wright pitching for Padres . Counsell singled to right . Kata grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Counsell out at second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Kata out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . White singled to left center . Vazquez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , White out at second . Matthews Jr in left field . Nady struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Wright pitching for Padres . Hillenbrand singled to deep left . Finley grounded out to pitcher , Hillenbrand to second . Cintron flied out to center , Hillenbrand to third . Terrero in center field . Moeller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Hansen hit for Wright . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Ojeda struck out looking . Hansen singled to right . Kotsay struck out swinging . Hansen at second base . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Loretta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Dellucci hit for Schilling . Linebrink pitching for Padres . McCracken struck out swinging . Dellucci singled to right . Counsell singled to center , Dellucci to second . Kata flied out to center . Orosco pitching for Padres . Dellucci to third , Counsell to second on wild pitch by Orosco . Dellucci in left field . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Klesko flied out to center . Burroughs grounded out to second . Hansen at first base . Merloni at second base . Matthews pitching for Padres . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Matthews pitching for Padres . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Terrero flied out to center . Cintron walked . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Moeller grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Vazquez singled to left . Nady lined out to right . Ojeda walked , Vazquez to second . Hansen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ojeda out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Padres 1 .	Schilling strong as D - Backs rout Padres