Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Howard pitching for Padres . Counsell singled to right . Cintron flied out to center . Finley flied out to left center . Counsell stole second . Mondesi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Capuano pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs singled to left . Burroughs picked off first . Loretta walked . Giles grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Loretta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Howard pitching for Padres . Gonzalez flied out to center . Hillenbrand homered to left . Baerga reached on infield single to second . Barajas struck out swinging . Capuano fouled out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Capuano pitching for Diamondbacks . Nevin homered to left center . Matthews Jr doubled to right center . Kotsay flied out to right , Matthews Jr to third . Bennett singled to right , Matthews Jr scored . Vazquez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Bennett out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Howard pitching for Padres . Counsell struck out swinging . Cintron lined out to left . Finley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Capuano pitching for Diamondbacks . Howard singled to left . Burroughs hit by pitch , Howard to second . Loretta singled to center , Howard to third , Burroughs to second . Giles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Howard scored , Loretta out at second , Burroughs to third . Nevin reached on infield single to third , Burroughs scored , Giles to second . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Kotsay flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Howard pitching for Padres . Mondesi flied out to deep center . Gonzalez singled to left . Hillenbrand flied out to center . Baerga grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Capuano pitching for Diamondbacks . Bennett struck out swinging . Vazquez singled to center . Howard bunt popped out to third . Burroughs hit by pitch , Vazquez to second . Loretta singled to right , Vazquez scored , Burroughs to third , Loretta to second advancing on throw . Reyes pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . McCracken hit for Reyes . Howard pitching for Padres . Barajas grounded out to shortstop . McCracken reached on infield single to shortstop . Counsell grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McCracken out at second . Bautista in right field . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Cintron flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Nevin flied out to center . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Kotsay struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Howard pitching for Padres . Finley grounded out to second . Bautista walked . Gonzalez doubled to right center , Bautista to third . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Baerga grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Bennett flied out to right . Lockhart hit for Howard . Vazquez flied out to center . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Lockhart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Grace hit for Patterson . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Barajas flied out to center . Grace grounded out to first . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Counsell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs flied out to left . Loretta homered to left . Giles walked . Nevin struck out looking . Matthews Jr singled to center , Giles to second . Matthews pitching for Padres . Kotsay grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Matthews pitching for Padres . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . Finley hit by pitch . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Finley out at second . Myers pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez flied out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Bennett singled to left . Buchanan hit for Matthews . Vazquez flied out to center . Buchanan singled to center , Bennett to second . Hackman pitching for Padres . Burroughs grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Buchanan out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Hackman pitching for Padres . Hillenbrand flied out to center . Overbay hit for Barajas . Baerga singled to center . Baerga to second on wild pitch by Hackman . Jose hit for Myers . Overbay fouled out to third . Jose homered to right center , Baerga scored . Walker pitching for Padres . Spivey hit for Counsell . Spivey popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Padres 6 .	San Diego 6 , Arizona 3