Padres - Top 1st . Rueter pitching for Giants . Burroughs grounded out to second . Loretta flied out to left . Giles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Durham grounded out to first . Snow homered to center . Aurilia fouled out to shortstop . Bonds homered to left . Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Nevin singled to right . Matthews Jr safe at first on error by first baseman Snow , Nevin to second . Buchanan singled to right , Nevin scored , Matthews Jr to second . Bennett grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Buchanan out at second , Matthews Jr to third . Greene struck out looking . Lawrence grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bennett out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Santiago singled to left . Grissom singled to center , Santiago to second . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Grissom out at second , Santiago to third . Rueter sacrificed to catcher , Santiago scored , Cruz scored , Cruz to second , Rueter safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Lawrence . Durham lined out to right , Rueter to third . Snow walked . Aurilia grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 3rd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Burroughs grounded out to pitcher . Loretta popped out to second . Giles fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Bonds popped out to third . Alfonzo singled to center . Santiago lined into double play , pitcher to first , Alfonzo doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Nevin doubled to deep right . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Buchanan struck out looking . Bennett singled to center , Nevin scored . Greene singled to right , Bennett to second . Lawrence grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bennett out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Grissom singled to center . Cruz reached on infield single to second , Grissom to second . Rueter struck out bunting foul . Durham singled to left , Grissom to third , Cruz to second . Snow grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Grissom out at home , Cruz to third , Durham to second . Aurilia lined out to right . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Burroughs flied out to left . Loretta doubled to left . Giles grounded out to second , Loretta to third . Nevin singled to right , Loretta scored . Matthews Jr singled to left , Nevin to second . Buchanan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matthews Jr out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Bonds flied out to center . Alfonzo walked . Santiago walked , Alfonzo to second . Grissom flied out to left . Cruz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Bennett lined out to first . Nady hit for Lawrence . Brower pitching for Giants . Sears hit for Nady . Greene walked . Sears singled to left center , Greene to second . Greene to third , Sears to second on wild pitch by Brower . Burroughs walked . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Loretta hit sacrifice fly to left , Greene scored . Giles tripled to deep center , Sears and Burroughs scored . Villafuerte pitching for Padres . Benard hit for Christiansen . Nevin flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Villafuerte pitching for Padres . Benard singled to left . Durham flied out to left . Niekro ran for Benard . Snow singled to left , Benard to second . Aurilia flied out to center . Bonds intentionally walked , Niekro to third , Snow to second . Alfonzo walked , Niekro scored , Snow to third , Bonds to second . Herges pitching for Giants . Santiago grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Herges pitching for Giants . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Buchanan flied out to left . Bennett grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Villafuerte pitching for Padres . Grissom grounded out to pitcher . Galarraga hit for Herges . Cruz flied out to left . Ransom ran for Galarraga . Galarraga singled to right . Eyre pitching for Giants . Durham lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Ojeda hit for Villafuerte . Eyre pitching for Giants . Greene walked . Ojeda flied out to center . Greene to third on wild pitch by Eyre . Burroughs grounded out to second . Loretta singled to left , Greene scored . Nathan pitching for Giants . Giles walked , Loretta to second . Matthews Jr in right field . Kotsay in center field . Walker pitching for Padres . Nevin grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Giles out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Witasick pitching for Padres . Snow walked . Aurilia struck out swinging . Bonds walked , Snow to second . Alfonzo singled to center , Snow scored , Bonds to second . Feliz ran for Alfonzo . Santiago singled to left , Bonds scored , Feliz to second . Grissom flied out to right , Feliz to third . Feliz scored , Santiago to second on wild pitch by Witasick . Hammonds hit for Nathan . Hackman pitching for Padres . Cruz walked . Feliz at third base . Worrell pitching for Giants . Hammonds flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Worrell pitching for Giants . San Diego 's Matthews Jr ejected by Kulpa in the 9th . Vazquez hit for Bennett . Kotsay singled to right center . Hansen hit for Greene . Vazquez flied out to left . Lockhart hit for Hackman . Quintero ran for Hansen . Hansen singled to left center , Kotsay to second . Lockhart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 7 - Giants 8 .	Home fun : Bonds hits No . 655 in Giants ' win