Dodgers - Top 1st . Roberts reached on infield single to shortstop . Lo Duca grounded into double play , third to second to first , Roberts out at second . Green lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Burroughs singled to shallow right . Kotsay flied out to left . Burroughs stole second . Giles walked . Nevin grounded into double play , third to second to first , Giles out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Ventura singled to right center . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ventura out at second . Burnitz walked . Cora flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez grounded out to second . Nady homered to right . Greene flied out to center . Bennett grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Nomo struck out swinging . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Lawrence grounded out to third . Burroughs struck out swinging . Kotsay fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Lo Duca flied out to center . Green walked . Ventura struck out swinging . Beltre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Giles struck out swinging . Nevin struck out looking . Vazquez walked . Nady walked , Vazquez to second . Greene struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Burnitz lined out to right . Cora singled to left . Izturis reached on infield single to second , Cora to second . Nomo sacrificed to pitcher , Cora to third , Izturis to second . Roberts grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Bennett lined out to second . Lawrence popped out to first . Burroughs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Lo Duca safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Greene . Green singled to right , Lo Duca to second . Ventura struck out looking . Beltre reached on infield single to second , Lo Duca to third , Green to second . Burnitz grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lo Duca out at home , Green to third , Beltre to second . Cora grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 6th . Kotsay struck out swinging . Giles struck out looking . Nevin singled to center . Nevin stole second . Vazquez walked . Nady fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Izturis singled to center . Nomo sacrificed to pitcher , Izturis to second . Roberts grounded out to pitcher , Izturis to third . Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Greene grounded out to third . Hansen hit for Lawrence . Bennett singled to right . Hansen struck out swinging . Walker pitching for Padres . Burroughs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Cabrera hit for Ventura . Beck pitching for Padres . Green walked . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Green out at second . Cabrera at first base . Beltre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Kotsay singled to right . Giles walked , Kotsay to second . Kotsay to third , Giles to second on wild pitch by Nomo . Nevin intentionally walked . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Vazquez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kotsay scored , Giles to third , Nevin to second . Nady grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Giles out at home , Nevin to third , Vazquez to second . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Greene singled to shallow left center , Nevin and Vazquez scored , Nady to third , Nady scored , Greene to third on throwing error by left fielder Burnitz . Sears hit for Beck . Bennett singled to center , Greene scored . Sears flied out to left . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Burroughs struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 9th . Burnitz homered to right . Cora singled to right . Thurston hit for Mota . Izturis grounded out to pitcher , Cora to second . Thurston popped out to shortstop . Roberts struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 1 - Padres 6 .	L.A. Story over : Dodgers eliminated with loss