Angels - Top 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Figgins grounded out to third . Erstad walked . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Erstad out at second . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Inge grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez lined out to right . Guillen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Rivera grounded out to third . Cabrera singled to center , Cabrera to second on error by center fielder Logan . Quinlan flied out to center , Cabrera to third . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . White grounded out to third . Young grounded out to second . Monroe walked . Pena walked , Monroe to second . Infante struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Kennedy singled to right . Wilson catching . Figgins safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Robertson , Kennedy to second . Erstad grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Figgins out at second , Kennedy to third . Guerrero singled to right , Kennedy scored , Erstad to third . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Erstad scored , Guerrero to second , Guerrero to third advancing on throw . Rivera struck out looking . Cabrera singled to center , Guerrero scored , Anderson to third . Cabrera stole second . Quinlan walked . Molina doubled to deep left , Anderson , Cabrera and Quinlan scored . Kennedy grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Logan struck out swinging . Inge walked . Ginter pitching for Tigers . Wilson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Inge out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Ginter pitching for Tigers . Figgins lined out to second . Erstad struck out swinging . Guerrero singled to right . Anderson singled to right , Guerrero to second . Rivera homered to left center , Guerrero and Anderson scored . Cabrera grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Guillen struck out swinging . White singled to left . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , White out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Ginter pitching for Tigers . Quinlan grounded out to shortstop . Molina fouled out to first . Kennedy singled to left center . Figgins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Monroe walked . Pena singled to center , Monroe to second . Infante doubled to left , Monroe scored , Pena to third . Logan grounded into double play , to first , Infante out at third . Inge fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Ginter pitching for Tigers . Erstad grounded out to second . Guerrero grounded out to second . Anderson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Wilson flied out to center . Guillen doubled to deep center , Guillen out stretching at third . Smith at shortstop . White struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Ginter pitching for Tigers . Rivera struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Quinlan singled to center . McPherson at third base . Quinlan at first base . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Quinlan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Thames ran for Young . Lackey pitching for Angels . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Monroe doubled to deep right center , Thames scored . Pena grounded out to second , Monroe to third . Infante struck out looking . Logan grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Ginter pitching for Tigers . Kennedy flied out to right . Figgins lined out to third . McPherson walked . DaVanon in right field . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McPherson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Inge doubled to deep center . Wilson grounded out to second , Inge to third . Smith singled to center , Inge scored . White flied out to center . Gregg pitching for Angels . Thames walked , Smith to second . Smith to third , Thames to second on wild pitch by Gregg . Monroe walked . Spurling pitching for Tigers . Pena struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Spurling pitching for Tigers . Anderson flied out to left . Rivera singled to right . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rivera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Infante grounded out to shortstop . Logan reached on infield single to shortstop . Inge singled to deep left , Logan to second . Wilson lined out to center . Smith grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 9 - Tigers 3 .	Cloud 9 : Angels offense comes alive to rout Tigers