Tigers - Top 1st . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Inge singled to center . Polanco flied out to center . Young singled to right , Inge to third . White grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Inge scored , Young out at second . Rodriguez singled to center , White to third . Monroe singled to right , White scored , Rodriguez to second . Giarratano flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Sullivan struck out swinging , Sullivan safe at first on wild pitch by Bonderman . Relaford bunt popped out to pitcher . Helton singled to right , Sullivan to third . Wilson singled to center , Sullivan scored , Helton to second . Hawpe walked , Helton to third , Wilson to second . Atkins grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helton scored , Hawpe out at second , Wilson to third . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Logan grounded out to first . Bonderman lined out to right . Inge walked . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Inge out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Closser grounded out to shortstop . Jennings grounded out to second . Sullivan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Young doubled to deep center . White reached on infield single to shortstop , Young scored , White to second on throwing error by shortstop Relaford . Rodriguez lined out to second . Monroe grounded out to third . Giarratano grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Relaford grounded out to second . Helton struck out swinging . Wilson singled to left . Hawpe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Logan popped out to first . Bonderman bunt grounded out to pitcher . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Atkins grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Closser walked . Jennings singled to right , Closser to third . Sullivan reached on infield single to shortstop , Closser scored , Jennings to second . Relaford flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Polanco doubled to deep right center . Young grounded out to first , Polanco to third . White doubled to left , Polanco scored . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Monroe struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Helton grounded out to first . Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop . Wilson stole second . Hawpe popped out to shortstop . Atkins singled to right , Wilson scored , Atkins out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Giarratano walked . Logan grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Giarratano out at second . Bonderman struck out swinging , Logan stole second . Inge singled to center , Logan scored , Inge to second advancing on throw . Polanco flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez fouled out to first . Piedra hit for Jennings . Closser singled to center . Neal pitching for Rockies . Piedra lined into double play , to first , Closser doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Neal pitching for Rockies . Young grounded out to pitcher . White grounded out to second . Rodriguez walked . Walker pitching for Tigers . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Sullivan flied out to right . Relaford grounded out to pitcher . Helton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Neal pitching for Rockies . Giarratano singled to center . Shelton hit for Walker . Logan reached on bunt single to third , Giarratano to second . Shelton grounded out to shortstop , Giarratano to third , Logan to second . Inge intentionally walked . Polanco hit sacrifice fly to left , Giarratano scored . Farnsworth pitching for Tigers . Young grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Tigers . Colorado 's Neal ejected by Kulpa in the 8th . Hawpe struck out swinging . Garabito hit for Gonzalez . Atkins singled to left . Garabito at second base . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Garabito struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Cortes pitching for Rockies . White singled to center . White to second on wild pitch by Cortes . Rodriguez popped out to shortstop . Monroe struck out looking . Percival pitching for Tigers . Giarratano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Mohr hit for Cortes . Percival pitching for Tigers . Closser walked . Mohr struck out swinging . Sullivan lined out to left . Relaford popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 6 - Rockies 4 .	Tigers pop open cold Coors with six - run outburst