Royals - Top 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . DeJesus struck out looking . Long singled to center . Sweeney struck out swinging . Stairs homered to right , Long scored . Brown struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Royals . Inge popped out to second . Guillen grounded out to second . Shelton reached on infield single to third . Ordonez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Teahen grounded out to second . Berroa hit by pitch . Gotay struck out looking . Buck struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Royals . White walked . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , White out at second . Young walked , Rodriguez to second . Monroe popped out to second . Infante flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . DeJesus fouled out to first . Long struck out looking . Sweeney popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Inge struck out looking . Guillen struck out looking . Shelton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Stairs grounded out to second . Brown struck out swinging . Teahen walked . Teahen stole second . Berroa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Ordonez singled to left . White singled to left , Ordonez to second . Rodriguez singled to left , Ordonez to third , White to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ordonez out at home , White to third , Rodriguez to second . Monroe hit sacrifice fly to center , White scored , Rodriguez to third . Rodriguez out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Infante batting . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Gotay singled to deep right . Buck grounded out to third , Gotay to second . DeJesus doubled to left , Gotay scored . Long flied out to left . Sweeney lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Infante flied out to right . Inge popped out to shortstop . Guillen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Stairs grounded out to catcher . Brown struck out swinging . Teahen doubled to deep right . Berroa tripled to deep left , Teahen scored . Gotay fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Shelton homered to right . Ordonez grounded out to third . Burgos pitching for Royals . White walked . Rodriguez flied out to right . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Buck walked . DeJesus singled to center , Buck to second . Spurling pitching for Tigers . Long doubled to deep right , Buck scored , DeJesus to third . Sweeney flied out to right . Stairs intentionally walked . Walker pitching for Tigers . Brown hit sacrifice fly to right , DeJesus scored , Long to third . Teahen grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Stairs out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Monroe homered to left . Infante grounded out to shortstop . Inge walked . Wood pitching for Royals . Guillen singled to right , Inge to third . Shelton hit sacrifice fly to right , Inge scored , Guillen to second . Ordonez singled to left , Guillen scored . White grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ordonez out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Berroa reached on infield single to shortstop . Gotay sacrificed to pitcher , Berroa to second . Buck walked . DeJesus singled to left , Berroa scored , Buck to second . German pitching for Tigers . Long safe at first on error by first baseman Shelton , Buck to third , DeJesus to second . Sweeney walked , Buck scored , DeJesus to third , Long to second . Stairs homered to right center , DeJesus , Long and Sweeney scored . Dingman pitching for Tigers . Brown singled to center . Teahen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Brown out at second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Wood pitching for Royals . Rodriguez doubled to left . Young safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Teahen , Rodriguez scored . Monroe grounded out to third , Young to second . Infante lined out to third . Inge singled to center , Young scored . Guillen singled to left , Inge to second . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Shelton singled to right , Inge scored , Guillen to third . Ordonez singled to center , Guillen scored , Shelton to third . Hooper in left field . White grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 9th . Dingman pitching for Tigers . Berroa singled to left . Gotay struck out swinging . Buck struck out looking . DeJesus walked . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Long flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 9th . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Young singled to left . Monroe lined out to center . Infante singled to center , Young to second . Inge grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 12 - Tigers 9 .	Stairs drives in half of Royals ' runs in win over Tigers