Royals - Top 1st . Maroth pitching for Tigers . DeJesus reached on infield single to second . Graffanino flied out to left . Sweeney homered to left , DeJesus scored . Brown singled to center , Brown to third on error by center fielder Logan . Long singled to right , Brown scored . Berroa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Long out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Inge hit by pitch . Guillen grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Inge out at second . Shelton hit by pitch . Ordonez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Buck flied out to right . Teahen homered to left . McEwing safe at first on error by shortstop Guillen . McEwing caught stealing second , pitcher to first . DeJesus hit by pitch . Graffanino grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Royals . White grounded out to third . Monroe lined out to second . Infante reached on bunt single to third . Wilson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Sweeney flied out to center . Brown reached on infield single to shortstop . Long struck out looking . Berroa popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Logan walked . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Logan to second . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Inge out at second , Logan to third . Shelton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Guillen out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Buck struck out swinging . Teahen grounded out to pitcher . McEwing lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Ordonez singled to left . White flied out to left . Monroe fouled out to catcher . Infante flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . DeJesus struck out swinging . Graffanino fouled out to left . Sweeney grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Wilson flied out to left . Logan grounded out to first . Inge struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Brown reached on infield single to shortstop . Long singled to left , Brown to second . Berroa grounded into double play , third to second to first , Long out at second , Brown to third . Buck walked . Teahen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Costa in left field . Long in right field . Nunez pitching for Royals . Hooper ran for Guillen . Detroit 's Farnsworth ejected by Foster in the 6th . Shelton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hooper out at second . Hooper at shortstop . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . McEwing flied out to center . Spurling pitching for Tigers . DeJesus doubled to center . Graffanino flied out to right , DeJesus to third . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals . White grounded out to third . Monroe fouled out to catcher . Walker pitching for Tigers . Infante struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Costa struck out swinging . Long popped out to shortstop . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Berroa fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Wilson grounded out to second . Logan singled to right . Logan to second on wild pitch by Affeldt . Logan to third on wild pitch by Affeldt . Inge walked . German pitching for Tigers . Hooper lined into double play , shortstop to first , Inge doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . German pitching for Tigers . Buck popped out to first . Teahen walked . Teahen stole second . McEwing singled to left , Teahen to third . DeJesus hit sacrifice fly to right , Teahen scored . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Graffanino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McEwing out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Shelton singled to right . Ordonez struck out swinging . White singled to center , Shelton to second . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Shelton out at third , White to second . Rodriguez hit for Wilson . Infante reached on infield single to first , White to third , Monroe to second . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 5 - Tigers 0 .	Royals blank Tigers after benches clear