Tigers - Top 1st . Harden pitching for Athletics . Polanco singled to left . Guillen flied out to center . Shelton struck out swinging . Ordonez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Douglass pitching for Tigers . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Swisher flied out to left . Crosby grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Harden pitching for Athletics . White singled to left center . Rodriguez flied out to center . Young singled to left , White to second . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second , White to third . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Douglass pitching for Tigers . Chavez doubled to deep center . Hatteberg reached on infield single to second , Chavez to third . Kielty grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Chavez scored , Hatteberg out at second . Johnson walked , Kielty to second . Kielty to third , Johnson to second on wild pitch by Douglass . Payton hit sacrifice fly to center , Kielty scored . Ellis homered to left , Johnson scored . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Harden pitching for Athletics . Polanco doubled to left center . Guillen grounded out to second , Polanco to third . Shelton singled to center , Polanco scored . Ordonez grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Shelton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Douglass pitching for Tigers . Swisher doubled to deep center . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Swisher to third . Chavez hit sacrifice fly to right , Swisher scored , Crosby to second . Ginter hit for Kielty . Hatteberg singled to right , Crosby scored . Ginter grounded out to pitcher , Hatteberg to second . Dingman pitching for Tigers . Johnson singled to left center , Hatteberg scored . Ginter in left field . Payton fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Harden pitching for Athletics . White struck out looking . Rodriguez singled to right . Young singled to shallow right , Rodriguez to third . Monroe grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Dingman pitching for Tigers . Ellis struck out swinging . Kendall struck out looking . Swisher struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Inge singled to center . Polanco singled to center , Inge to second . Guillen grounded out to first , Inge to third , Polanco to second . Shelton grounded out to third . Ordonez walked . White grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ordonez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Dingman pitching for Tigers . Crosby flied out to center . Chavez flied out to left . Hatteberg walked . Ginter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez fouled out to first . Young walked . Monroe singled to left , Young to second . Inge doubled to deep right , Young scored , Monroe to third . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Polanco doubled to right , Monroe and Inge scored . Guillen struck out looking . Shelton walked . Darensbourg pitching for Tigers . Ordonez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Darensbourg pitching for Tigers . Johnson singled to right . Payton singled to left center , Johnson to third . Ellis popped out to first . Kendall hit sacrifice fly to center , Johnson scored . Swisher flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . White singled to left . Rodriguez flied out to center . Young struck out swinging . Walker pitching for Tigers . Monroe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Crosby grounded out to third . Chavez lined out to right . Hatteberg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Calero pitching for Athletics . Inge grounded out to third . Polanco struck out swinging . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Guillen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Ginter flied out to center . Johnson walked . Payton struck out swinging . Ellis lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Calero pitching for Athletics . Shelton grounded out to first . Ordonez grounded out to second . White doubled to left . Rodriguez singled to center , White to third . Rodriguez to second on fielder 's indifference . Young lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 4 - Athletics 8 .	Harden shaky , but streaking A 's top Tigers