Indians - Top 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Sizemore singled to center . Sizemore caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Crisp struck out swinging . Peralta doubled to deep center . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Shelton walked . Ordonez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Martinez popped out to third . Hernandez struck out looking . Belliard fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . White grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez flied out to center . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Boone singled to center . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Boone out at second . Sizemore grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blake out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Monroe flied out to center . Inge grounded out to third . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Crisp flied out to right . Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop . Hafner hit by pitch , Peralta to second . Martinez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hafner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Guillen singled to center . Shelton walked , Guillen to second . Ordonez flied out to right , Guillen to third . White walked , Shelton to second . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to right , Guillen scored , Shelton to third . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Hernandez struck out swinging . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Boone grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Monroe struck out swinging . Inge flied out to center . Polanco struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Blake homered to right . Sizemore tripled to deep left . Crisp homered to left , Sizemore scored . Peralta doubled to deep left . Hafner singled to right , Peralta to third . Colon pitching for Tigers . Martinez singled to left , Peralta scored , Hafner to second . Hernandez singled to left , Hafner to third , Martinez to second . Belliard struck out swinging . Boone singled to right , Hafner scored , Martinez to third , Hernandez to second . Blake singled to left , Martinez and Hernandez scored , Boone to second . Sizemore walked , Boone to third , Blake to second . Spurling pitching for Tigers . Crisp singled to right , Boone scored , Blake to third , Sizemore to second . Peralta safe at first on error by third baseman Inge , Blake scored , Sizemore to third , Crisp to second . Hafner struck out looking . Martinez flied out to left . 9 Runs , 10 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Guillen grounded out to third . Shelton flied out to left . Ordonez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Spurling pitching for Tigers . Hernandez flied out to right . Belliard fouled out to first . Boone flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . White homered to left . Rodriguez singled to right . Young singled to left , Rodriguez to second . Riske pitching for Indians . Monroe doubled to deep right , Rodriguez scored , Young to third . Inge homered to left , Young and Monroe scored . Polanco grounded out to second . Guillen grounded out to second . Shelton struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Spurling pitching for Tigers . Blake singled to right . Sizemore grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blake out at second . Crisp walked . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Ordonez walked . White flied out to right . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Darensbourg pitching for Tigers . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Darensbourg pitching for Tigers . Hafner grounded out to second . Martinez doubled to deep right . Dingman pitching for Tigers . Hernandez flied out to center , Martinez to third . Howry pitching for Indians . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Howry pitching for Indians . Monroe grounded out to second . Inge flied out to right . Polanco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 9 - Tigers 6 .	Indians score nine in sixth , hold on vs. Tigers