Tigers - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Polanco safe at first on error by first baseman Millar . Polanco to second on passed ball by Mirabelli . Shelton flied out to right , Polanco to third . Rodriguez singled to center , Polanco scored . Ordonez flied out to left . Young reached on infield single to pitcher , Rodriguez to second . Monroe flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Damon flied out to center . Graffanino reached on infield single to shortstop . Graffanino to second on wild pitch by Johnson . Ortiz grounded out to first , Graffanino to third . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Inge flied out to left . McDonald flied out to left . Granderson singled to center . Polanco walked , Granderson to second . Shelton popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Nixon popped out to third . Millar struck out swinging . Mueller grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez popped out to first . Ordonez grounded out to first . Young popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Mirabelli doubled to deep right center . Cora singled to center , Mirabelli to third . Damon hit sacrifice fly to right , Mirabelli scored . Graffanino singled to center , Cora to second . Ortiz walked , Cora to third , Graffanino to second . Ramirez walked , Cora scored , Graffanino to third , Ortiz to second . Nixon hit sacrifice fly to center , Graffanino scored , Ortiz to third . Millar struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Monroe walked . Inge homered to center , Monroe scored . McDonald doubled to left . Boston 's Manager Francona ejected by Marsh in the 4th . Polanco popped out to second . Shelton fouled out to catcher . Rodriguez popped out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Mueller flied out to left . Mirabelli flied out to center . Cora grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Ordonez singled to right center . Young popped out to second . Ordonez to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . Monroe fouled out to catcher . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Damon lined out to first . Graffanino walked . Ortiz doubled to deep right , Graffanino scored . Ramirez singled to right , Ortiz to third . Nixon grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ortiz scored , Ramirez out at second . Millar lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . McDonald popped out to second . Granderson flied out to center . Polanco flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Mueller doubled to deep left . Mirabelli walked . Cora sacrificed to third , Mueller to third , Mirabelli to second . Damon struck out swinging , Damon safe at first on wild pitch by Johnson , Mueller scored . Graffanino singled to center , Mirabelli scored , Damon to second . Ortiz flied out to right , Damon to third . Spurling pitching for Tigers . Ramirez doubled to left , Damon scored , Graffanino to third , Graffanino scored , Ramirez to third on throwing error by shortstop McDonald . Gonzalez pitching for Red Sox . Nixon flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 7th . Shelton grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez homered to left . Ordonez homered to left . Bradford pitching for Red Sox . Young singled to center . Monroe struck out swinging . Inge grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Spurling pitching for Tigers . Millar grounded out to second . Mueller flied out to right . Olerud at first base . Logan hit for McDonald . Mirabelli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Bradford pitching for Red Sox . Logan singled to left . Granderson singled to right , Logan to second . Logan stole third , Granderson stole second . Polanco hit sacrifice fly to center , Logan scored . Shelton grounded out to second , Granderson to third . Infante at shortstop . Walker pitching for Tigers . Renteria hit for Cora . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Renteria singled to left . Damon popped out to shortstop . Graffanino grounded out to pitcher , Renteria to second . Renteria at shortstop . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Ordonez flied out to center . Young singled to center . Monroe flied out to right . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 8 - Red Sox 9 .	Red Sox shake off call , top Tigers