White Sox - Top 1st . Douglass pitching for Tigers . Podsednik singled to right . Podsednik stole second . Iguchi struck out swinging . Pierzynski flied out to center . Konerko grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Granderson flied out to left . Polanco grounded out to second . Shelton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Douglass pitching for Tigers . Dye walked . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Dye safe at second on error by first baseman Shelton . Rowand sacrificed to catcher , Dye to third , Everett to second . Ozuna lined out to second . Uribe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Ordonez struck out swinging . Pena homered to left . Monroe struck out swinging . Inge flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Douglass pitching for Tigers . Podsednik singled to right center . Iguchi grounded out to shortstop , Podsednik to second . Pierzynski flied out to right . Konerko intentionally walked . Dye singled to left , Podsednik scored , Konerko to second . Everett grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Wilson flied out to center . McDonald grounded out to third . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Douglass pitching for Tigers . Rowand grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna reached on infield single to second . Uribe singled to right , Ozuna to third . Podsednik flied out to left . Iguchi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Polanco doubled to deep center . Shelton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco out at third . Ordonez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Shelton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Douglass pitching for Tigers . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Konerko singled to center . Dye singled to center , Konerko to second . Everett tripled to deep right center , Konerko and Dye scored . Rowand grounded out to third . Ozuna struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Pena struck out swinging . Monroe struck out swinging . Inge fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Douglass pitching for Tigers . Uribe safe at first on throwing error by shortstop McDonald . Podsednik singled to center , Uribe to third . Darensbourg pitching for Tigers . Iguchi grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Uribe scored , Podsednik out at second . Pierzynski flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Wilson struck out looking . McDonald grounded out to third . Woodyard pitching for Tigers . Granderson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Woodyard pitching for Tigers . Konerko grounded out to pitcher . Dye lined out to center . Everett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Polanco doubled to deep center . Shelton singled to left , Polanco to third . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco scored , Shelton out at second . Pena struck out swinging . Monroe reached on infield single to shortstop , Ordonez to second . Inge struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Woodyard pitching for Tigers . Rowand grounded out to third . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Uribe homered to left center . Podsednik singled to center . Podsednik stole second . Iguchi struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Guillen hit for McDonald . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Infante ran for Guillen . Guillen singled to left . Infante to second on wild pitch by Contreras . Granderson reached on infield single to second , Infante to third . Infante at shortstop . Walker pitching for Tigers . Polanco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Granderson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Dingman pitching for Tigers . Pierzynski singled to center . Konerko flied out to left . Dye flied out to left . Everett singled to right , Pierzynski to second . Rowand homered to left , Pierzynski and Everett scored . Ozuna singled to center . Karnuth pitching for Tigers . Uribe walked , Ozuna to second . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Podsednik flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Shelton flied out to right . Ordonez singled to right . Pena struck out swinging . Monroe reached on infield single to shortstop , Ordonez to second . Inge singled to left , Ordonez to third , Monroe to second . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 8 - Tigers 2 .	ChiSox rip Tigers , take 3 - game lead