Athletics - Top 1st . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Crisp struck out swinging . Jaso lined out to first . Smith struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Colon pitching for Athletics . Ellsbury flied out to left . Victorino flied out to left . Pedroia reached on infield single to pitcher . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Lowrie flied out to center . Moss singled to left . Donaldson walked , Moss to second . Reddick flied out to center . Young popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Colon pitching for Athletics . Nava flied out to center . Middlebrooks struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Sogard walked . Crisp singled to center , Sogard to second . Jaso walked , Sogard to third , Crisp to second . Smith walked , Sogard scored , Crisp to third , Jaso to second . Lowrie struck out looking . Moss singled to center , Crisp and Jaso scored , Smith to second . Smith to third , Moss to second on balk by Aceves . Donaldson hit sacrifice fly to center , Smith scored . Reddick reached on infield single to first , Moss scored , Reddick to second on throwing error by pitcher Aceves . Reddick to third on balk by Aceves . Young safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Middlebrooks , Reddick scored . Sogard grounded out to pitcher . 6 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Colon pitching for Athletics . Gomes lined out to shortstop . Drew flied out to center . Ellsbury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Crisp grounded out to second . Jaso doubled to left . Smith homered to right center ( 395 feet ) , Jaso scored . Lowrie singled to center . Wright pitching for Red Sox . Moss grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lowrie out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Colon pitching for Athletics . Victorino lined out to second . Pedroia grounded out to second . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Wright pitching for Red Sox . Donaldson reached on infield single to third . Reddick struck out looking . Young walked , Donaldson to second . Sogard walked , Donaldson to third , Young to second . Crisp doubled to deep left , Donaldson and Young scored , Sogard to third . Jaso singled to right , Sogard and Crisp scored . Jaso to second on passed ball by Saltalamacchia . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Jaso out at third . Lowrie flied out to center . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Colon pitching for Athletics . Nava grounded out to second . Middlebrooks flied out to right . Saltalamacchia singled to center . Gomes singled to right , Saltalamacchia to second . Drew popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Wright pitching for Red Sox . Moss walked . Donaldson walked , Moss to second . Reddick doubled to deep center , Moss scored , Donaldson to third . Young flied out to right . Sogard struck out looking . Wells hit for Crisp . Wells flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Wells in left field . Young in center field . Colon pitching for Athletics . Ellsbury walked . Victorino grounded out to second , Ellsbury to second . Pedroia grounded out to third , Ellsbury to third . Napoli popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Ciriaco at second base . Carp in left field . Nava at first base . Wright pitching for Red Sox . Jaso singled to left . Smith flied out to left . Lowrie struck out swinging . Moss singled to center , Jaso to second . Donaldson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Colon pitching for Athletics . Nava struck out swinging . Middlebrooks struck out looking . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 13 - Red Sox 0 .	A 's pound Red Sox in rain - shortened game