Blue Jays - Top 1st . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Davis flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to third . Bautista flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury grounded out to second . Victorino singled to right . Pedroia walked , Victorino to second . Ortiz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pedroia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Arencibia struck out swinging . DeRosa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . Nava walked . Saltalamacchia singled to right center , Nava to third . Middlebrooks grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Nava scored , Saltalamacchia safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Izturis . Drew grounded out to first , Saltalamacchia to third , Middlebrooks to second . Ellsbury grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie lined out to third . Rasmus struck out swinging . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Victorino walked . Pedroia flied out to right . Ortiz intentionally walked . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ortiz out at second , Victorino to third . Nava flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Davis grounded out to third . Cabrera flied out to left . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Middlebrooks doubled to left . Drew flied out to center . Ellsbury flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Arencibia popped out to third . DeRosa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Victorino walked . Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop , Victorino to second . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pedroia out at second , Victorino to third . Napoli grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie lined out to center . Rasmus flied out to right . Izturis doubled to left . Lind hit for Davis . Lind struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Nava grounded out to catcher . Saltalamacchia popped out to second . Middlebrooks doubled to deep right . Drew flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury singled to center . Victorino singled to shallow left , Ellsbury to second . Ellsbury to third , Victorino to second on wild pitch by Cecil . Pedroia singled to right , Ellsbury scored , Victorino to third . Ortiz struck out swinging . Storey pitching for Blue Jays . Napoli struck out swinging . Nava doubled to deep center , Victorino and Pedroia scored . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep right , Nava scored . Middlebrooks grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Arencibia flied out to left . DeRosa grounded out to third . Lawrie lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Storey pitching for Blue Jays . Drew struck out swinging . Ellsbury flied out to center . Victorino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Rasmus struck out looking . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Lind struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 0 - Red Sox 5 .	Lester holds Jays to one hit in shutout