Red Sox - Top 1st . Diamond pitching for Twins . Ellsbury singled to center . Gomes fouled out to second . Pedroia walked , Ellsbury to second . Ortiz homered to right ( 391 feet ) , Ellsbury and Pedroia scored . Napoli singled to left center . Nava grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Napoli out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Carroll struck out swinging . Mauer flied out to left . Morneau singled to left . Willingham popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Middlebrooks singled to left . Lavarnway grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Middlebrooks out at second . Ciriaco flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Doumit walked . Arcia walked , Doumit to second . Plouffe grounded out to third , Doumit to third , Arcia to second . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Doumit out at home . Florimon singled to center , Arcia scored , Hicks to third . Carroll walked , Florimon to second . Mauer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Ellsbury grounded out to second . Gomes walked . Pedroia reached on infield single to third , Gomes to second . Ortiz singled to right , Gomes scored , Pedroia to second . Napoli struck out swinging . Nava flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Morneau flied out to center . Willingham doubled to deep center . Doumit grounded out to pitcher , Willingham to third . Arcia walked . Plouffe walked , Arcia to second . Hicks flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Middlebrooks walked . Lavarnway lined out to center . Ciriaco flied out to right . Ellsbury grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Middlebrooks out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Florimon flied out to left . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Mauer doubled to deep left . Morneau singled to right , Mauer scored . Willingham flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Gomes doubled to deep left . Pedroia doubled to deep right , Gomes scored . Ortiz grounded out to shortstop , Pedroia to third . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Napoli walked . Nava hit sacrifice fly to left , Pedroia scored . Middlebrooks singled to center , Napoli to second . Lavarnway singled to left , Napoli to third , Middlebrooks to second , Middlebrooks thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Doumit doubled to deep right . Arcia grounded out to second , Doumit to third . Plouffe grounded out to shortstop , Doumit scored . Hicks walked . Hicks stole second . Florimon singled to right , Hicks scored . Florimon stole second . Carroll singled to right , Florimon scored . Mortensen pitching for Red Sox . Mauer singled to right center , Carroll to second . Morneau flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Ciriaco grounded out to shortstop . Ellsbury flied out to right . Gomes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Mortensen pitching for Red Sox . Willingham flied out to center . Doumit singled to deep right . Arcia walked , Doumit to second . Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Plouffe walked , Doumit to third , Arcia to second . Hicks popped out to second , Doumit tagged out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Pedroia walked . Ortiz homered to right ( 404 feet ) , Pedroia scored . Napoli walked . Fien pitching for Twins . Nava homered to right ( 394 feet ) , Napoli scored . Middlebrooks grounded out to third . Lavarnway struck out swinging . Ciriaco popped out to first . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Florimon grounded out to pitcher . Carroll singled to center . Mauer grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Carroll out at second . Morneau fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Pressly pitching for Twins . Ellsbury flied out to right . Gomes flied out to center . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Wilson pitching for Red Sox . Willingham struck out swinging . Doumit grounded out to pitcher . Arcia grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Pressly pitching for Twins . Ortiz walked . Napoli walked , Ortiz to second . Nava singled to center , Ortiz to third , Napoli to second . Middlebrooks struck out swinging . Lavarnway hit sacrifice fly to right , Ortiz scored . Ciriaco flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Wilson pitching for Red Sox . Plouffe singled to deep right . Hicks struck out swinging . Florimon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Plouffe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 12 - Twins 5 .	Ortiz hits two HRs to power Red Sox