Indians - Top 1st . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Bourn struck out looking . Kipnis singled to center . Cabrera flied out to left . Brantley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . McAllister pitching for Indians . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Nava doubled to deep right center . Pedroia popped out to second . Ortiz popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Santana reached on bunt single to third . Reynolds walked , Santana to second . Gomes struck out swinging . Aviles flied out to right . Stubbs doubled to right , Santana scored , Reynolds to third . Bourn grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Napoli singled to left . Saltalamacchia walked , Napoli to second . Middlebrooks struck out looking . Drew flied out to center , Napoli to third . Carp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Kipnis struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center . Brantley walked , Cabrera to second . Santana walked , Cabrera to third , Brantley to second . Reynolds singled to deep center , Cabrera and Brantley scored , Santana to second . Gomes walked , Santana to third , Reynolds to second . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santana scored , Gomes out at second , Reynolds to third . Stubbs struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Ellsbury reached on bunt single to third . Nava walked , Ellsbury to second . Pedroia singled to center , Ellsbury tagged out at home , Nava to second . Ortiz homered to right ( 446 feet ) , Nava and Pedroia scored . Napoli struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Mortensen pitching for Red Sox . Bourn doubled to deep left . Kipnis popped out to second . Cabrera singled to left , Bourn scored . Brantley flied out to center . Santana walked , Cabrera to second . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santana out at second , Cabrera to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Middlebrooks struck out looking . Drew grounded out to shortstop . Carp grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Mortensen pitching for Red Sox . Gomes flied out to left . Aviles reached on infield single to pitcher . Stubbs flied out to right . Aviles stole second . Bourn singled to right , Aviles scored . Kipnis flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Ellsbury struck out looking . Nava walked . Pedroia flied out to center . Nava to second on wild pitch by McAllister . Ortiz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Mortensen pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera walked . Brantley singled to center , Cabrera to second . Santana walked , Cabrera to third , Brantley to second . Wilson pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds singled to left center , Cabrera scored , Brantley to third , Santana to second . Gomes continues to bat after dropped foul ball by first baseman Napoli . Gomes doubled to left , Brantley and Santana scored , Reynolds to third . Aviles popped out to second . Stubbs tripled to deep center , Reynolds and Gomes scored . Bourn singled to right , Stubbs scored . Kipnis struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Allen pitching for Indians . Napoli struck out looking . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . Ciriaco flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Brantley lined out to shortstop . Santana walked . Reynolds singled to deep left , Santana to third . Gomes grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Barnes pitching for Indians . Drew flied out to center . Carp struck out swinging . Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . Stubbs doubled to left . Bourn grounded out to first , Stubbs to third . Phelps grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Barnes pitching for Indians . Nava singled to left . Pedroia struck out swinging . Lavarnway doubled to deep center , Nava to third . Napoli struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Miller pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera struck out swinging . Brantley struck out looking . Santana grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Barnes pitching for Indians . Ciriaco struck out swinging . Drew grounded out to second . Carp grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 12 - Red Sox 3 .	Francona wins in Fenway return