Blue Jays - Top 1st . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Reyes grounded out to third . Bautista walked . Bautista stole second . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bautista out at third , Encarnacion to second . Lind singled to left , Encarnacion scored . DeRosa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop . Victorino grounded out to first . Pedroia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Davis doubled to deep left center . Davis stole third . Rasmus struck out looking . Arencibia struck out swinging . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz grounded out to shortstop . Napoli struck out swinging . Nava walked . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Reyes fouled out to first . Bautista grounded out to second . Encarnacion lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Iglesias grounded out to shortstop . Diaz fouled out to first . Ellsbury reached on infield single to second . Victorino grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Lind reached on infield single to shortstop . DeRosa grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lind out at second . Davis walked . Davis caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Rasmus batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Pedroia doubled to deep left . Ortiz grounded out to third . Napoli struck out looking . Nava grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Rasmus singled to left center . Arencibia struck out swinging . Izturis struck out looking . Reyes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Saltalamacchia singled to right center . Iglesias lined out to third . Saltalamacchia to second on wild pitch by Rogers . Diaz lined out to center . Ellsbury flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Bautista homered to left ( 406 feet ) . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Lind struck out looking . DeRosa grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Victorino doubled to right . Pedroia singled to right , Victorino thrown out at home . Ortiz singled to center , Pedroia to second . Napoli struck out swinging . Nava struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Davis walked . Rasmus flied out to right . Wilson pitching for Red Sox . Davis stole second . Arencibia flied out to right . Izturis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Saltalamacchia singled to deep left . Iglesias reached on bunt single to second , Saltalamacchia to second , Saltalamacchia to third on throwing error by second baseman Izturis . Diaz bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Saltalamacchia out at home , Iglesias to second . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury singled to left , Iglesias to third , Diaz to second . Victorino singled to center , Iglesias and Diaz scored , Ellsbury to second . Pedroia flied out to right . Ortiz struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Reyes singled to left . Bautista homered to center ( 417 feet ) , Reyes scored . Encarnacion flied out to right . Lind tripled to deep center . Bonifacio hit for DeRosa . Bonifacio grounded out to first . Davis fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Bonifacio at second base . Izturis at third base . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Napoli struck out swinging . Nava struck out looking . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Rasmus grounded out to second . Arencibia safe at second on error by first baseman Napoli . Izturis struck out swinging . Reyes singled to shallow left , Arencibia scored . Bautista doubled to left , Reyes scored , Bautista thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Wagner pitching for Blue Jays . Iglesias grounded out to shortstop . Carp hit for Diaz . Carp walked . Ellsbury grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Carp out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - Red Sox 2 .	Bautista powers Jays past Red Sox