Red Sox - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Royals . Ellsbury lined out to shortstop . Victorino singled to center . Pedroia walked , Victorino to second . Ortiz fouled out to right , Victorino to third . Nava singled to right , Victorino scored , Pedroia to third . Napoli walked , Nava to second . Drew grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Peavy pitching for Red Sox . Lough grounded out to first . Hosmer lined out to second . Butler singled to center . Gordon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Royals . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first . Holt grounded out to shortstop . Ellsbury singled to shallow center . Ellsbury stole second . Victorino lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Peavy pitching for Red Sox . Maxwell homered to left center ( 421 feet ) . Moustakas flied out to right . Escobar singled to right . Kottaras walked , Escobar to second . Johnson flied out to center . Lough singled to center , Escobar scored , Kottaras to second . Hosmer popped out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Royals . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz homered to right ( 405 feet ) . Nava struck out swinging . Napoli hit by pitch . Drew singled to right , Napoli to third . Saltalamacchia doubled to right , Napoli scored , Drew to third . Holt grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Peavy pitching for Red Sox . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Gordon homered to right center ( 424 feet ) . Maxwell popped out to shortstop . Moustakas flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Royals . Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher . Victorino struck out swinging . Pedroia singled to center . Ortiz singled to right , Pedroia to second . Nava hit by pitch , Pedroia to third , Ortiz to second . Napoli doubled to deep right center , Pedroia , Ortiz and Nava scored . Bueno pitching for Royals . Drew popped out to catcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Peavy pitching for Red Sox . Escobar grounded out to second . Kottaras flied out to right . Johnson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Bueno pitching for Royals . Saltalamacchia singled to center . Holt flied out to center . Ellsbury grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Saltalamacchia out at second . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ellsbury out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Peavy pitching for Red Sox . Lough popped out to first . Hosmer singled to right center . Butler singled to left , Hosmer to second . Gordon lined into double play , first to shortstop , Hosmer doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Bueno pitching for Royals . Pedroia flied out to right . Ortiz grounded out to first . Nava grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Peavy pitching for Red Sox . Maxwell singled to left . Moustakas singled to left center , Maxwell to third . Escobar singled to right , Maxwell scored , Moustakas to second . Britton pitching for Red Sox . Kottaras walked , Moustakas to third , Escobar to second . Tejada hit for Johnson . Tejada fouled out to first . Lough hit sacrifice fly to right , Moustakas scored , Escobar to third , Kottaras to second . Hosmer singled to center , Escobar and Kottaras scored , Hosmer to second advancing on throw . Beato pitching for Red Sox . Butler doubled to deep center , Hosmer scored . Gordon walked . Maxwell singled to left , Butler scored , Gordon to second . Moustakas fouled out to second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Tejada at second base . Herrera pitching for Royals . Napoli singled to center . Drew struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia flied out to right . Holt lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Beato pitching for Red Sox . Escobar flied out to right . Kottaras reached on infield single to second . Tejada flied out to center . Lough struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Collins pitching for Royals . Ellsbury walked . Victorino walked , Ellsbury to second . Pedroia grounded into double play , third to second , Ellsbury out at third , Victorino out at second , Pedroia to first . Ortiz popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Hosmer singled to left . Butler grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hosmer out at second . Gordon singled to right . Gordon to second on wild pitch by Breslow . Maxwell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Holland pitching for Royals . Nava fouled out to third . Napoli struck out swinging . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 6 - Royals 9 .	Maxwell , red - hot Royals knock off Red Sox