Yankees - Top 1st . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Gardner singled to right . Nunez sacrificed to pitcher , Gardner to second . Gardner stole third . Cano walked . Soriano reached on infield single to shortstop , Gardner scored , Cano to second . Rodriguez lined into double play , third to second , Cano doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Ellsbury grounded out to first . Victorino flied out to right . Pedroia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Wells walked . Suzuki flied out to center . Reynolds homered to left ( 364 feet ) , Wells scored . Stewart flied out to right . Gardner grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Ortiz flied out to left . Gomes popped out to second . Drew grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Nunez reached on infield single to second . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nunez safe at second on error by shortstop Drew . Soriano homered to left center ( 409 feet ) , Nunez and Cano scored . Rodriguez singled to right . Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Doubront . Wells struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to second , Rodriguez to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Napoli popped out to second . Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop . Middlebrooks singled to center . Ellsbury grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Gardner struck out swinging . Nunez tripled to deep center . Cano singled to right , Nunez scored . Soriano struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Victorino grounded out to shortstop . Pedroia singled to shallow left , Pedroia to second on error by shortstop Nunez . Ortiz struck out swinging . Gomes singled to center , Pedroia scored . Gomes picked off first . Drew batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 5th . Rodriguez walked . De La Rosa pitching for Red Sox . Wells flied out to center . Suzuki struck out looking . Reynolds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Drew struck out looking . Napoli grounded out to second . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Red Sox . Stewart reached on infield single to pitcher , Stewart to second on throwing error by pitcher De La Rosa . Gardner singled to center , Stewart to third . Nunez grounded into double play , second to first , Gardner out at second . Cano popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Middlebrooks grounded out to third . Ellsbury struck out looking . Victorino popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Red Sox . Soriano hit by pitch . Rodriguez lined out to center . Granderson hit for Wells . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Soriano picked off first . Granderson walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Granderson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Pedroia safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Nunez . Ortiz singled to left , Pedroia scored , Ortiz thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Gomes grounded out to third . Drew doubled to center . Napoli walked . Saltalamacchia singled to center , Drew scored , Napoli to second . Kelley pitching for Yankees . Carp hit for Middlebrooks . Carp struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Holt at third base . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds flied out to right . Stewart lined out to left . Gardner safe at first on error by second baseman Pedroia . Nunez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Ellsbury singled to center . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ellsbury out at second . Pedroia singled to left , Victorino to second . Ortiz lined into double play , third to shortstop , Victorino doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Britton pitching for Red Sox . Nava in right field . Cano struck out swinging . Soriano singled to right . Rodriguez singled to center , Soriano to second . Granderson struck out swinging . Soriano stole third , Rodriguez stole second . Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher , Soriano scored , Rodriguez to third . Reynolds singled to left , Rodriguez scored , Suzuki to second . Stewart singled to right , Suzuki scored , Reynolds to second , Reynolds to third advancing on throw . Gardner struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Gomes flied out to center . Drew singled to right . Napoli doubled to left , Drew to third . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . Holt walked . Huff pitching for Yankees . Ellsbury grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 10 - Red Sox 3 .	Yankees ' Soriano ties RBI mark