Cardinals - Top 1st . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Carpenter grounded out to shortstop . Beltran struck out swinging . Holliday singled to center . Craig popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Ellsbury walked . Victorino lined out to left . Pedroia singled to center , Ellsbury to second . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ellsbury to third , Pedroia safe at second on error by shortstop Kozma . Napoli doubled to deep center , Ellsbury , Pedroia and Ortiz scored . Gomes grounded out to first , Napoli to third . Bogaerts struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Molina struck out looking . Freese struck out looking . Adams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Drew reached on infield single to catcher . Ross singled to center , Drew to second . Ellsbury flied out to left . Victorino safe at first on error by shortstop Kozma , Drew to third , Ross to second . Pedroia singled to shallow left , Drew scored , Ross to third , Victorino to second . Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to right , Ross scored , Victorino to third . Napoli grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Robinson grounded out to shortstop . Kozma popped out to first . Carpenter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Jay in center field . Robinson in right field . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Gomes fouled out to first . Bogaerts lined out to shortstop . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Jay walked . Holliday struck out swinging . Craig singled to center , Jay to second . Molina singled to left center , Jay to third , Craig to second . Freese grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Jay out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Ross struck out swinging . Ellsbury struck out looking . Victorino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Adams lined out to left . Robinson singled to left . Kozma flied out to right . Carpenter singled to left , Robinson to second , Robinson to third , Carpenter to second on error by left fielder Gomes . Jay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Pedroia flied out to right . Ortiz singled to center . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ortiz out at second . Gomes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Napoli out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Holliday flied out to right . Craig struck out looking . Molina popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Axford pitching for Cardinals . Bogaerts struck out looking . Drew struck out swinging . Ross struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Freese struck out swinging . Adams grounded out to third . Robinson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Choate pitching for Cardinals . Ellsbury grounded out to second . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Victorino lined out to first . Pedroia safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Freese . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Ortiz homered to right center ( 408 feet ) , Pedroia scored . Napoli flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 8th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Kozma grounded out to shortstop . Carpenter flied out to center . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Jay struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Nava hit for Gomes . Nava doubled to left . Nava to third on wild pitch by Martinez . Bogaerts hit sacrifice fly to left , Nava scored . Drew grounded out to first . Ross flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Nava in left field . Dempster pitching for Red Sox . Holliday homered to left center ( 430 feet ) . Craig flied out to right . Molina popped out to second . Freese singled to right . Adams struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 1 - Red Sox 8 .	Red Sox rout Cards to open Series