Red Sox - Top 1st . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Ellsbury struck out looking . Victorino grounded out to pitcher . Pedroia grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Peavy pitching for Red Sox . Carpenter singled to right . Beltran sacrificed to pitcher , Carpenter to second . Holliday singled to right , Carpenter scored . Adams singled to right , Holliday to second . Molina singled to left , Holliday scored , Adams to second . Freese lined out to right . Jay grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Ortiz grounded out to first . Nava grounded out to second . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Peavy pitching for Red Sox . Kozma popped out to second . Kelly struck out swinging . Carpenter popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Drew struck out swinging . Peavy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Peavy pitching for Red Sox . Beltran struck out swinging . Holliday safe at first on error by center fielder Ellsbury , Holliday tagged out at first trying to advance , second baseman to first . Adams struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 4th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Ellsbury singled to right . Victorino fouled out to first . Pedroia flied out to center . Ortiz walked , Ellsbury to second . Nava struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Peavy pitching for Red Sox . Molina singled to center . Freese walked , Molina to second . Jay singled to center , Molina to third , Freese to second . Kozma struck out looking . Kelly popped out to second . Carpenter popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Bogaerts tripled to deep right center . Saltalamacchia walked . Drew struck out swinging . Carp hit for Peavy . Carp grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bogaerts scored , Saltalamacchia out at second . Ellsbury struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Beltran flied out to center . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Adams doubled to right . Molina intentionally walked . Freese flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Victorino walked . Pedroia lined out to third . Choate pitching for Cardinals . Ortiz singled to right , Victorino to third . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Nava singled to left , Victorino scored , Ortiz to second . Bogaerts grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Nava out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Jay bunt grounded out to second . Kozma flied out to left . Robinson hit for Maness . Robinson popped out to second . Robinson hit for Maness . Robinson popped out to second . Robinson hit for Maness . Robinson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Middlebrooks hit for Drew . Middlebrooks flied out to center . Gomes hit for Doubront . Gomes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Bogaerts at shortstop . Middlebrooks at third base . Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Carpenter reached on infield single to shortstop . Beltran hit by pitch , Carpenter to second . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Holliday doubled to left , Carpenter and Beltran scored , Holliday to third advancing on throw . Adams struck out swinging . Molina struck out swinging . Freese walked . Descalso ran for Freese . Jay flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Descalso at third base . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Ellsbury singled to center . Victorino hit by pitch , Ellsbury to second . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop , Ellsbury to third , Victorino to second . Ortiz intentionally walked . Carpenter at third base . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Wong at second base . Nava grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ellsbury scored , Ortiz out at second , Victorino to third . Bogaerts singled to shallow center , Victorino scored , Nava to third . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Kozma flied out to left . Wong singled to right . Carpenter popped out to shortstop . Wong stole second . Beltran intentionally walked . Holliday flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Middlebrooks struck out swinging . Workman struck out looking . Ellsbury grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Adams struck out swinging . Molina singled to right . Craig hit for Rosenthal . Uehara pitching for Red Sox . Craig doubled to left , Molina to third . Jay grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Molina out at home . Craig scored , Jay to first on interference error by third baseman Middlebrooks . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Red Sox 4 - Cardinals 5 .	Cards lead 2 - 1 after obstruction call