Cubs - Top 1st. Walters pitching for Twins. Johnson flied out to left. Castro tripled to deep right. DeJesus hit sacrifice fly to center, Castro scored. Soriano homered to center (448 feet). LaHair singled to right. Mather popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Cubs. Revere reached on infield single to third. Carroll lined out to third. Willingham flied out to right. Revere stole second. Morneau walked. Doumit grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morneau out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Walters pitching for Twins. Clevenger grounded out to shortstop. Barney flied out to right. Stewart grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Cubs. Parmelee reached on infield single to third. Plouffe walked, Parmelee to second. Dozier flied out to center, Parmelee to third. Mastroianni singled to left center, Parmelee scored, Plouffe to second. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mastroianni out at second, Plouffe to third. Carroll flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Walters pitching for Twins. Johnson singled to center. Castro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. DeJesus fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Cubs. Willingham walked. Morneau flied out to left. Doumit grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Willingham out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Walters pitching for Twins. Soriano reached on infield single to shortstop. LaHair walked, Soriano to second. Mather struck out swinging. Clevenger struck out looking. Barney popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Parmelee struck out looking. Plouffe homered to left center (407 feet). Dozier struck out looking. Mastroianni bunt grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Walters pitching for Twins. Stewart tripled to deep right. Johnson singled to center, Stewart scored. Castro homered to left (357 feet), Johnson scored. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. Soriano flied out to center. LaHair grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Revere singled to center. Carroll doubled to right, Revere scored, Carroll out at third. Willingham popped out to first. Morneau struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Mather grounded out to third. Clevenger grounded out to first. Barney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Wells pitching for Cubs. Doumit singled to deep right, Doumit out stretching at second. Parmelee struck out swinging. Plouffe doubled to left. Dozier singled to right center, Plouffe scored. Mastroianni tripled to deep center, Dozier scored. Revere walked. Asencio pitching for Cubs. Revere stole second. Carroll flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Stewart reached on infield single to second. Johnson popped out to second. Castro flied into double play, left to shortstop to first, Stewart doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Asencio pitching for Cubs. Willingham struck out swinging. Russell pitching for Cubs. Morneau flied out to right. Doumit homered to left center (389 feet). Parmelee walked. Plouffe safe at first on error by third baseman Stewart, Parmelee to second. Casilla ran for Plouffe. Dozier popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 8th. Carroll at third base. Casilla at second base. Perkins pitching for Twins. DeJesus singled to center. Soriano homered to left (418 feet), DeJesus scored. LaHair struck out swinging. Mather singled to right. Clevenger flied out to left. Burnett pitching for Twins. Barney grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Russell pitching for Cubs. Mastroianni struck out swinging. Revere reached on bunt single to catcher. Carroll grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Revere out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Johnson flied out to right. Castro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Campana in center field. Mather in left field. Camp pitching for Cubs. Willingham singled to deep left. Morneau tripled to deep right center, Willingham scored. Span ran for Morneau. Doumit struck out swinging. Parmelee intentionally walked. Casilla grounded into fielder's choice to second, Span out at home, Parmelee to second. Dozier flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 10th. Capps pitching for Twins. DeJesus singled to right center. Soriano flied out to right. LaHair flied out to left. Mather reached on infield single to pitcher, DeJesus to second. Clevenger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 10th. Camp pitching for Cubs. Mastroianni walked. Revere sacrificed to catcher, Mastroianni to second. Carroll reached on infield single to pitcher, Mastroianni to third. Campana in right field. DeJesus in center field. Willingham singled to left, Mastroianni scored, Carroll to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 7 - Twins 8.	Twins outlast Cubs on Willingham's RBI in 10th