Red Sox - Top 1st. Maholm pitching for Cubs. Podsednik singled to center. Pedroia doubled to deep center, Podsednik scored. Youkilis flied out to right, Pedroia to third. Ortiz singled to right, Pedroia scored. Aviles flied out to center. McDonald flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Johnson doubled to deep left. Barney popped out to shortstop. Castro tripled to deep right center, Johnson scored. Soriano struck out swinging. Baker grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Maholm pitching for Cubs. Shoppach struck out looking. Kalish struck out swinging. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Mather struck out swinging. Castillo struck out looking. Valbuena flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Maholm pitching for Cubs. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia singled to left. Youkilis struck out swinging. Pedroia caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Maholm struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Barney singled to center. Castro doubled to right, Barney scored. Soriano grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Maholm pitching for Cubs. Ortiz homered to center (424 feet). Aviles struck out swinging. McDonald grounded out to third. Shoppach struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Baker struck out swinging. Mather struck out looking. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Maholm pitching for Cubs. Kalish grounded out to shortstop. Morales singled to center. Podsednik grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Morales out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Nava in left field. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Valbuena struck out swinging. Maholm struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Maholm pitching for Cubs. Pedroia flied out to right. Youkilis walked. Ortiz popped out to third. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Youkilis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Albers pitching for Red Sox. Barney safe at first on error by third baseman Youkilis. Castro reached on infield single to catcher, Barney to second. Soriano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castro out at second, Barney to third. Baker grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Barney scored, Soriano safe at second on error by shortstop Aviles. Mather grounded out to pitcher, Soriano to third, Baker to second. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Johnson in center field. Camp pitching for Cubs. DeJesus in right field. McDonald doubled to deep left center. Saltalamacchia hit for Shoppach. Saltalamacchia singled to right, McDonald to third, Saltalamacchia to second advancing on throw. Russell pitching for Cubs. Kalish singled to center, McDonald scored, Saltalamacchia to third. Middlebrooks hit for Albers. Middlebrooks hit sacrifice fly to center, Saltalamacchia scored, Kalish to third on throwing error by catcher Castillo. Nava sacrificed to pitcher, Kalish scored. Pedroia popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Saltalamacchia catching. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Valbuena walked. Valbuena out at second on runner's fielder's choice. DeJesus flied out to left. Melancon pitching for Red Sox. Johnson hit by pitch. Barney grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Asencio pitching for Cubs. Youkilis singled to left. Ortiz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Youkilis out at second. Aviles walked, Ortiz to second. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz to third, Aviles safe at second on error by shortstop Castro. Saltalamacchia grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ortiz scored, McDonald out at second, Aviles to third. Kalish flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Punto at third base. Castro lined out to right. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. Clevenger hit for Baker. Clevenger grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Clevenger at first base. Asencio pitching for Cubs. Punto singled to center. Nava singled to right, Punto to second. Pedroia flied out to left. Gonzalez hit for Atchison. Gonzalez struck out swinging, Punto stole third, Nava stole second. Ortiz intentionally walked. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Gonzalez at first base. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Campana hit for Asencio. Campana singled to left. Castillo singled to left, Campana to second. Valbuena singled to right center, Campana to third, Castillo to second. DeJesus hit sacrifice fly to center, Campana scored, Castillo to third. Johnson struck out looking. Barney popped out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 7 - Cubs 4.	Morales shines, K's 9 in Red Sox win