Cubs - Top 1st. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. DeJesus singled to left center. Castro singled to left center, DeJesus to second. LaHair struck out swinging. Soriano flied out to right. Valbuena popped out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Maholm pitching for Cubs. Bloomquist grounded out to second. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Upton walked. Kubel hit ground rule double to deep right, Upton to third. Goldschmidt popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Soto flied out to right. Clevenger lined out to third. Cardenas singled to deep center. Maholm grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cardenas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Maholm pitching for Cubs. Montero grounded out to first. Young doubled to deep center. Roberts popped out to second, Young to third. Kennedy walked. Bloomquist reached on bunt single to pitcher, Kennedy to second. Hill lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. DeJesus doubled to deep left. Castro grounded out to shortstop. LaHair flied out to right. DeJesus to third on passed ball by Montero. Soriano hit by pitch. Valbuena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Maholm pitching for Cubs. Upton homered to left center. (402 feet). Kubel grounded out to second. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Montero hit by pitch. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Montero out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Soto fouled out to catcher. Clevenger flied out to center. Cardenas singled to deep right center. Maholm homered to right, Cardenas scored. (390 feet). DeJesus singled to deep right. Castro singled to deep center, DeJesus to third. LaHair grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castro out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Maholm pitching for Cubs. Roberts singled to left center. Roberts stole second. Kennedy walked. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kennedy out at second, Roberts to third. Hill safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Valbuena, Roberts scored, Bloomquist to second. Upton singled to center, Bloomquist scored, Hill to third, Upton to second advancing on throw. Kubel singled to right, Hill and Upton scored. Goldschmidt tripled to deep right, Kubel scored. Montero singled to center, Goldschmidt scored. Asencio pitching for Cubs. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Montero out at second. Roberts flied out to right. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 5th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Soriano singled to left. Valbuena flied out to center. Soto walked, Soriano to second. Clevenger doubled to deep right center, Soriano and Soto scored. Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks. Cardenas struck out swinging. Baker hit for Asencio. Baker singled to center, Clevenger scored. DeJesus struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Coleman pitching for Cubs. Breslow flied out to left. Bloomquist doubled to deep center. Hill fouled out to third. Upton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks. Castro reached on infield single to third. LaHair flied out to center. Soriano struck out swinging. Valbuena grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Maine pitching for Cubs. Kubel struck out swinging. Goldschmidt homered to right center. (440 feet). Montero struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks. Soto grounded out to third. Clevenger grounded out to second. Barney hit for Cardenas. Barney grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Barney at second base. Maine pitching for Cubs. Roberts flied out to center. Bell hit for Zagurski. Bell struck out swinging. Bloomquist doubled to deep left. Hill singled to left, Bloomquist scored. Upton hit by pitch, Hill to second. Kubel flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Campana hit for Maine. Campana struck out swinging. DeJesus singled to deep center. Castro singled to center, DeJesus to second. LaHair grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Marmol pitching for Cubs. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right. Montero singled to left center, Goldschmidt scored. Young struck out swinging. Camp pitching for Cubs. Roberts singled to center, Montero to second. Overbay hit for Shaw. Overbay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Roberts out at second, Montero to third. McDonald hit for Bloomquist. McDonald struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. McDonald at shortstop. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. Valbuena flied out to left. Soto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 5 - Diamondbacks 10.	Goldschmidt, Upton power D-backs past Cubs