Cubs - Top 1st. Latos pitching for Reds. DeJesus struck out swinging. Barney grounded out to pitcher. Valbuena walked. Soriano grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Volstad pitching for Cubs. Cozart singled to right. Stubbs flied out to right. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cozart out at second. Ludwick walked, Phillips to second. Phillips stole third. Bruce singled to right center, Phillips scored, Ludwick to third. Frazier grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Latos pitching for Reds. Castro fouled out to first. LaHair struck out looking. Jackson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Volstad pitching for Cubs. Valdez lined out to first. Hanigan singled to center. Latos struck out swinging. Cozart grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hanigan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Latos pitching for Reds. Clevenger walked. Volstad sacrificed to catcher, Clevenger to second. DeJesus hit ground rule double to deep center, Clevenger scored. Barney struck out looking. Valbuena flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Volstad pitching for Cubs. Stubbs struck out swinging. Phillips lined out to first. Ludwick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Latos pitching for Reds. Soriano singled to left center. Castro lined out to right. Soriano caught stealing second, pitcher to shortstop. LaHair flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Volstad pitching for Cubs. Bruce reached on infield single to pitcher. Frazier singled to left center, Bruce to third. Valdez singled to center, Bruce scored, Frazier to third, Valdez to second advancing on throw. Hanigan hit sacrifice fly to right, Frazier scored, Valdez to third. Latos singled to right, Valdez scored. Cozart flied out to left. Stubbs flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Latos pitching for Reds. Jackson struck out looking. Clevenger grounded out to second. Volstad struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Volstad pitching for Cubs. Phillips struck out swinging. Ludwick struck out looking. Bruce grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Latos pitching for Reds. DeJesus singled to right. Barney grounded into fielder's choice to third, DeJesus safe at second on error by third baseman Valdez. Valbuena reached on infield single to shortstop, DeJesus to third, Barney to second. Soriano hit sacrifice fly to center, DeJesus scored. Castro singled to center, Barney scored, Valbuena to second. LaHair grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castro out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 6th. Volstad pitching for Cubs. Frazier lined out to third. Valdez grounded out to pitcher. Hanigan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Latos pitching for Reds. Jackson walked. Clevenger bunted into double play, third to shortstop to first, Jackson out at second. Rizzo hit for Volstad. Rizzo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Bowden pitching for Cubs. Latos grounded out to shortstop. Cozart singled to right. Stubbs grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cozart out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Latos pitching for Reds. DeJesus reached on infield single to shortstop. Barney struck out swinging. Valbuena safe at second on error by right fielder Bruce, DeJesus to third. Soriano grounded out to third, DeJesus scored. Castro safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cozart, Valbuena advanced to third on Cozart throwing error, Valbuena out at home in rundown. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Bowden pitching for Cubs. Phillips grounded out to pitcher. Ludwick walked. Beliveau pitching for Cubs. Bruce struck out swinging. Frazier lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Chapman pitching for Reds. LaHair struck out swinging. Jackson doubled to deep left center. Jackson caught stealing third, catcher to third. Clevenger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 9th. Camp pitching for Cubs. Paul hit for Valdez. Paul tripled to deep right. Hanigan singled to deep center, Paul scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 4 - Reds 5.	Reds save best for 9th against Cubs