Cubs - Top 1st. Burnett pitching for Pirates. DeJesus popped out to third. Valbuena walked. Rizzo grounded into fielder's choice to first, Valbuena safe at second on error by second baseman Holt. Soriano singled to shallow center, Valbuena scored, Rizzo to second. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Soriano out at second, Rizzo to third. Clevenger grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Castro out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Cubs. Holt struck out looking. Marte grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Jackson grounded out to second. Barney grounded out to pitcher. Wood struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Cubs. Jones grounded out to second. Sanchez walked. Alvarez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. DeJesus grounded out to second. Valbuena grounded out to first. Rizzo singled to shallow left. Soriano singled to left, Rizzo to second, Rizzo to third, Soriano to second on throwing error by left fielder Marte. Castro singled to left, Rizzo and Soriano scored, Castro to second on error by left fielder Marte. Clevenger singled to center, Castro scored. Jackson struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Cubs. Barajas struck out swinging. Harrison flied out to center. Burnett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Barney reached on infield single to pitcher. Wood flied out to left. DeJesus popped out to shortstop. Valbuena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Holt struck out swinging. Marte struck out swinging. McCutchen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Rizzo grounded out to second. Soriano lined out to center. Castro singled to left. Castro stole second. Clevenger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Jones flied out to left. Sanchez flied out to left. Alvarez doubled to deep center. Barajas flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop. Jackson to second on wild pitch by Burnett. Barney grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jackson to third. Wood grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Barney safe at second on throwing error by catcher Barajas. DeJesus grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jackson scored on throwing error by first baseman Sanchez, Barney to third, Wood to second. Wilson pitching for Pirates. McKenry catching. Valbuena doubled to deep center, Barney and Wood scored, DeJesus to third. Rizzo walked. Leroux pitching for Pirates. Soriano struck out swinging. Castro flied out to right. Clevenger struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Harrison popped out to first. McKenry walked. Holt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McKenry out at second. Marte walked, Holt to second. McCutchen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Campana hit for Jackson. Leroux pitching for Pirates. Campana safe at first on error by shortstop Harrison. Campana to second on wild pitch by Leroux. Barney flied out to right. Wood grounded out to third. DeJesus safe at first on error by second baseman Holt, Campana to third. Takahashi pitching for Pirates. Valbuena walked, DeJesus to second. Rizzo walked, Campana scored, DeJesus to third, Valbuena to second. Soriano singled to left, DeJesus and Valbuena scored, Rizzo to second. Sappelt ran for Soriano. Castro doubled to deep right center, Rizzo and Sappelt scored. Clevenger flied out to left. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Cabrera pitching for Cubs. Sappelt in left field. Campana in center field. Mather in right field. Jones flied out to center. Sanchez struck out swinging. Alvarez walked. Clement hit for Takahashi. Clement grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Marte in center field. Presley in left field. McPherson pitching for Pirates. Campana reached on infield single to shortstop. Barney grounded into double play, third to second to first, Campana out at second. Mather struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Russell pitching for Cubs. Harrison singled to shallow center. McKenry doubled to left, Harrison scored. Holt reached on infield single to first, McKenry to third. Marte hit sacrifice fly to center, McKenry scored. Presley struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Cardenas hit for Russell. McPherson pitching for Pirates. Cardenas flied out to center. Valbuena grounded out to second. LaHair hit for Rizzo. LaHair grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Marmol pitching for Cubs. LaHair at first base. Sanchez walked. Alvarez grounded out to pitcher, Sanchez to second. Mercer hit for McPherson. Mercer struck out swinging. Harrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 12 - Pirates 2.	Cubs cruise to win as Pirates make 7 errors