Cubs - Top 1st. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. DeJesus doubled to deep right center. Barney popped out to second. Rizzo doubled to deep left, DeJesus scored. Soriano flied out to center. Castro singled to left center, Rizzo to third. Valbuena flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Rusin pitching for Cubs. Pollock singled to center. Elmore flied out to right. Hill walked, Pollock to second. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pollock out at third, Hill to second. Kubel walked, Hill to third, Upton to second. Ransom reached on infield single to third, Hill scored, Upton to third, Kubel to second, Upton scored, Kubel to third, Ransom to second on error by catcher Recker. Jacobs flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 2nd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Jackson flied out to center. Recker fouled out to catcher. Rusin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Rusin pitching for Cubs. Nieves grounded out to third. Collmenter lined out to center. Pollock singled to left. Elmore bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. DeJesus flied out to center. Barney lined out to right. Rizzo doubled to deep center. Rizzo picked off second. Soriano batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Rusin pitching for Cubs. Hill popped out to third. Upton popped out to first. Kubel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Soriano struck out swinging. Castro singled to right. Valbuena grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Rusin pitching for Cubs. Ransom grounded out to second. Jacobs struck out looking. Nieves lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Jackson grounded out to first. Recker singled to left. Rusin bunted into fielder's choice to third, Recker out at second. DeJesus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Graham hit for Collmenter. Rusin pitching for Cubs. Graham struck out looking. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Elmore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Barney grounded out to second. Rizzo singled to left center. Soriano singled to left, Rizzo to second. Castro safe at first on error by first baseman Jacobs, Rizzo to third, Soriano to second. Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks. Valbuena struck out swinging. Sappelt hit for Jackson. Albers pitching for Diamondbacks. Sappelt reached on infield single to first, Rizzo scored, Soriano to third, Castro to second. Recker hit by pitch, Soriano scored, Castro to third, Sappelt to second. LaHair hit for Rusin. LaHair singled to deep right, Castro and Sappelt scored, LaHair out at second, Recker to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. DeJesus in center field. Sappelt in right field. Bowden pitching for Cubs. Hill lined out to right. Upton singled to center. Kubel flied out to right. Ransom struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks. DeJesus safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Bergesen. Barney grounded out to second. Rizzo grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, DeJesus out at home. Soriano safe at first on error by third baseman Ransom, Rizzo scored. Castro grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Russell pitching for Cubs. Jacobs singled to right. Nieves struck out swinging. Young hit for Bergesen. Young struck out swinging. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jacobs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Lindstrom pitching for Diamondbacks. Valbuena flied out to center. Sappelt walked. Recker grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sappelt out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Camp pitching for Cubs. Elmore grounded out to third. Hill singled to left. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hill safe at second on error by shortstop Castro. Kubel grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Upton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 9th. Saito pitching for Diamondbacks. Cardenas hit for Camp. Cardenas fouled out to third. DeJesus homered to right (408 feet). Barney grounded out to shortstop. Rizzo struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. DeJesus in right field. Campana in center field. Sappelt in left field. Marmol pitching for Cubs. Wheeler hit for Ransom. Wheeler walked. Jacobs struck out swinging. Wheeler to second on fielder's indifference. Nieves struck out swinging. Parra hit for Saito. Parra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 7 - Diamondbacks 2.	Cubs snap 7-game skid, put away D-backs