Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Jones flied out to right. Marte grounded out to third. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon singled to center. Story struck out swinging. Arenado struck out looking. Reynolds struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Peralta walked. Walker doubled to left, Peralta to third. Flores doubled to left, Peralta scored and Walker scored. Ahmed struck out swinging. Kelly grounded out to shortstop, Flores to third. Ray struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Dahl struck out swinging. Desmond lined out to first. Iannetta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Jones doubled to center. Marte homered to center (442 feet), Jones scored. Escobar singled to left. Peralta popped out to shortstop. Walker struck out swinging. Flores grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Escobar out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Hampson walked. Anderson bunted into double play, third to shortstop to second, Hampson out at second. Blackmon popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Ahmed flied out to right. Kelly grounded out to first. Ray struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Story flied out to right. Arenado doubled to deep right center. Reynolds walked. Dahl grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reynolds safe at second on error by shortstop Ahmed, Arenado to third. Arenado scored, Desmond safe at first on error by third baseman Escobar, Dahl to second, Reynolds to third. Iannetta singled to deep center, Dahl scored and Reynolds scored, Desmond to second. Hampson singled to center, Dahl scored and Desmond scored, Iannetta to third. Anderson struck out looking. Blackmon flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Jones homered to left (441 feet). Marte singled to center. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Escobar homered to center (433 feet), Marte scored. Peralta struck out swinging. Walker grounded out to third. Flores grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Story struck out looking. Arenado doubled to left. Reynolds grounded out to third, Arenado to third. Dahl grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Kelly flied out to right. Ray grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond walked. Iannetta grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Desmond out at second. Hampson reached on infield single to shortstop. McMahon hit for Shaw. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. McMahon homered to right center (453 feet), Hampson scored. Blackmon grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Oh pitching for Rockies. McMahon at second base. Jones singled to center. Marte homered to center (442 feet), Jones scored. Escobar popped out to shortstop. Peralta grounded out to first. Walker struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. López pitching for Diamondbacks. Story grounded out to shortstop. Arenado grounded out to third. Reynolds flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Flores reached on infield single to third. Locastro ran for Flores. Locastro to second on passed ball by Iannetta. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop, Locastro to third. Kelly grounded into fielder's choice to second, Locastro scored. Swihart hit for López. Swihart struck out looking. Jones popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Marte at second base. Locastro in center field. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Dahl struck out swinging. Desmond safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Walker. Iannetta struck out swinging. Tapia hit for Bettis. Tapia lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Musgrave pitching for Rockies. Marte flied out to center. Escobar singled to right. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Escobar out at second. Walker walked, Peralta to second. Locastro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Walker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. McMahon singled to left. Blackmon homered to right center (413 feet), McMahon scored. Holland pitching for Diamondbacks. Story walked. Arenado singled to right, Story to third. Murphy hit for Reynolds. Murphy walked, Arenado to second. Dahl grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Story scored, Murphy out at second, Arenado to third. Dahl stole second. Desmond struck out swinging. Iannetta struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 10 - Rockies 9.	Marte homers from both sides, Diamondbacks beat Rockies 10-9