Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Dyson struck out looking. Marte flied out to left. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon doubled to left. Story flied out to right, Blackmon to third. Murphy hit sacrifice fly to right, Blackmon scored. Arenado singled to right. Dahl struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Escobar homered to left (371 feet). Walker struck out swinging. Vargas grounded out to pitcher. Swihart walked. Murphy struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Tapia flied out to left. McMahon struck out looking. Wolters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Greinke grounded out to first. Dyson singled to center. Dyson stole second. Marte walked. Peralta doubled to second, Dyson scored and Dyson scored, Peralta to second, Marte to third. Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center, Marte scored, Peralta to third. Walker lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Márquez lined out to shortstop. Blackmon grounded out to first. Story grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Vargas singled to left. Swihart grounded into fielder's choice to second, Vargas out at second. Swihart to second on wild pitch by Márquez. Murphy struck out swinging. Greinke flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. Arenado lined out to shortstop. Dahl singled to shallow left center. Tapia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Dyson singled to deep right. Marte struck out swinging. Dyson stole second. Peralta struck out looking. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. McMahon singled to left. Wolters doubled to left, McMahon to third. Márquez singled to shallow center, McMahon scored on throwing error by center fielder Dyson and Wolters scored, Márquez safe at second on throwing error by center fielder Dyson. Blackmon grounded out to first, Márquez to third. Story struck out swinging. Murphy fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Walker singled to center. Vargas grounded out to first, Walker to second. Swihart homered to right (404 feet), Walker scored. Murphy struck out swinging. Greinke grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado lined out to right. Dahl grounded out to first. Tapia grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Dyson struck out swinging. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Peralta singled to center. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. McMahon flied out to center. Wolters bunt grounded out to pitcher. Desmond hit for Estévez. Desmond walked. Blackmon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Walker doubled to deep center. Vargas bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Walker out at third. Swihart singled to right center, Vargas to third. Murphy grounded out to pitcher, Vargas scored, Swihart to second. Flores hit for McFarland. Flores singled to right, Swihart scored. Dyson grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Ahmed at shortstop. Marte in center field. Ahmed at shortstop. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Story singled to right. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Story safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Escobar. Arenado singled to left, Murphy to second, Story to third. Dahl walked, Story scored, Arenado to second, Murphy to third. Tapia tripled to deep left center, Murphy scored, Arenado scored and Dahl scored. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. McMahon singled to center, Tapia scored. Wolters sacrificed to pitcher, McMahon to second. Reynolds hit for Oberg. López pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds grounded into double play, third to first, McMahon out at third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Davis pitching for Rockies. Marte safe at first on error by pitcher Davis. Peralta flied out to left. Escobar lined out to right. Walker grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 7 - Rockies 8.	Tapia hits bases-loaded triple to lift Rox over D'backs 8-7