Pirates - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Frazier grounded out to second. Marte grounded out to second. Polanco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Archer pitching for Pirates. Dyson walked. Dyson stole second. Escobar walked. Peralta fouled out to third. Jones walked, Escobar to second, Dyson to third. Marte singled to right, Dyson scored, Jones to second, Escobar to third. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Escobar scored, Walker safe at first on error by third baseman Moran, Marte safe at second on error by third baseman Moran, Jones to third. Ahmed hit sacrifice fly to right, Jones scored, Marte to third. Murphy struck out looking. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Bell doubled to right center. Cabrera grounded out to first, Bell to third. Moran struck out looking. Cervelli grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Archer pitching for Pirates. Greinke struck out looking. Dyson struck out looking. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Tucker lined out to center. Archer lined out to right. Frazier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Archer pitching for Pirates. Peralta grounded out to first. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Marte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte singled to left. Polanco grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Marte out at second. Bell singled to center. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Archer pitching for Pirates. Walker popped out to shortstop. Ahmed struck out swinging. Murphy doubled to left. Greinke walked, Murphy to third on wild pitch by Archer. Greinke stole second. Dyson singled to right center, Murphy scored and Greinke scored. Dyson stole second. Escobar homered to right (390 feet), Dyson scored. DuRapau pitching for Pirates. Peralta grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Moran singled to center. Cervelli fouled out to right. Tucker grounded into fielder's choice to first, Moran out at second. Elmore hit for DuRapau. Elmore flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Jones homered to left (366 feet). Marte struck out looking. Walker struck out swinging. Ahmed doubled to center. Murphy struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Swihart in left field. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Frazier grounded out to second. Marte struck out swinging. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Greinke struck out swinging. Dyson grounded out to shortstop. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Bell flied out to center. Cabrera popped out to third. Moran grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Swihart struck out swinging. Jones reached on infield single to catcher. Marte singled to left center, Jones to second. Walker flied out to center. Ahmed struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Cervelli struck out looking. Tucker struck out looking. Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks. Stratton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Murphy struck out swinging. Kelly hit for Hirano. Kelly flied out to center. Dyson singled to right center. Escobar doubled to deep left, Dyson scored. Swihart homered to right center (409 feet), Escobar scored. Jones grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Kelly at third base. Frazier singled to center. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Frazier out at second. Polanco walked, Marte to second. Bell struck out swinging. López pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera singled to center, Marte scored, Polanco to second. Moran grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 1 - Diamondbacks 11.	Greinke stars, then exits with trainer, D-backs rout Pirates