Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Pomeranz pitching for Giants. Marte flied out to left. Vargas homered to left (374 feet). Escobar struck out swinging. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop. Walker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Panik lined out to center. Solano doubled to deep left. Austin homered to center (421 feet), Solano scored. Longoria lined out to center. Pillar singled to center. Duggar walked, Pillar to second. Williamson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Pomeranz pitching for Giants. Ahmed singled to center. Kelly walked, Ahmed to second. Locastro struck out swinging. Ray struck out swinging. Marte singled to center, Ahmed scored, Kelly to third. Vargas singled to right, Kelly scored, Marte to third. Escobar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Vogt doubled to left. Pomeranz struck out swinging. Panik grounded out to pitcher, Vogt to third. Solano flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Pomeranz pitching for Giants. Jones reached on infield single to catcher. Walker struck out swinging. Ahmed singled to left center, Jones to second. Kelly flied out to right. Locastro hit by pitch, Ahmed to second, Jones to third. Ray singled to center, Ahmed scored and Jones scored, Locastro to second. Gott pitching for Giants. Marte grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Austin struck out swinging. Longoria struck out swinging. Pillar popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Gott pitching for Giants. Vargas struck out looking. Escobar singled to left. Jones reached on infield single to third, Escobar to second. Walker walked, Jones to second, Escobar to third. Ahmed walked, Escobar scored, Walker to second, Jones to third. Vincent pitching for Giants. Kelly popped out to shortstop. Locastro singled to left, Jones scored and Walker scored, Ahmed to second. Ray grounded out to catcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Duggar struck out looking. Williamson fouled out to third. Vogt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Vincent pitching for Giants. Marte singled to right. Vargas singled to right center, Marte to second. Escobar lined out to center. Jones homered to center (419 feet), Marte scored and Vargas scored. Walker struck out looking. Ahmed singled to center. Kelly struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Vincent struck out looking. Panik lined out to right. Solano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Vincent pitching for Giants. Locastro hit by pitch. Ray lined out to center. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to second, Locastro out at second. Vargas singled to left, Marte to second. Escobar homered to right (374 feet), Marte scored and Vargas scored. Jones popped out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Austin struck out swinging. Longoria walked. Pillar singled to right, Longoria to second. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Swihart in right field. Duggar fouled out to third. Williamson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Holland pitching for Giants. Sandoval at third base. Walker struck out swinging. Ahmed flied out to center. Kelly singled to deep right. Locastro hit by pitch, Kelly to second. Swihart grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kelly scored, Locastro to second, Swihart safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Solano, Locastro safe at third on throwing error by shor. Marte homered to left (387 feet), Locastro scored and Swihart scored. Vargas singled to center. Escobar fouled out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 7th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Vogt lined out to second. Sandoval singled to right. Panik flied out to left. Solano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Holland pitching for Giants. Cron struck out swinging. Godley struck out looking. Ahmed doubled to right. Kelly grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Austin grounded out to shortstop. Holland grounded out to first. Pillar hit by pitch. Duggar grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Holland pitching for Giants. Locastro popped out to third. Swihart flied out to right. Marte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Williamson struck out swinging. Vogt grounded out to shortstop. Sandoval doubled to deep center. Panik flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 18 - Giants 2.	D-backs bust slump with 18-2 rout after meeting