Giants - Top 1st. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Panik flied out to right. Yastrzemski struck out swinging. Sandoval doubled to deep center. Belt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Samardzija pitching for Giants. Dyson flied out to right. Marte tripled to deep right. Peralta walked. Jones struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Vogt doubled to deep left center. Pillar homered to left center (432 feet), Vogt scored. Dickerson singled to left center. Crawford grounded out to second, Dickerson to second. Samardzija struck out swinging. Panik lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Samardzija pitching for Giants. Walker flied out to left. Ahmed grounded out to third. Kelly fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Yastrzemski grounded out to shortstop. Sandoval hit by pitch. Belt walked, Sandoval to second. Vogt fouled out to third. Pillar walked, Belt to second, Sandoval to third. Dickerson homered to center (458 feet), Sandoval scored, Belt scored and Pillar scored. Crawford doubled to shallow left. Samardzija struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Samardzija pitching for Giants. Clarke grounded out to third. Dyson singled to center. Dyson stole second. Dyson stole second. Marte singled to center, Dyson scored. Vargas ran for Marte. Peralta struck out looking. Jones hit by pitch, Vargas to second. Escobar flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Vargas at second base. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Panik singled to right. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Yastrzemski lined out to third. Longoria hit for Sandoval. Longoria grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Panik out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Longoria at third base. Samardzija pitching for Giants. Walker singled to center. Ahmed homered to right center (387 feet), Walker scored. Kelly doubled to deep center. McFarland sacrificed to first, Kelly to third. Dyson grounded out to first. Vargas singled to right, Kelly scored. Peralta singled to right, Vargas to second. Jones singled to center, Vargas scored and Peralta scored, Jones thrown out at second. Jones out at first on runner's fielder's choice. Jeff Samardzija pitches to Eduardo Escobar. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt grounded out to pitcher. Vogt struck out swinging. Pillar grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Samardzija pitching for Giants. Escobar flied out to left. Walker popped out to second. Ahmed struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. Samardzija grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Samardzija pitching for Giants. Kelly struck out swinging. McFarland struck out swinging. Dyson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Panik walked. Yastrzemski singled to right, Panik to second. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Longoria flied out to right, Yastrzemski to second, Panik to third. Belt intentionally walked. Vogt struck out swinging. Pillar singled to right, Panik scored and Yastrzemski scored, Belt to second. Dickerson tripled to deep left, Belt scored and Pillar scored. Crawford grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Moronta pitching for Giants. Vargas walked. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to first, Vargas out at second. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Austin hit for Moronta. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Austin grounded out to third. Panik grounded out to second. Yastrzemski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Watson pitching for Giants. Escobar lined out to third. Walker struck out swinging. Ahmed grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Longoria walked. Belt grounded into fielder's choice to first, Longoria out at second in rundown. Vogt doubled to deep center, Belt scored. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. Dickerson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Rodríguez pitching for Giants. Kelly doubled to deep left center. Cron hit for Bradley. Cron struck out swinging. Dyson walked. Vargas safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford, Dyson to second, Kelly to third. Smith pitching for Giants. Peralta struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Giants 11 - Diamondbacks 5.	Dickerson has 6 RBIs in Giants' 11-5 win over Diamondbacks