Dodgers - Top 1st. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Pederson grounded out to second. Verdugo grounded out to second. Beaty lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Dyson reached on bunt single to third. Dyson stole second. Locastro reached on infield single to first, Dyson to third. Locastro stole second. Dyson scored on error by first baseman Pederson, Peralta safe at first on error by first baseman Pederson, Locastro safe at third on error by first baseman Pederson. Escobar homered to right (365 feet), Locastro scored and Peralta scored. Lamb grounded out to shortstop. Vargas grounded out to shortstop. Ahmed struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Bellinger walked. Bellinger to second on wild pitch by Clarke. Muncy grounded out to second, Bellinger to third. Taylor hit sacrifice fly to center, Bellinger scored. Hernández walked. Martin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Joseph safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Taylor. Clarke bunted into fielder's choice to first, Joseph out at second. Dyson doubled to right, Clarke to third. Locastro hit sacrifice fly to left, Clarke scored, Dyson to third. Peralta flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonsolin singled to center. Pederson struck out swinging. Verdugo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gonsolin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Escobar grounded out to second. Lamb struck out swinging. Vargas grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Beaty grounded out to third. Bellinger homered to center (427 feet). Muncy grounded out to first. Taylor safe at first on error by first baseman Lamb. Hernández fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Ahmed struck out swinging. Joseph doubled to left. Clarke flied out to center, Joseph to third. Dyson singled to right, Joseph scored. Dyson stole second. Locastro grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin flied out to center. Gonsolin flied out to center. Pederson doubled to left. Verdugo walked. Beaty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Ferguson pitching for Dodgers. Peralta safe at first on error by first baseman Pederson. Escobar singled to center, Peralta to third. Escobar stole second. Lamb struck out swinging. Vargas doubled to center, Escobar scored and Peralta scored. Ahmed walked. Joseph flied out to right. Marte hit for Clarke. Marte reached on infield single to shortstop, Ahmed to second, Vargas to third. Dyson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 6th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Bellinger grounded out to first. Muncy grounded out to shortstop. Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks. Taylor singled to center. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. García pitching for Dodgers. Garlick in right field. Locastro struck out swinging. Peralta flied out to center. Escobar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin struck out swinging. Garlick popped out to second. Pederson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Chargois pitching for Dodgers. Lamb struck out swinging. Vargas grounded out to first. Ahmed flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks. Verdugo grounded out to pitcher. Beaty doubled to deep left. Barnes hit for Chargois. Barnes walked. Muncy grounded into double play, second to first, Barnes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Barnes catching. Russell Martin pitching for Dodgers. Joseph fouled out to shortstop. Walker hit for Crichton. Walker struck out swinging. Dyson popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Taylor struck out swinging. Hernández fouled out to shortstop. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 2 - Diamondbacks 8.	Escobar, Dyson power Diamondbacks past Dodgers , 8-2