Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Giants. Jones grounded out to second. Dyson lined out to first. Marte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt grounded out to shortstop. Yastrzemski struck out swinging. Posey flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Giants. Peralta doubled to right. Escobar flied out to right, Peralta to third. Lamb lined out to pitcher. Ahmed struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Sandoval flied out to left. Dickerson homered to right (424 feet). Crawford doubled to left. Pillar grounded out to third. Panik flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Giants. Kelly flied out to right. Kelly grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Anderson grounded out to second. Belt walked. Yastrzemski bunt grounded out to third, Belt to second. Posey doubled to deep right, Belt scored and Belt scored. Sandoval fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Giants. Dyson singled to right. Marte popped out to shortstop. Peralta walked, Dyson to second. Escobar flied out to left. Lamb singled to left center, Dyson scored, Peralta to third. Ahmed struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson flied out to center. Crawford reached on infield single to second. Pillar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Giants. Kelly doubled to deep right. Kelly bunt grounded out to pitcher. Jones struck out swinging. Dyson reached on infield single to second, Kelly to third. Marte grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Panik singled to deep right. Anderson struck out looking. Belt flied out to right. Yastrzemski singled to center, Panik to second. Posey singled to right, Panik scored on throwing error by right fielder Jones, Posey safe at second on throwing error by right fielder Jones, Yastrzemski to third. Sandoval flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Giants. Peralta lined out to center. Escobar doubled to right. Lamb lined out to center, Escobar to third. Ahmed singled to deep center, Escobar scored. Moronta pitching for Giants. Kelly reached on infield single to first, Ahmed to second. Vargas hit for Kelly. Vargas struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson grounded out to second. Crawford doubled to center. Pillar intentionally walked. Pillar to second on wild pitch by McFarland, Crawford to third on wild pitch by McFarland. Panik walked. Austin hit for Moronta. Austin grounded out to first, Crawford scored, Panik to second, Pillar to third. Belt grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Dyson pitching for Giants. Jones flied out to right. Dyson lined out to right. Marte flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Yastrzemski singled to left. Posey singled to right, Yastrzemski to second. Sandoval sacrificed to catcher, Posey to second, Yastrzemski to third. Dickerson singled to right, Yastrzemski scored, Posey to third. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Dickerson out at second, Posey out at third. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey scored on Andriese wild pitch, Crawford to second on wild pitch by Andriese. Pillar grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Watson pitching for Giants. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Escobar singled to right center. Walker hit for Lamb. Walker fouled out to first. Ahmed grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Walker at first base. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Panik flied out to left. Vogt hit for Watson. Vogt doubled to first. Belt lined out to left. Yastrzemski fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Smith pitching for Giants. Kelly singled to deep center. Locastro hit for Godley. Locastro walked, Kelly to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, Locastro out at second, Kelly to third. Dyson singled to center, Kelly scored, Jones to second. Marte struck out swinging. Peralta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Giants 6.	Posey breaks out of slump in Giants' 6-3 win over D-Backs