Brewers - Top 1st. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Cain lined out to first. Yelich walked. Grandal lined out to third. Moustakas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Dyson grounded out to shortstop. Marte doubled to deep right. Escobar grounded out to first, Marte to third. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Braun singled to left. Thames doubled to right, Braun to third. Hiura singled to left center, Braun scored and Thames scored. Arcia flied out to right. Hiura caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Chacín fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Jones doubled to left. Lamb grounded out to second, Jones to third. Ahmed hit sacrifice fly to left, Jones scored. Avila struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Cain homered to left (387 feet). Yelich singled to left, Yelich thrown out at second. Grandal grounded out to second. Moustakas walked. Braun reached on infield single to shortstop, Moustakas to second. Thames lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Clarke struck out swinging. Dyson singled to right. Marte doubled to deep right, Dyson scored. Escobar tripled to deep right, Marte scored. Walker homered to left (386 feet), Escobar scored. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop. Lamb walked, Jones to second. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Ahmed grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lamb safe at second on error by second baseman Hiura, Jones to third. Jones scored on Guerra wild pitch, Ahmed to second on wild pitch by Guerra, Lamb to third on wild pitch by Guerra. Avila intentionally walked. Clarke grounded out to shortstop, Lamb scored, Avila to second, Ahmed to third. Dyson grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Hiura doubled to left. Arcia grounded out to shortstop, Hiura to third. Gamel hit for Guerra. Gamel grounded out to second, Hiura scored. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Cain flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Jackson pitching for Brewers. Marte struck out swinging. Escobar homered to right (388 feet). Walker walked. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Walker out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Yelich walked. Grandal singled to left, Yelich to second. Moustakas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Grandal out at second, Yelich to third. Braun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Jackson pitching for Brewers. Lamb walked. Ahmed struck out swinging. Avila doubled to deep center, Lamb to third. Flores hit for Bradley. Flores walked. Dyson singled to right, Lamb scored, Flores to second, Avila to third. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to first, Avila scored, Dyson out at second, Flores to third. Escobar grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks. Thames struck out looking. Hiura struck out swinging. Arcia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Saladino at shortstop. Walker struck out swinging. Jones walked. Lamb walked, Jones to second. Ahmed flied out to right. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Escobar at third base. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Vargas at second base. Saladino singled to right center. Cain grounded out to pitcher, Saladino to third. Yelich homered to center (459 feet), Saladino scored. Grandal doubled to deep center. Moustakas doubled to deep center, Grandal scored. López pitching for Diamondbacks. Braun fouled out to right, Moustakas to third. Thames struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Vargas flied out to left. Dyson flied out to left. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Dyson in center field. Locastro in left field. Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks. Hiura flied out to right. Aguilar hit for Smith. Aguilar flied out to center. Saladino grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Albers pitching for Brewers. Escobar flied out to left. Walker walked. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Walker out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Holland pitching for Diamondbacks. Cain struck out swinging. Yelich grounded out to first. Grandal grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 7 - Diamondbacks 10.	First natural cycle in team history lifts D-backs