Rockies - Top 1st. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Tapia struck out swinging. Story doubled to left. Arenado grounded out to second, Story to third. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Marte struck out swinging. Peralta grounded out to first. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond grounded out to second. McMahon lined out to right. Daza grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Walker grounded out to third. Flores flied out to right. Jones grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Wolters lined out to center. Freeland struck out swinging. Tapia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Ahmed homered to left center (409 feet). Kelly grounded out to second. Young grounded out to shortstop. Marte struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Story singled to left. Arenado homered to center (392 feet), Story scored. Murphy lined out to first. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. McMahon grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Peralta doubled to right. Escobar safe at first on error by second baseman McMahon. Walker singled to center, Escobar to second, Peralta to third. Flores lined out to shortstop. Jones singled to center, Peralta scored, Walker to second, Escobar to third. Ahmed hit sacrifice fly to center, Escobar scored, Walker to third. Kelly intentionally walked, Jones to second. Young grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 5th. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Daza lined out to right. Wolters grounded out to first. Freeland walked. Tapia singled to shallow left, Freeland to second. Story singled to center, Freeland scored, Tapia to second. Arenado flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Marte grounded out to third. Peralta singled to right. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at second. Walker lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Murphy hit ground rule double to right. Desmond singled to left center, Murphy to third. McMahon struck out swinging. Daza grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Desmond out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Flores flied out to center. Jones safe at second on error by third baseman Arenado. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Hampson in center field. Ahmed walked. Kelly walked, Ahmed to second, Jones to third. Lamb hit for Young. Lamb singled to center, Ahmed scored and Jones scored, Kelly to third. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kelly scored, Lamb out at second. Peralta singled to right center, Marte to second. Escobar tripled to right, Marte scored and Peralta scored. Almonte pitching for Rockies. Walker struck out looking. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 7th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Lamb at first base. Wolters safe at first on error by second baseman Flores. Hampson singled to right, Wolters to second. Tapia reached on infield single to first, Hampson to second, Wolters to third. López pitching for Diamondbacks. Story singled to right, Wolters scored, Tapia to second, Hampson to third. Arenado grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hampson scored, Story out at second, Tapia to third. Murphy doubled to left, Tapia scored. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Almonte pitching for Rockies. Flores walked. Dyson ran for Flores. Jones fouled out to first. Ahmed struck out swinging, Dyson caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Marte at second base. Dyson in center field. Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks. McMahon singled to right. Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks. Alonso hit for Almonte. Alonso grounded into double play, second to third to first, McMahon out at second. Wolters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Johnson pitching for Rockies. Kelly grounded out to third. Lamb struck out swinging. Marte singled to deep center. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon hit for Hampson. Blackmon doubled to deep left. Tapia grounded out to second, Blackmon to third. Story hit sacrifice fly to right, Blackmon scored. Arenado popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 7 - Diamondbacks 8.	Lamb, Escobar deliver big hits, D-backs beat Rockies 8-7