Cardinals - Top 1st. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Edman singled to right. Edman to second on pickoff error by pitcher Kelly. Martínez struck out swinging. Ravelo struck out looking. Wieters grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Locastro doubled to right. Almonte walked. Flores doubled to deep left, Almonte scored and Locastro scored. Lamb struck out swinging. Cron singled to left center, Flores to third. Rojas struck out swinging. Ahmed struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. O'Neill struck out swinging. Arozarena reached on infield single to shortstop. Muñoz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Arozarena out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Joseph grounded out to third. Kelly lined out to first. Locastro singled to left center. Mayers pitching for Cardinals. Locastro stole second. Almonte walked. Flores flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Sosa walked. Mayers struck out swinging. Edman singled to center, Sosa to second. Martínez doubled to deep center, Edman scored and Sosa scored. Ravelo lined out to center. Wieters flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Mayers pitching for Cardinals. Lamb struck out swinging. Cron lined out to right. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. O'Neill walked. Arozarena grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, O'Neill out at second. Arozarena stole second. Muñoz singled to left, Arozarena to third. Arozarena scored. Sosa singled to center, Muñoz to second. Carpenter hit for Mayers. Carpenter lined out to right. Edman flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Ahmed struck out looking. Joseph struck out swinging. Kelly struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Martínez tripled to right. Jones in right field. Ravelo hit sacrifice fly to center, Martínez scored. Wieters grounded out to pitcher. O'Neill struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Locastro popped out to second. Jones walked. Flores singled to right center, Jones thrown out at third. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Arozarena in left field. Bader in center field. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Arozarena homered to left (389 feet). Muñoz grounded out to shortstop. Sosa struck out swinging. Bader struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Cron safe at first on error by third baseman Edman. Cron to second on wild pitch by Cabrera. Rojas walked. Ahmed hit ground rule double to deep right, Cron scored, Rojas to third. Fernandez pitching for Cardinals. Leyba hit for Joseph. Leyba walked. Walker hit for Kelly. Rojas scored on Fernandez wild pitch, Leyba to second on wild pitch by Fernandez, Ahmed to third on wild pitch by Fernandez. Walker grounded out to shortstop. Locastro grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ahmed scored and Leyba scored on error by catcher Wieters, Locastro safe at third on error by catcher Wieters. Jones singled to center, Locastro scored. Flores homered to left (380 feet), Jones scored. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Lamb grounded out to second. Cron flied out to center. 7 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Avila catching. López pitching for Diamondbacks. Leyba at second base. Walker at first base. Edman struck out swinging. Martínez struck out swinging. Ravelo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Leyba struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Wieters flied out to right. Knizner hit for Webb. Knizner grounded out to second. Arozarena safe at first on error by second baseman Leyba. Muñoz walked, Arozarena to second. Sosa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Leone pitching for Cardinals. Walker struck out swinging. Locastro lined out to center. Jones walked. Avila walked, Jones to second. Lamb lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks. Vargas at third base. Bader struck out swinging. Edman hit by pitch. Martínez singled to deep left, Edman to third. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Ravelo walked, Martínez to second. Wieters singled to right center, Edman scored and Martínez scored, Ravelo to second. Fowler ran for Wieters. Goldschmidt hit for Leone. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, third to second to first, Fowler out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Diamondbacks 9.	Cardinals' rally falls short in 9th, Diamondbacks win 9-7