Rockies - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Miles grounded out to third. Clayton grounded out to second. Helton popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Womack grounded out to first. Sanders struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Castilla homered to center. Burnitz lined out to center. Johnson walked. Pellow grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Edmonds grounded out to second. Rolen reached on infield single to second. Renteria doubled to deep right, Rolen scored. Anderson singled to right center, Renteria scored. Anderson stole second. Matheny flied out to center, Anderson to third. Williams safe at first on error by second baseman Miles, Anderson scored. Womack grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Williams out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop. Jennings bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Holliday out at second. Miles grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jennings out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Sanders grounded out to shortstop. Pujols singled to center. Pujols caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Edmonds walked. Rolen popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Clayton popped out to first. Helton homered to right. Castilla flied out to left. Burnitz flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Renteria struck out looking. Anderson grounded out to first. Matheny hit ground rule double to deep center. Williams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Johnson flied out to center. Pellow hit by pitch. Holliday singled to right, Pellow to third. Jennings singled to right, Pellow scored, Holliday to second. Miles lined into double play, to first, Jennings doubled off first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Womack grounded out to first. Sanders doubled to left. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Edmonds popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Clayton singled to left. Helton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Clayton out at second. Castilla grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helton out at second. Burnitz walked, Castilla to second. Johnson walked, Castilla to third, Burnitz to second. Pellow doubled to deep left, Castilla, Burnitz and Johnson scored. King pitching for Cardinals. Holliday doubled to deep center, Pellow scored. Hocking in left field. Jennings fouled out to catcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Rolen grounded out to third. Renteria singled to shallow left. Anderson homered to right, Renteria scored. Hart hit for King. Matheny struck out swinging. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Hart grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Miles popped out to second. Clayton popped out to second. Reed pitching for Rockies. Helton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Reed pitching for Rockies. Womack grounded out to third. Sanders singled to center. Lincoln pitching for Cardinals. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sanders out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Lincoln pitching for Cardinals. Castilla grounded out to third. Burnitz flied out to center. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Edmonds struck out swinging. Rolen fouled out to catcher. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Renteria flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Pellow singled to center. Sweeney hit for Fuentes. Hocking sacrificed to third, Pellow to second. Sweeney struck out swinging. Miles singled to center, Pellow scored. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Clayton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. Lankford hit for Isringhausen. Matheny singled to right. Lankford struck out swinging. Womack doubled to right, Matheny to third. Sanders walked. Pujols flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 8 - Cardinals 5.	Cards fall as Rockies end three-game skid