Phillies - Top 1st. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Glanville walked. Glanville stole second. Polanco walked. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to first, Polanco out at second, Glanville to third. Thome singled to right, Glanville scored, Abreu to third. Burrell grounded into fielder's choice to first, Abreu out at home, Thome to second. Lieberthal flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Myers pitching for Phillies. Anderson flied out to center. Lankford walked. Pujols singled to left, Lankford to second. Edmonds fouled out to shortstop. Rolen hit by pitch, Lankford to third, Pujols to second. Renteria singled to shallow right center, Lankford and Pujols scored, Rolen to second. Sanders grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Bell grounded out to shortstop. Rollins flied out to left. Myers walked. Glanville lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Matheny lined out to second. Marquis flied out to left. Anderson doubled to deep center. Lankford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Polanco hit by pitch. Abreu struck out swinging. Thome singled to right, Polanco to second. Burrell grounded into fielder's choice to third, Polanco out at third, Thome to second. Lieberthal singled to center, Thome tagged out at home, Burrell to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Pujols grounded out to third. Edmonds doubled to left. Rolen reached on infield single to shortstop, Edmonds to third. Renteria grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Rolen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Bell grounded out to second. Rollins flied out to left. Myers grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Sanders flied out to center. Matheny flied out to center. Marquis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Glanville singled to center. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to second, Glanville out at second. Abreu walked, Polanco to second. Thome flied out to left. Burrell doubled to left, Polanco and Abreu scored. Lieberthal flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Anderson singled to center. Lankford singled to right, Anderson to third. Madson pitching for Phillies. Pujols singled to right, Anderson scored, Lankford to second. Edmonds struck out swinging. Rolen popped out to third. Renteria flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Bell grounded out to shortstop. Rollins walked. Madson struck out swinging. Rollins caught stealing second, catcher to second. Glanville batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Sanders reached on infield single to third. Sanders caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Porter hit for Marquis. Matheny grounded out to second. Lincoln pitching for Cardinals. Porter grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Lincoln pitching for Cardinals. Glanville struck out swinging. Polanco grounded out to second. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Anderson flied out to center. Lankford struck out looking. Taguchi in left field. Pujols grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Lincoln pitching for Cardinals. Thome grounded out to shortstop. Burrell flied out to center. Lieberthal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Edmonds lined out to shortstop. Rolen grounded out to third. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Lincoln pitching for Cardinals. Bell hit ground rule double to left. Ledee hit for Madson. Byrd ran for Bell. Rollins sacrificed to pitcher, Bell to third. Ledee hit for Madson. Byrd ran for Bell. Madson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Byrd scored. Glanville walked, Ledee to second. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Polanco walked, Ledee to third, Glanville to second. Abreu struck out looking. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Thome singled to right, Ledee and Glanville scored, Polanco to third. Perez at third base. Wagner pitching for Phillies. Burrell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Wagner pitching for Phillies. Sanders flied out to right. Luna hit for Tavarez. Matheny struck out looking. Luna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 6 - Cardinals 3.	Phillies take flight with Byrd's run in ninth