Marlins - Top 1st. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Castillo popped out to shortstop. Lowell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Womack flied out to right. Lankford homered to right. Pujols flied out to right. Rolen grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera hit ground rule double to left. Choi walked. Conine flied out to center, Cabrera to third. Redmond grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop, Cabrera scored, Choi out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Edmonds doubled to right. Anderson singled to right, Edmonds to third. Luna singled to center, Edmonds scored, Anderson to second. Matheny singled to center, Anderson scored, Luna to third. Marquis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Luna out at home, Matheny to second. Womack grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Marquis out at second. Lankford flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez flied out to right. Beckett grounded out to shortstop. Pierre lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Pujols walked. Rolen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pujols out at second. Edmonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. Lowell grounded out to third. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Anderson struck out swinging. Luna flied out to center. Matheny struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Choi flied out to left. Conine singled to center. Redmond grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Conine out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Marquis grounded out to shortstop. Womack singled to center. Lankford grounded into double play, second to first, Womack out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Beckett struck out swinging. Pierre grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Pujols walked. Rolen singled to right, Pujols to third. Edmonds doubled to left, Pujols scored, Rolen to third. Anderson hit sacrifice fly to center, Rolen scored, Edmonds to third. Luna singled to right, Edmonds scored. Matheny struck out looking. Taguchi in right field. Marquis struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Castillo walked. Lowell reached on infield single to shortstop, Castillo to second. Cabrera flied out to center. Choi grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lowell out at second, Castillo to third. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Easley at second base. Conine grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Choi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Womack grounded out to shortstop. Lankford struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Redmond flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Easley singled to left. Harris hit for Phelps. King pitching for Cardinals. Cordero hit for Harris. Pierre singled to shallow left, Easley to second. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Porter in left field. Cordero singled to deep left, Easley scored, Pierre to third. Borland pitching for Marlins. Lowell popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Borland pitching for Marlins. Rolen struck out looking. Edmonds grounded out to second. St Louis's King ejected by Crawford in the 9th. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera flied out to left. Choi popped out to first. Conine singled to left. Conine to second on fielder's indifference. Redmond doubled to deep center, Conine scored. Gonzalez popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 3 - Cardinals 6.	Cardinals rough up Beckett, win fourth of five