Marlins - Top 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. Lowell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Oliver pitching for Marlins. Womack lined out to third. Sanders flied out to left. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera singled to left. Choi struck out looking. Conine grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cabrera to second. Redmond grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Conine out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Oliver pitching for Marlins. Rolen walked. Edmonds flied out to left. Renteria grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rolen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez struck out looking. Oliver grounded out to shortstop. Pierre grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Oliver pitching for Marlins. Lankford grounded out to second. Matheny popped out to shortstop. Carpenter popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Lowell struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Oliver pitching for Marlins. Womack reached on infield single to second. Sanders walked, Womack to second. Pujols singled to left, Womack scored, Sanders to second. Sanders stole third, Pujols stole second. Rolen struck out swinging. Edmonds hit sacrifice fly to center, Sanders scored, Pujols to third. Renteria singled to center, Pujols scored. Lankford grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Choi grounded out to third. Conine safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols. Redmond flied out to center. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Oliver pitching for Marlins. Matheny singled to left. Carpenter grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Matheny safe at second on error by catcher Redmond. Bump pitching for Marlins. Easley at shortstop. Womack sacrificed to third, Matheny to third, Carpenter to second. Sanders struck out looking. Pujols intentionally walked. Rolen popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Easley walked. Pierre grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Easley out at second. Castillo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Edmonds walked. Renteria flied out to center. Lankford singled to left center, Edmonds to third. Matheny singled to left, Edmonds scored, Lankford to second. Carpenter sacrificed to third, Lankford to third, Matheny to second. Womack grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Lowell singled to center. Cabrera struck out looking. Choi walked, Lowell to second. Conine grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Choi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Sanders grounded out to shortstop. Pujols grounded out to pitcher. Rolen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Harris hit for Bump. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Redmond grounded out to shortstop. Harris singled to center. Easley singled to center, Harris to second. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to first, Easley out at second, Harris to third. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Castillo walked, Pierre to second. Perisho pitching for Marlins. Lowell flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Perisho pitching for Marlins. Edmonds struck out swinging. Renteria flied out to center. Lankford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera singled to right. Choi struck out looking. Conine grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 0 - Cardinals 4.	Carpenter builds solid foundation for Cards' win