Cardinals - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Womack flied out to left. Renteria struck out swinging. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Walker grounded out to second. Barrett grounded out to shortstop. Alou lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Rolen lined out to shortstop. Edmonds walked. Sanders popped out to second. Mabry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez walked. Hollandsworth flied out to left. Lee doubled to deep left center, Ramirez to third. Patterson intentionally walked. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center, Ramirez scored. Zambrano safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Renteria, Lee advanced to third on play, Patterson to second, Lee tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Molina struck out looking. Haren struck out looking. Womack grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Walker flied out to center. Barrett grounded out to third. Alou flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Renteria struck out looking. Anderson grounded out to second. Rolen walked. Edmonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez singled to center. Hollandsworth singled to right, Ramirez to third, Hollandsworth to second advancing on throw. Lee grounded out to third, Ramirez scored, Hollandsworth to third. Patterson walked. Patterson out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Martinez singled to right center, Hollandsworth scored. Zambrano singled to center, Martinez to third. Walker singled to right, Martinez scored, Zambrano to third. Barrett reached on infield single to shortstop, Zambrano scored, Walker to second. Alou homered to center, Walker and Barrett scored. Ramirez doubled to deep center. Hollandsworth singled to center, Ramirez scored. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Lee homered to left, Hollandsworth scored. Patterson singled to center. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Patterson out at second. 10 Runs, 11 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Sanders walked. Mabry homered to left, Sanders scored. Molina singled to center. Eldred grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Molina out at second. Womack reached on infield single to shortstop. Lankford in center field. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Womack out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Zambrano grounded out to second. Walker homered to left center. Barrett grounded out to shortstop. Alou struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. McKay hit for Rolen. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Anderson singled to right. McKay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Anderson out at second. McKay at third base. Lankford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez singled to center. Hollandsworth grounded out to first, Ramirez to second. Lee lined out to right. Patterson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Sanders flied out to right. Mabry walked. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mabry out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Martinez walked. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno in right field. Zambrano struck out swinging. Walker doubled to deep right, Martinez to third. Kelton hit for Alou. Barrett grounded out to shortstop. Kelton in left field. Macias at third base. Dubois in right field. Kelton fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Cedeno lined out to left. Luna hit for Renteria. Womack doubled to deep right. Luna flied out to right. Luna at shortstop. Anderson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Macias struck out swinging. Dubois struck out swinging. Beltran pitching for Cubs. Lee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Beltran pitching for Cubs. McKay struck out swinging. Williams hit for Tavarez. Lankford homered to center. Williams flied out to right. Mabry struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Cubs 12.	Cubs rap modern team record 11 hits in 4th