Athletics - Top 1st. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Byrnes hit by pitch. McLemore singled to right, Byrnes to third. Kotsay struck out swinging. Dye hit sacrifice fly to center, Byrnes scored. Hatteberg reached on infield single to shortstop, McLemore to second. Crosby struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. Cedeno grounded out to second. Pujols singled to left. Rolen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Melhuse flied out to center. Scutaro singled to left. Hudson struck out bunting foul. Byrnes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Edmonds walked. Mabry reached on infield single to third, Edmonds to second. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to third, Edmonds out at third, Mabry to second. McKay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Renteria out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. McLemore grounded out to second. Kotsay flied out to left. Dye lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Suppan grounded out to shortstop. Anderson flied out to right. Cedeno grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Hatteberg grounded out to first. Crosby singled to right. Melhuse safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Anderson, Crosby to second. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Melhuse out at second, Crosby to third. Hudson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Pujols singled to right. Rolen flied out to center. Edmonds struck out swinging. Mabry singled to left, Pujols to second. Renteria struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Byrnes reached on infield single to shortstop. McLemore doubled to right, Byrnes scored. Kotsay flied out to right, McLemore to third. Dye singled to center, McLemore scored. Hatteberg singled to right, Dye to second. Crosby grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hatteberg out at second, Dye to third, Crosby to first, Dye scored on throwing error by second baseman Anderson. Crosby stole second. Melhuse flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Lankford hit for Suppan. Hudson pitching for Athletics. McKay singled to right. Lankford struck out looking. McKay out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Anderson walked. Cedeno walked, Anderson to second. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Mabry in right field. Lankford in left field. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Scutaro grounded out to pitcher. Hudson grounded out to pitcher. Byrnes popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Rolen doubled to deep left center. Edmonds singled to center, Rolen scored. Mabry grounded out to pitcher, Edmonds to second. Renteria grounded out to shortstop, Edmonds to third. McKay struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. McLemore grounded out to first. Kotsay grounded out to second. Dye singled to left. Hatteberg grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Lankford doubled to left center. Womack hit for Eldred. Anderson grounded out to first, Lankford to third. Womack hit sacrifice fly to left, Lankford scored. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Pujols flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. Melhuse grounded out to second. Scutaro lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Rolen struck out looking. Luna hit for Mabry. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Edmonds flied out to right. Anderson in right field. Luna at second base. Kielty hit for Bradford. Luna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Kielty flied out to left. King pitching for Cardinals. Byrnes grounded out to second. McLemore walked. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Kotsay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Renteria singled to left. McKay singled to right, Renteria to third. Marquis ran for McKay. Lankford hit by pitch, Marquis to second. Sanders hit for King. Anderson safe at first on error by second baseman Scutaro, Renteria and Marquis scored, Lankford to third. Anderson to second on fielder's indifference. Sanders singled to center, Lankford scored, Anderson to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Athletics 4 - Cardinals 5.	Three in 9th propel Cardinals to sweep of A's