Cardinals - Top 1st. Wells pitching for Pirates. Womack grounded out to second. Anderson walked. Pujols hit by pitch, Anderson to second. Lankford grounded out to second, Anderson to third, Pujols to second. Renteria walked. Mabry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Kendall hit ground rule double to deep right. Wilson sacrificed to pitcher, Kendall to third. Mackowiak singled to right, Kendall scored. Wilson popped out to third. Bay reached on infield single to third, Mackowiak to second. Simon walked, Mackowiak to third, Bay to second. Redman singled to right, Mackowiak and Bay scored, Simon tagged out at third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Wells pitching for Pirates. Sanders homered to left. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Morris walked. Womack singled to right, Morris to third. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Morris scored, Womack out at second. Pujols fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Nunez flied out to left. Wells reached on infield single to shortstop. Kendall flied out to right. Wilson doubled to deep center, Wells scored. Mackowiak flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Wells pitching for Pirates. Lankford doubled to right. Renteria singled to center, Lankford to third. Mabry grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lankford scored, Renteria out at second. Sanders grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Wilson struck out swinging. Bay struck out swinging. Simon grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Wells pitching for Pirates. Molina popped out to second. Morris fouled out to first. Womack singled to center. Womack caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Anderson batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Redman grounded out to second. Nunez bunt grounded out to second. Wells struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Wells pitching for Pirates. Anderson singled to left. Pujols lined out to left. Lankford walked, Anderson to second. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Anderson to third, Lankford safe at second on error by pitcher Wells. Mabry grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Renteria out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Kendall singled to center. Wilson singled to left, Kendall to second. Mackowiak walked, Kendall to third, Wilson to second. Wilson struck out swinging. Bay struck out swinging. Simon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Mackowiak out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Wells pitching for Pirates. Sanders grounded out to third. Molina flied out to right. Morris grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Redman flied out to left. Nunez grounded out to shortstop. Wells grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Wells pitching for Pirates. Womack walked. Anderson singled to right, Womack to third. Pujols doubled to left, Womack scored, Anderson to third. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Taguchi hit for Lankford. Taguchi struck out swinging. Renteria intentionally walked. Mabry struck out swinging. Taguchi in center field. Sanders lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Kendall flied out to left. Wilson grounded out to third. Mackowiak singled to right. Mackowiak picked off first. Cedeno hit for Molina. Wilson batting. Torres pitching for Pirates. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Cedeno grounded out to pitcher. Morris grounded out to third. Matheny catching. Womack struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Wilson hit by pitch. Alvarez ran for Wilson. Bay sacrificed to pitcher, Wilson to second. Simon flied out to left. Redman singled to right, Alvarez scored, Redman to second on error by right fielder Sanders. Mackowiak in right field. Mesa pitching for Pirates. Stynes at third base. Nunez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Mesa pitching for Pirates. Anderson singled to right center. Edmonds hit for Taguchi. Pujols doubled to deep center, Anderson to third. Marquis ran for Edmonds. Edmonds intentionally walked. Renteria grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Anderson scored, Marquis out at second, Pujols to third. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Mabry in center field. Luna at third base. Mabry grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Stynes popped out to shortstop. Kendall grounded out to third. Wilson singled to left. Hill hit for Mesa. Mackowiak singled to right, Wilson to third. Mackowiak to second on fielder's indifference. Hill singled to right, Wilson scored, Mackowiak to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Pirates 6.	Pirates use more heroics to sweep away Cards