Cubs - Top 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Macias struck out swinging. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Patterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Cubs. Womack struck out looking. Renteria singled to left center. Pujols flied out to center. Rolen lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Sosa struck out looking. Alou struck out swinging. Lee singled to center. Barrett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Cubs. Edmonds struck out looking. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop. Sanders grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ordonez grounded out to catcher. Wood struck out swinging. Macias singled to deep right center, Macias to third on error by right fielder Sanders. Grudzielanek walked. Patterson reached on infield single to second, Macias scored, Grudzielanek to second. Grudzielanek to third, Patterson to second on passed ball by Matheny. Sosa homered to center, Grudzielanek and Patterson scored. Alou doubled to deep right. Lee walked. Barrett grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lee out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Cubs. Matheny walked. Carpenter struck out swinging. Womack flied out to right. Renteria grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ordonez reached on infield single to shortstop. Wood bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ordonez out at second. Macias singled to center, Wood to second. Grudzielanek singled to center, Wood to third, Macias to second. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Wood out at home, Macias to third, Grudzielanek to second. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Sosa singled to left center, Macias and Grudzielanek scored, Patterson to second. Alou grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sosa out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Pujols popped out to second. Rolen popped out to second. Edmonds homered to right. Cedeno walked. Sanders struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Lee flied out to right. Barrett homered to center. Ordonez grounded out to third. Wood singled to center. Macias struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Lankford hit for Eldred. Wood pitching for Cubs. Matheny struck out looking. Lankford flied out to right. Womack doubled to deep right. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Renteria lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Grudzielanek struck out looking. Patterson struck out swinging. Beltran pitching for Cubs. Sosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Beltran pitching for Cubs. Pujols grounded out to third. Rolen lined out to second. Edmonds walked. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to second, Edmonds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Alou walked. Lee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Alou out at second. Barrett grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Beltran pitching for Cubs. Sanders struck out swinging. Anderson hit for Calero. Matheny grounded out to pitcher. Remlinger pitching for Cubs. Anderson walked. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Womack lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Maddux hit for Remlinger. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Ordonez hit ground rule double to deep center. Maddux sacrificed to third, Ordonez to third. Macias reached on infield single to third. Farnsworth pitching for Cubs. Grudzielanek grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Macias out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Cubs. Renteria flied out to center. Pujols singled to left. Taguchi hit for Edmonds. Rolen struck out swinging. Taguchi in center field. King pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. King pitching for Cardinals. Patterson struck out looking. Sosa grounded out to second. Alou singled to left. Lee singled to center, Alou to second. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Barrett singled to left, Alou scored, Lee to third. Hawkins pitching for Cubs. Ordonez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Hawkins pitching for Cubs. Cedeno doubled to deep center. Sanders singled to right, Cedeno to third. Mabry hit for Tavarez. Matheny hit sacrifice fly to center, Cedeno scored, Matheny safe at first on error by center fielder Patterson. Sanders to third, Matheny to first on error by center fielder Patterson. Mabry walked, Matheny to second. Womack hit sacrifice fly to left, Sanders scored. Renteria popped out to second. Pujols singled to right, Matheny scored, Mabry to third. Rolen flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Cubs 8 - Cardinals 4.	Cubs end Cards' 10-game home win streak