Expos - Top 1st. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Wilkerson singled to center. Chavez popped out to shortstop. Vidro grounded out to third, Wilkerson to second. Batista grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Womack struck out looking. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Pujols walked. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 2nd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Sledge struck out looking. Gonzalez reached on infield single to third. Calloway struck out looking, Gonzalez stole second. Schneider doubled to deep right, Gonzalez scored. Hernandez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Edmonds grounded out to second. Mabry singled to right. Anderson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Mabry out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 3rd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Wilkerson grounded out to first. Chavez doubled to deep center. Vidro struck out swinging. Batista flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Matheny singled to left. Suppan bunted into double play, first to shortstop to second, Matheny out at second. Womack singled to center. Renteria singled to left, Womack to second. Pujols struck out looking. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 4th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Sledge struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to left. Calloway flied out to center. Schneider reached on infield single to pitcher, Gonzalez to second, Gonzalez to third, Schneider to second on throwing error by pitcher Suppan. Hernandez doubled to right, Gonzalez and Schneider scored. Wilkerson popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. Edmonds walked. Mabry homered to right, Edmonds scored. Anderson lined out to third. Matheny struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 5th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Chavez singled to center. Chavez stole second. Vidro walked. Batista flied out to center. Sledge flied out to center. Williams hit for Suppan. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Williams struck out swinging. Womack grounded out to shortstop. Renteria singled to center. Renteria stole second. Pujols walked. Rolen walked, Renteria to third, Pujols to second. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Edmonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 6th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Calloway fouled out to third. Schneider walked. Hernandez sacrificed to catcher, Schneider to second. Wilkerson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Mabry reached on infield single to pitcher. Mabry caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Anderson struck out swinging. Taguchi hit for Eldred. Matheny singled to right. King pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi in left field. Taguchi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matheny out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 7th. King pitching for Cardinals. Chavez grounded out to second. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. Batista grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Womack popped out to second. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Pujols singled to left. Horgan pitching for Expos. Rolen hit by pitch, Pujols to second. Edmonds walked, Pujols to third, Rolen to second. Cedeno hit for King. Mabry singled to right, Pujols and Rolen scored, Edmonds to third, Mabry to second advancing on throw. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 8th. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Sledge safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Womack. Mateo hit for Calloway. Gonzalez doubled to right, Sledge scored. Mateo bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gonzalez out at third. Mateo stole second, Mateo safe at third on throwing error by catcher Matheny. Rivera hit for Horgan. Schneider struck out swinging. Rivera intentionally walked. Wilkerson hit by pitch, Rivera to second. Ayala pitching for Expos. Rivera in right field. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilkerson out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Ayala pitching for Expos. Matheny grounded out to pitcher. Taguchi doubled to right. Womack reached on infield single to second, Taguchi to third. Renteria grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Womack out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 9th. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Vidro singled to left. Batista singled to left, Vidro to second. Sledge sacrificed to pitcher, Vidro to third, Batista to second. Johnson hit for Ayala. Gonzalez popped out to pitcher. Wilkerson in left field. Cordero pitching for Expos. Johnson at first base. Johnson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Cordero pitching for Expos. Pujols homered to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Expos 4 - Cardinals 5.	Stacked deck: Pujols, Mabry deal win for Cards