Cardinals - Top 1st. Eaton pitching for Padres. Womack flied out to left. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop. Pujols flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Burroughs singled to center. Vazquez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Burroughs out at second. Giles fouled out to third. Nevin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Eaton pitching for Padres. Rolen walked. Edmonds singled to center, Rolen to second. Renteria singled to left, Rolen scored, Edmonds to second. Sanders struck out looking. Matheny singled to left, Edmonds scored, Renteria to third, Matheny to second advancing on throw. Carpenter lined out to right. Womack fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Klesko singled to left. Greene grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Klesko out at second. Nady grounded into fielder's choice to third, Greene out at second. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Eaton pitching for Padres. Cedeno flied out to right. Pujols walked. Pujols caught stealing second, catcher to second. Rolen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. Burroughs grounded out to first. Vazquez singled to right. Giles flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Edmonds flied out to right. Renteria singled to right center. Sanders lined into double play, shortstop to first, Renteria doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Nevin lined out to shortstop. Klesko lined out to shortstop. Greene flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Matheny struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out looking. Womack singled to center. Cedeno struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Nady grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Rolen. Eaton struck out swinging, Hernandez to third on wild pitch by Carpenter. Burroughs hit by pitch. Vazquez singled to center, Hernandez scored, Burroughs to third. Giles doubled to deep right, Burroughs and Vazquez scored. Nevin flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Pujols flied out to center. Rolen walked. Edmonds grounded out to pitcher, Rolen to second. Renteria singled to right, Rolen scored. Sanders grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Klesko fouled out to third. Greene struck out swinging. Nady flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Matheny flied out to left. Carpenter flied out to center. Womack reached on infield single to shortstop. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Robinson in center field. Cedeno walked, Womack to second. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Hernandez grounded out to second. Robinson grounded out to pitcher. Burroughs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Rolen flied out to right. Edmonds singled to center. Renteria struck out swinging. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Lankford in left field. Sanders struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Vazquez singled to center. Giles singled to center, Vazquez to second. Vazquez to third, Giles to second on wild pitch by Eldred. Nevin walked. Klesko singled to right, Vazquez scored, Giles to third, Nevin to second. Long hit for Linebrink. Greene hit sacrifice fly to center, Giles scored, Nevin to third. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Long singled to right, Nevin scored, Klesko to third, Klesko scored, Long to second on throwing error by first baseman Pujols. Payton hit for Robinson. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop, Long to third. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Long in left field. Payton in center field. Payton struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Matheny walked. Taguchi ran for Matheny. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Lankford singled to right, Taguchi to third. Womack struck out swinging. Cedeno popped out to second. Lankford to second on fielder's indifference. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Padres 7.	Klesko, Padres take singular approach in win