Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Terrero grounded out to third. Cintron grounded out to first. Bautista grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Womack grounded out to second. Walker walked. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Walker out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Hillenbrand popped out to second. Tracy flied out to left. Snyder walked. Kroeger struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Edmonds walked. Cedeno struck out swinging. Renteria grounded out to third, Edmonds to second. Mabry grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Gil flied out to left. Webb struck out looking. Terrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Matheny homered to left. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Arizona's Webb ejected by Layne in the 3rd. Womack grounded out to pitcher, Williams to second. Walker safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Cintron, Williams advanced to third on play, Williams tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. Pujols walked, Walker to second. Edmonds grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Cintron lined out to center. Bautista lined out to right. Hillenbrand flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Cedeno singled to left. Renteria walked, Cedeno to second. Mabry singled to right, Cedeno to third, Renteria to second. Matheny struck out looking. Williams hit sacrifice fly to center, Cedeno scored. Womack popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Tracy struck out looking. Snyder walked. Kroeger singled to deep right, Snyder to third. Gil grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kroeger out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker reached on infield single to second. Pujols flied out to right. Edmonds walked, Walker to second. Cedeno struck out swinging. Taguchi in left field. Devore hit for Cormier. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Edmonds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Devore struck out swinging. Terrero reached on infield single to third. Cintron flied out to left. Bautista singled to center, Terrero to third. Hillenbrand singled to center, Terrero scored, Bautista to second. Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks. Mabry homered to right. Matheny popped out to first. Williams lined out to third. Womack grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Snyder doubled to deep left center. Kroeger singled to deep right center, Snyder to third. Baerga hit for Sparks. Gil grounded into fielder's choice to second, Snyder out at home, Kroeger to third. Kroeger scored, Gil to second on balk by Williams. Baerga walked. Terrero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Baerga out at second, Gil to third. Nance pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Nance pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker singled to center. Pujols hit by pitch, Walker to second. Edmonds lined out to right, Walker to third. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Bautista struck out swinging. Hillenbrand flied out to center. King pitching for Cardinals. Tracy doubled to deep right. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Sanders in left field. Snyder grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Renteria struck out swinging. Mabry walked. Matheny struck out swinging. Mabry to second on wild pitch by Bruney. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanders intentionally walked. Womack singled to left, Mabry to third, Sanders to second. Walker grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. McCracken hit for Gil. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Kroeger grounded out to second. Zinter hit for Choate. Green ran for McCracken. McCracken walked. Zinter doubled to deep right center, Green scored. Hairston ran for Zinter. Terrero walked. Cintron grounded out to pitcher, Hairston to third, Terrero to second. Cintron at shortstop. Green at second base. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Bautista flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols walked. Edmonds doubled to deep center, Pujols scored. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Cardinals 4.	Cardinals need something extra vs. D-Backs