Cardinals - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Womack singled to center. Taguchi walked, Womack to second. Womack to third, Taguchi to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa. Pujols hit sacrifice fly to right, Womack scored, Taguchi to third. Sanders walked. Walker popped out to pitcher. Renteria struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Podsednik struck out looking. Durrington struck out swinging. Hall grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Matheny doubled to deep left. Luna grounded into fielder's choice to first, Matheny out at third. Luna stole second. Morris singled to center, Luna to third. Womack hit sacrifice fly to right, Luna scored. Taguchi singled to left, Morris to second. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Taguchi out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Jenkins singled to center. Branyan singled to right, Jenkins to second. Magruder safe at first on error by second baseman Womack, Jenkins to third, Branyan to second. Helms struck out swinging. Johnson hit sacrifice fly double play, left to third to shortstop, Jenkins scored, Branyan out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Sanders grounded out to shortstop. Walker fouled out to third. Renteria fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. De La Rosa struck out looking. Podsednik grounded out to second. Durrington fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Matheny grounded out to shortstop. Luna reached on infield single to shortstop. Luna caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Morris walked. Womack lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Hall hit ground rule double to deep right. Jenkins walked. Branyan struck out swinging. Magruder singled to left center, Hall scored, Jenkins to second. Helms grounded out to pitcher, Jenkins to third, Magruder to second. Johnson struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Taguchi lined out to left. Pujols flied out to center. Ginter hit for De La Rosa. Sanders grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Ginter doubled to deep right. Podsednik flied out to center, Ginter to third. Durrington struck out bunting foul. Wise pitching for Brewers. Hall flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Wise pitching for Brewers. Walker struck out looking. Renteria reached on infield single to second. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Anderson in right field. Matheny grounded into double play, third to second to first, Renteria out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Jenkins flied out to left. Branyan singled to deep right. Magruder hit ground rule double to deep right center, Branyan to third. Clark hit for Johnson. Helms intentionally walked. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Overbay hit for Wise. Clark grounded out to first, Branyan scored, Magruder to third, Helms to second. Adams pitching for Brewers. Moeller catching. Overbay at first base. Overbay flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Adams pitching for Brewers. Luna popped out to second. Anderson singled to right. Womack flied out to right. Taguchi doubled to deep left, Anderson scored. Vizcaino pitching for Brewers. Pujols intentionally walked. Sanders struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Podsednik hit ground rule double to deep right center. Durrington sacrificed to third, Podsednik to third. Hall grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Podsednik scored. Cedeno hit for Reyes. Jenkins struck out swinging. Hall caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Vizcaino pitching for Brewers. Cedeno flied out to left. Renteria doubled to deep left. Edmonds hit for Luna. Matheny grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Renteria out at third. Matheny to second on wild pitch by Vizcaino. Matheny to third on wild pitch by Vizcaino. Edmonds walked. Matheny scored, Edmonds to second on passed ball by Moeller. Cedeno in right field. Mabry at third base. Molina catching. Cali pitching for Cardinals. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Cali pitching for Cardinals. Branyan flied out to center. Counsell hit for Vizcaino. Magruder flied out to right. Counsell doubled to right. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Kieschnick hit for Moeller. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Bennett catching. Kieschnick lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Bennett catching. Womack singled to right. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Taguchi walked, Womack to second. Pujols singled to center, Womack scored, Taguchi to second. Sanders grounded out to second, Taguchi to third, Pujols to second. Cedeno reached on infield single to second, Taguchi scored, Pujols to third. Liriano pitching for Brewers. Renteria singled to left, Pujols scored, Cedeno to second. Mabry flied out to left. Cedeno to third, Renteria to second on wild pitch by Liriano. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Molina grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Overbay grounded out to first. Podsednik flied out to left. Durrington grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Brewers 4.	Cardinals clinch 'on the field' with win