Padres - Top 1st. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Grisham homered to right center (408 feet). Cronenworth doubled to right. Machado struck out looking. Hosmer grounded out to first, Cronenworth to third. Myers walked. Pham hit by pitch, Myers to second. Profar walked, Cronenworth scored, Pham to second, Myers to third. Campusano grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Snell pitching for Padres. Newman grounded out to shortstop. Difo struck out swinging. Reynolds singled to center. Evans walked, Reynolds to second. Evans to second on passed ball by Campusano, Reynolds to third on passed ball by Campusano. Stallings doubled to deep left, Evans scored and Reynolds scored. González doubled to deep center, Stallings scored. Frazier walked. Alford hit by pitch, Frazier to second, González to third. Stammen pitching for Padres. Kuhl grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Marcano hit for Stammen. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Marcano grounded out to second. Grisham walked. Grisham to second on pickoff error by pitcher Kuhl. Cronenworth flied out to center, Grisham to third. Grisham scored on Kuhl wild pitch. Machado reached on infield single to pitcher. Machado stole second. Hosmer walked. Myers grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Crismatt pitching for Padres. Newman doubled to shortstop. Difo struck out swinging. Reynolds singled to left, Newman scored. Reynolds to second on wild pitch by Crismatt. Evans grounded out to third. Stallings singled to right, Reynolds scored. González flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Pham walked. Profar grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Pham out at second. Campusano lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Crismatt pitching for Padres. Frazier safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Profar. Alford flied out to right. Kuhl sacrificed to first, Frazier to second. Newman reached on infield single to third, Frazier scored. Difo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 4th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Crismatt grounded out to first. Grisham walked. Cronenworth fouled out to left. Machado walked, Grisham to second. Hosmer singled to center, Grisham scored, Machado to third. Mateo hit for Myers. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Mateo hit by pitch, Hosmer to second. Pham grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Mateo in right field. Crismatt pitching for Padres. Reynolds flied out to center. Evans lined out to right. Stallings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Profar walked. Campusano grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Profar out at second. Crismatt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Crismatt pitching for Padres. González singled to center. Frazier reached on bunt single to third, González to second, González safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Machado. Alford struck out swinging. Moran hit for Holmes. Moran singled to center, González scored, Frazier to second. Newman grounded out to shortstop, Moran to second, Frazier to third. Difo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 6th. Howard pitching for Pirates. Grisham struck out swinging. Cronenworth singled to right. Machado walked, Cronenworth to second. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to first, Machado out at second, Cronenworth to third. Bednar pitching for Pirates. Hosmer stole second. Mateo walked. Pham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Crismatt pitching for Padres. Reynolds flied out to right. Evans hit by pitch. Stallings singled to center, Evans to second. González grounded into double play, third to second to first, Stallings out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Bednar pitching for Pirates. Profar reached on infield single to third. Profar stole second. Campusano walked. Kim hit for Crismatt. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Kim struck out swinging. Grisham struck out swinging. Cronenworth grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Campusano out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Williams pitching for Padres. Frazier walked. Alford struck out swinging. Fowler hit for Stratton. Fowler popped out to third. Newman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Crick pitching for Pirates. Machado lined out to right. Hosmer walked. Hosmer to second on wild pitch by Crick. Mateo hit by pitch. Pham walked, Mateo to second, Hosmer to third. Profar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pham out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Williams pitching for Padres. Difo grounded out to first. Reynolds grounded out to third. Evans hit by pitch. Stallings walked, Evans to second. González singled to center, Evans scored, Stallings to second. Frazier hit by pitch, González to second, Stallings to third. Pagán pitching for Padres. Alford struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Campusano flied out to center. Caratini hit for Pagán. Caratini struck out swinging. Grisham lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 4 - Pirates 8.	Pirates chase Snell in 1st inning, beat Padres 8-4