Pirates - Top 1st. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Frazier fouled out to third. Newman grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Cahill pitching for Pirates. Edman doubled to deep right center. Carlson popped out to shortstop. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right, Edman scored. Arenado struck out swinging. Molina struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Polanco walked. Craig lined out to third. Gamel walked, Polanco to second. Difo grounded out to first, Gamel to second, Polanco to third. Perez intentionally walked. Cahill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Cahill pitching for Pirates. Bader walked. Bader stole second. Williams walked. Sosa hit by pitch, Williams to second, Bader to third. Underwood Jr. pitching for Pirates. Flaherty hit sacrifice fly to right, Bader scored, Williams to third. Sosa stole second. Edman singled to center, Williams scored and Sosa scored. Carlson walked, Edman to second. Goldschmidt singled to center, Edman scored, Carlson to second. Arenado singled to right center, Carlson scored, Goldschmidt to third. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Arenado out at second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Frazier walked. Newman lined out to center. Reynolds singled to right, Frazier to second. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reynolds out at second, Frazier to third. Craig flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Underwood Jr. pitching for Pirates. Bader grounded out to third. Williams lined out to center. Sosa walked. Flaherty walked, Sosa to second. Edman lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Gamel popped out to third. Difo singled to center. Perez struck out swinging. Underwood Jr. struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Underwood Jr. pitching for Pirates. Carlson safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Frazier. Goldschmidt singled to right, Carlson to second. Arenado popped out to second. Molina flied out to right. Bader struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 5th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Frazier singled to center. Newman lined out to shortstop. Reynolds struck out swinging. Polanco homered to right (395 feet), Frazier scored. Craig flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Oviedo pitching for Pirates. González at first base. Williams singled to right center. Sosa singled to right, Williams to second. Flaherty walked, Sosa to second, Williams to third. Edman hit sacrifice fly to right, Williams scored, Sosa to third. Carlson singled to left center, Sosa scored, Flaherty to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Arenado lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Gamel flied out to center. Difo struck out swinging. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Oviedo pitching for Pirates. Molina singled to left center. Bader flied out to center. Williams walked, Molina to second. Sosa struck out swinging. Nogowski hit for Flaherty. Nogowski flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Whitley pitching for Cardinals. González walked. Frazier singled to right center, González to second. Newman singled to left, Frazier to second, González to third. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to second, González scored, Newman out at second, Frazier to third. Polanco singled to right, Frazier scored, Reynolds to third. Vargas hit for Oviedo. Vargas singled to left, Reynolds scored, Polanco to second. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Gamel grounded into fielder's choice to first, Vargas out at second, Polanco to third. Difo struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Vargas at third base. Howard pitching for Pirates. Edman walked. Carlson struck out swinging. Edman stole second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Helsley pitching for Cardinals. González grounded out to second. Frazier lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Keller pitching for Pirates. Molina struck out swinging. Bader popped out to first. Williams lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Newman reached on infield single to third. Reynolds struck out swinging. Polanco struck out swinging. Newman to second on fielder's indifference. Vargas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 5 - Cardinals 8.	Flaherty earns ML leading 8th win as Cards beat Pirates 8-5