Pirates - Top 1st. Singer pitching for Royals. Frazier doubled to deep right center. Tom struck out swinging. Reynolds flied out to left. Polanco lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Crowe pitching for Pirates. Merrifield reached on infield single to shortstop. Santana grounded out to first, Merrifield to second. Benintendi singled to right center, Merrifield scored, Benintendi out stretching at second. Perez flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Singer pitching for Royals. Gamel struck out swinging. Difo reached on infield single to catcher. Newman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Difo out at second. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Newman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Crowe pitching for Pirates. Olivares struck out swinging. Dozier struck out looking. Gutiérrez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Singer pitching for Royals. González reached on infield single to pitcher, González safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Singer. Frazier walked. Tom hit by pitch, Frazier to second, González to third. Reynolds reached on infield single to second, González scored, Tom to second, Frazier to third. Polanco hit sacrifice fly to center, Frazier scored, Tom to third. Gamel hit sacrifice fly to center, Tom scored. Difo flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Crowe pitching for Pirates. Taylor struck out swinging. Lopez flied out to left. Merrifield flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Singer pitching for Royals. Newman singled to right. Perez doubled to right center, Newman scored. González struck out swinging. Frazier lined out to right, Perez to third. Craig hit for Tom. Craig grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Frazier in left field. Craig at first base. Difo at second base. González at third base. Crowe pitching for Pirates. Santana singled to shallow right. Benintendi fouled out to left. Perez homered to left (375 feet), Santana scored. Olivares grounded out to third. Dozier singled to left center. Gutiérrez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Singer pitching for Royals. Reynolds struck out swinging. Polanco popped out to third. Gamel flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Crowe pitching for Pirates. Taylor tripled to deep center. Lopez walked. Merrifield singled to left, Taylor scored, Lopez to second. Santana walked, Merrifield to second, Lopez to third. Benintendi homered to right (393 feet), Lopez scored, Merrifield scored and Santana scored. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Perez struck out swinging. Olivares singled to right center. Dozier struck out swinging. Gutiérrez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Olivares out at second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Singer pitching for Royals. Difo singled to left. Newman grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Difo safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Singer. Perez struck out looking. González struck out swinging. Frazier doubled to shallow left, Difo scored, Newman to third. Zimmer pitching for Royals. Craig walked. Reynolds struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 6th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. Lopez walked. Merrifield flied out to center, Lopez to second. Santana flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Brentz pitching for Royals. Polanco struck out swinging. Gamel struck out swinging. Difo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Shreve pitching for Pirates. Benintendi lined out to right. Perez homered to left (380 feet). Olivares struck out swinging. Dozier fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Junis pitching for Royals. Newman singled to shallow right. Perez singled to center, Newman to second. González fouled out to first. Frazier struck out swinging. Craig popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Bednar pitching for Pirates. Gutiérrez tripled to right center. Taylor hit sacrifice fly to right, Gutiérrez scored. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Merrifield reached on infield single to shortstop. Merrifield stole second. Santana walked. Howard pitching for Pirates. Benintendi popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Davis pitching for Royals. Reynolds flied out to right. Polanco struck out swinging. Gamel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 5 - Royals 10.	Benintendi's slam, Perez's 2 HRs power Royals past Pirates