Pirates - Top 1st. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Newman flied out to right. Hayes walked. Reynolds grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hayes out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Pirates. Schwarber singled to right. Turner singled to center, Schwarber to second. Soto singled to right, Turner to second, Schwarber to third. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Harrison singled to right, Schwarber scored, Soto to second, Turner to third. Gomes homered to left (400 feet), Turner scored, Soto scored and Harrison scored. Mercer singled to left. Robles grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Mercer out at second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Stallings lined out to center. Polanco grounded out to second. González singled to right. Gamel singled to left, González to second. Evans flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Pirates. Corbin lined out to center. Schwarber flied out to center. Turner singled to left center. Soto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Anderson struck out swinging. Newman grounded out to first. Hayes grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Pirates. Zimmerman singled to center. Harrison struck out swinging. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Zimmerman out at second. Mercer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Reynolds singled to center. Stallings flied out to right. Polanco struck out swinging. González grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Pirates. Robles walked. Corbin sacrificed to pitcher, Robles to second. Schwarber struck out swinging. Turner tripled to deep right, Robles scored. Soto grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Gamel grounded out to second. Evans struck out looking. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Pirates. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Harrison lined out to shortstop. Gomes lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Newman lined out to center. Hayes flied out to center. Reynolds singled to center. Stallings grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Anderson pitching for Pirates. Mercer singled to center. Robles lined out to left. Corbin bunted into fielder's choice to third, Mercer out at second. Schwarber struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Polanco reached on infield single to pitcher. González lined out to right. Gamel struck out swinging. Evans doubled to right center, Polanco scored. Frazier hit for Anderson. Frazier struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Underwood Jr. pitching for Pirates. Turner reached on infield single to third. Soto struck out swinging. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to third, Turner out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Newman flied out to left. Hayes safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Mercer. Reynolds struck out swinging. Stallings grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hayes out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Underwood Jr. pitching for Pirates. Gomes walked. Mercer singled to left, Gomes to second. Robles doubled to right center, Gomes scored, Mercer to third. Corbin struck out swinging. Schwarber hit sacrifice fly to right, Mercer scored, Robles to third. Turner grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Polanco fouled out to left. González singled to left. Gamel singled to center, González to second. Miller pitching for Nationals. Evans lined out to center. Tom hit for Underwood Jr. Tom struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 1 - Nationals 8.	Gomes, Corbin lead Nationals; Pirates lose 9th straight