Pirates - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Frazier walked. Hayes singled to left, Frazier to second. Reynolds singled to deep right, Frazier scored, Hayes to third. Moran grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hayes scored, Reynolds out at second. Polanco walked, Moran to second. Newman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco out at second, Moran to third. Gamel grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Carlson struck out swinging. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Perez struck out swinging. Kuhl walked. Frazier grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Kuhl out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. O'Neill walked. Molina fouled out to third. Edman grounded out to first, O'Neill to second. Nootbaar singled to center, O'Neill scored. DeJong grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nootbaar out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Hayes walked. Reynolds walked, Hayes to second. Moran grounded out to shortstop, Reynolds to second, Hayes to third. Polanco intentionally walked. Newman flied out to center. Gamel lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Martínez grounded out to second. Carlson reached on infield single to first. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carlson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Perez doubled to right. Kuhl bunted into fielder's choice to third, Perez out at third. Frazier reached on infield single to first, Kuhl to second. Hayes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Frazier out at second, Kuhl to third. Reynolds homered to right (404 feet), Kuhl scored and Hayes scored. Moran grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Arenado flied out to left. O'Neill walked. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, O'Neill out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Polanco grounded out to first. Newman struck out swinging. Gamel walked. Perez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Edman singled to right. Nootbaar grounded out to second, Edman to second. DeJong flied out to right. Carpenter hit for Martínez. Carpenter flied out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. LeBlanc pitching for Cardinals. Kuhl grounded out to third. Frazier homered to right (392 feet). Hayes reached on infield single to third. Reynolds grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hayes out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Carlson grounded out to second. Goldschmidt walked. Arenado lined out to left. O'Neill flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. LeBlanc pitching for Cardinals. Moran lined out to center. Polanco flied out to center. Newman singled to right. Gamel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Molina grounded out to third. Edman grounded out to third. Nootbaar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. LeBlanc pitching for Cardinals. Perez grounded out to third. Evans hit for Stratton. Evans homered to left (386 feet). Frazier reached on infield single to third. Elledge pitching for Cardinals. Hayes lined out to third. Reynolds reached on infield single to catcher, Frazier to second. Moran singled to center, Frazier scored, Reynolds to third. Polanco fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Hartlieb pitching for Pirates. Evans in right field. DeJong struck out swinging. Sosa hit for Elledge. Sosa grounded out to third. Carlson singled to left center. Goldschmidt walked, Carlson to second. Arenado walked, Goldschmidt to second, Carlson to third. O'Neill hit by pitch, Carlson scored, Arenado to second, Goldschmidt to third. Bednar pitching for Pirates. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to third, O'Neill out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Fernandez pitching for Cardinals. Knizner catching. Newman lined out to right. Gamel struck out swinging. Perez walked. Evans grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Bednar pitching for Pirates. Edman grounded out to shortstop. Nootbaar lined out to left. DeJong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 8 - Cardinals 2.	Pirates snap 9-game losing streak vs. Cardinals with 8-2 win