Pirates - Top 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Frazier lined out to center. Hayes flied out to center. Reynolds singled to center. Nogowski flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Kranick pitching for Pirates. Rojas flied out to left. Calhoun flied out to left. Escobar singled to right. Peralta flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Stallings flied out to left. Polanco reached on infield single to second. Polanco stole second. Newman lined out to center. Oliva singled to right, Polanco scored. Kranick grounded into fielder's choice to second, Oliva out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Kranick pitching for Pirates. Smith singled to right. Varsho grounded out to third, Smith to second. Ahmed grounded out to second, Smith to third. Holaday singled to left center, Smith scored. Bumgarner struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Frazier singled to right center. Hayes flied out to center, Frazier to second. Reynolds fouled out to right, Frazier to third. Nogowski grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Kranick pitching for Pirates. Rojas singled to right center. Calhoun struck out swinging, Rojas stole second. Rojas to third on wild pitch by Kranick. Escobar struck out swinging. Peralta doubled to right, Rojas scored. Smith lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Stallings singled to left. Polanco flied out to center. Newman singled to left center, Stallings to second. Stallings and Newman scored on error, Oliva safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Escobar, Oliva safe at second on error. Kranick grounded out to shortstop, Oliva to third. Frazier grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Kranick pitching for Pirates. Varsho doubled to deep left. Ahmed doubled to deep right, Varsho scored. Holaday hit by pitch. Ahmed stole third. Bumgarner walked, Holaday to second. Davis pitching for Pirates. Rojas grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bumgarner to second, Holaday to third, Ahmed out at home. Calhoun walked, Holaday scored, Rojas to second, Bumgarner to third. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Calhoun to second, Rojas to third, Bumgarner out at home. Peralta grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Hayes struck out looking. Reynolds doubled to deep left. Reynolds caught stealing third, pitcher to third to second to shortstop. Nogowski flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Smith walked. Varsho struck out looking. Ahmed doubled to left, Smith to third. Holaday struck out swinging. VanMeter hit for Bumgarner. VanMeter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks. Stallings reached on bunt single to third. Polanco popped out to second. Newman sacrificed to third, Stallings to second. Oliva struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Rojas doubled to deep left. Calhoun struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to center, Rojas to third. Shreve pitching for Pirates. Peralta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks. Evans hit for Shreve. Evans popped out to first. Frazier singled to right center. Hayes reached on infield single to third, Frazier to second. Reynolds singled to right, Hayes to second, Frazier to third. de Geus pitching for Diamondbacks. Nogowski walked, Frazier scored, Reynolds to second, Hayes to third. Stallings grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Nogowski out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Underwood Jr. pitching for Pirates. Smith homered to right (432 feet). Varsho homered to right (375 feet). Ahmed singled to shallow left. Holaday struck out swinging. Reddick hit for de Geus. Reddick grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Ahmed out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Ramirez pitching for Diamondbacks. Polanco struck out swinging. Newman lined out to second. Oliva flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Bednar pitching for Pirates. Gamel in left field. Rojas walked. Rojas caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Calhoun struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Diamondbacks. Young at second base. Gamel struck out swinging. Frazier grounded out to first. Hayes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Diamondbacks 6.	Diamondbacks finish sweep of Pirates with 6-4 victory