Nationals - Top 1st. Crowe pitching for Pirates. Thomas struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to third. Soto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Gray pitching for Nationals. Hayes grounded out to shortstop. Tsutsugo walked. Reynolds lined out to center. Moran grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tsutsugo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Crowe pitching for Pirates. Bell grounded out to second. Hernández struck out swinging. Kieboom grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Gray pitching for Nationals. Gamel flied out to center. Tucker fouled out to shortstop. Perez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Crowe pitching for Pirates. Ruiz grounded out to first. García flied out to left. Gray walked. Thomas fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Gray pitching for Nationals. Park walked. Crowe sacrificed to first, Park to second. Hayes struck out swinging. Park to third on pickoff error by catcher Ruiz. Tsutsugo walked. Reynolds walked, Tsutsugo to second. Moran singled to right, Park scored and Tsutsugo scored, Reynolds to second. Gamel struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 4th. Crowe pitching for Pirates. Escobar singled to center. Soto singled to right, Escobar to second. Bell singled to center, Soto to second, Escobar to third. Hernández struck out swinging. Kieboom struck out swinging. Ruiz doubled to deep right, Bell scored, Escobar scored and Soto scored. García intentionally walked. Gray struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Gray pitching for Nationals. Tucker fouled out to shortstop. Perez lined out to center. Park walked. Alford hit for Crowe. Alford struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Banda pitching for Pirates. Thomas doubled to deep right center. Escobar doubled to deep center, Thomas scored. Escobar to third on wild pitch by Banda. Soto singled to deep right, Escobar scored. Bell singled to center, Soto to second. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bell out at second, Soto to third. Kieboom grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hernández out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Gray pitching for Nationals. Hayes grounded out to shortstop. Tsutsugo walked. Reynolds homered to right (426 feet), Tsutsugo scored. Moran struck out swinging. Gamel homered to right (347 feet). Tucker flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Keller pitching for Pirates. Ruiz hit by pitch. Adams ran for Ruiz. García struck out swinging. Stevenson hit for Gray. Stevenson flied out to left. Thomas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Adams catching. Baldonado pitching for Nationals. Perez walked. Park walked, Perez to second. Newman hit for Keller. Newman sacrificed to pitcher, Park to second, Perez to third. Machado pitching for Nationals. Hayes walked. Tsutsugo struck out swinging. Reynolds walked, Perez scored, Hayes to second, Park to third. Moran reached on infield single to first, Park scored, Reynolds to second, Hayes to third. Hayes scored and Reynolds scored on error, Gamel safe at first on fielding error by second baseman García, Moran safe at third on error. Tucker struck out looking. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 7th. Tsutsugo at first base. Shreve pitching for Pirates. Tucker in right field. Newman at shortstop. Escobar grounded out to first. Soto singled to center. Bell walked, Soto to second. Hernández singled to left, Soto scored, Bell to second. Kieboom grounded out to second, Hernández to second, Bell to third. Adams walked. García grounded into fielder's choice to second, Adams out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Clay pitching for Nationals. Perez grounded out to third. Park singled to right. Newman doubled to left, Park scored, Newman to third. Hayes grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Newman out at home. Tsutsugo flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Pirates. Zimmerman hit for Clay. Zimmerman homered to center (411 feet). Thomas walked. Escobar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Thomas out at second. Soto singled to shallow center. Bell grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Harper pitching for Nationals. Zimmerman at first base. Reynolds singled to left. Difo hit for Miller. Difo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reynolds out at second. Gamel struck out swinging, Difo stole second. Tucker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Kieboom struck out swinging. Adams grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 7 - Pirates 10.	Pirates pounce on shaky Nationals bullpen in 10-7 victory