Dodgers - Top 1st . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Lo Duca flied out to deep center . Green struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Womack walked . Finley singled to right , Womack to third . Spivey singled to left , Womack scored , Finley to second . Gonzalez flied out to right . Finley caught stealing third , pitcher to second to third , Spivey to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Bautista grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . McGriff walked . Jordan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McGriff out at second . Beltre struck out swinging . Cora singled to center , Jordan to third . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cora out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Williams singled to center . Overbay doubled to right , Williams to third . Barajas doubled to left , Williams and Overbay scored . Schilling struck out bunting foul . Womack grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barajas out at third . Womack stole second . Finley struck out swinging , Finley safe at first on passed ball by Lo Duca , Womack to third , Womack out at third in rundown . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Perez struck out swinging . Roberts tripled to deep right center . Lo Duca flied out to shallow left . Green grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Spivey doubled to left . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Spivey to third . Bautista grounded out to shortstop , Spivey scored . Williams grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . McGriff grounded out to first . Jordan grounded out to second . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Overbay struck out swinging . Barajas struck out swinging . Schilling struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Cora grounded out to second . Izturis struck out swinging . Perez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Womack bunt grounded out to third . Finley grounded out to second . Spivey popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Roberts grounded out to first . Lo Duca flied out to deep left . Green grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez lined out to right . Bautista singled to right . Bautista to second on wild pitch by Perez , Bautista safe at third on throwing error by catcher Lo Duca , Bautista out at homecatcher advancing on play . Williams grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . McGriff popped out to third . Jordan grounded out to pitcher . Beltre struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Overbay struck out swinging . Barajas popped out to shallow right center . Schilling grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Cora singled to right center . Ward hit for Perez . Izturis sacrificed to third , Cora to second . Ward walked . Roberts homered to right , Cora and Ward scored . Lo Duca doubled to left center . Myers pitching for Diamondbacks . Green singled to right center , Lo Duca scored . McGriff doubled to right , Green thrown out at home . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Romano ran for McGriff . Ward at first base . Martin pitching for Dodgers . Jordan grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Womack grounded out to second . Finley grounded out to second . Spivey walked . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Cora struck out swinging . Izturis walked . Quantrill pitching for Dodgers . Ward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Bautista struck out looking . Williams grounded out to shortstop . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Grace at first base . Overbay struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 10th . Roberts flied out to left . Lo Duca singled to right . Kinkade hit for Quantrill . Green struck out swinging . Shuey pitching for Dodgers . Counsell hit for Barajas . Kinkade grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lo Duca out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Counsell grounded out to pitcher . Grace doubled to right . McCracken ran for Grace . Womack safe at first on error by first baseman Ward , McCracken to third . Finley walked , Womack to second . Spivey singled to left , McCracken scored , Womack to third , Finley to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 4 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Schilling loses lead , but D - Backs outlast Dodgers