Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Jennings pitching for Rockies . McCracken lined out to center . Counsell lined out to center . Bautista grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Stynes walked . Kapler singled to right , Stynes to second . Helton homered to right center , Stynes and Kapler scored . Walker flied out to left . Wilson walked . Hernandez reached on infield single to shortstop , Wilson to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Butler singled to right , Wilson scored , Hernandez to second , Hernandez to third , Butler to second advancing on throw . Jennings struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez doubled to deep left . Williams struck out looking . Grace doubled to left , Gonzalez scored . Baerga doubled to right , Grace scored . Barajas struck out swinging . Schilling struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Stynes grounded out to second . Kapler grounded out to shortstop . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . McCracken grounded out to second . Counsell grounded out to second . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker struck out swinging . Wilson struck out swinging . Hernandez walked . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez popped out to shallow left . Williams struck out swinging . Grace lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Butler grounded out to pitcher . Jennings doubled to deep center . Stynes grounded out to shortstop , Jennings to third . Kapler reached on infield single to third , Jennings scored . Helton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Baerga singled to right center . Barajas lined into double play , left to first , Baerga doubled off first . Schilling struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker grounded out to first . Wilson flied out to right . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . McCracken singled to center . Counsell walked , McCracken to second . Bautista singled to right center , McCracken scored , Counsell to second . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez singled to center , Counsell thrown out at home , Bautista to second . Williams singled to left , Bautista to third , Gonzalez to second . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Grace lined out to right , Bautista out at home . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Richard hit for Fuentes . Butler singled to left . Richard tripled to right , Butler scored . Stynes grounded out to shortstop . Miceli pitching for Rockies . Kapler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Miceli pitching for Rockies . Baerga lined out to pitcher . Barajas singled to deep left . Moeller ran for Barajas . Dellucci hit for Service . Dellucci grounded out to first , Moeller to second . Moeller catching . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton walked . Walker flied out to left . Helton to second on passed ball by Moeller . Wilson walked . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton to third , Wilson to second on wild pitch by Batista , Helton scored , Wilson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Moeller . Hernandez struck out swinging . Johnson popped out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Miceli pitching for Rockies . Counsell grounded out to pitcher . Bautista popped out to shallow right . Gonzalez walked . Williams grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Payton hit for Miceli . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Butler grounded out to third . Payton walked . Stynes grounded out to first , Payton to second . Kapler singled to center , Payton scored . Myers pitching for Diamondbacks . Kapler to second on fielder 's indifference . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Helton grounded out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Grace grounded out to third . Baerga singled to right . Finley hit for Myers . Moeller grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Baerga out at second . Moeller to second on fielder 's indifference . Finley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Rockies 8 .	D - Backs ' misery continues as Rockies rip Schilling