Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Pirates . McCracken grounded out to shortstop . Baerga struck out swinging . Gonzalez walked . Williams reached on infield single to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Overbay singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Williams to second . Bautista lined out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Lofton grounded out to first . Kendall singled to left . Giles walked , Kendall to second . Stairs struck out swinging . Simon lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Pirates . Womack grounded out to shortstop . Moeller walked . Batista sacrificed to catcher , Moeller to second . McCracken flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Mackowiak hit by pitch . Wilson grounded out to second , Mackowiak to second . Nunez singled to right , Mackowiak scored , Nunez to second advancing on throw . Wells grounded out to first , Nunez to third . Lofton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Pirates . Baerga grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Williams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Kendall grounded out to third . Giles struck out swinging . Stairs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Overbay struck out swinging . Bautista struck out swinging , Bautista safe at first on wild pitch by Wells . Womack grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bautista out at second . Moeller hit by pitch , Womack to second . Batista flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Simon grounded out to first . Mackowiak reached on infield single to third . Wilson struck out swinging . Nunez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Pirates . McCracken grounded out to shortstop . Baerga singled to shallow left . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Baerga out at second . Williams struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Wells struck out swinging . Lofton singled to right . Kendall hit by pitch , Lofton to second . Giles grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kendall out at second , Lofton to third . Stairs flied out to shallow center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Overbay homered to right . Bautista flied out to right . Womack struck out looking . Moeller grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Simon reached on infield single to third . Mackowiak lined out to second . Wilson struck out looking . Spivey hit for Batista . Nunez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Spivey reached on infield single to shortstop . McCracken struck out swinging . Spivey at second base . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Reese hit for Wells . Baerga grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Spivey out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Reese walked . Lofton flied out to center . Reese to second on balk by Villarreal . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Myers pitching for Diamondbacks . Beimel pitching for Pirates . Giles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Williams grounded out to second . Sanders hit for Stairs . Overbay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanders safe at first on error by third baseman Williams . Simon struck out swinging . Mackowiak grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sanders out at second . Sanders in right field . Boehringer pitching for Pirates . Mackowiak at second base . Nunez at shortstop . Ramirez at third base . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Boehringer pitching for Pirates . Bautista flied out to center . Womack popped out to third . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Moeller popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Nunez grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez struck out swinging . Lofton doubled to right center . Kendall flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Pirates 1 .	Batista continues to pick up the slack for D - Backs