White Sox - Top 1st . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Jimenez grounded out to first . Lee fouled out to third . Thomas fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for White Sox . Womack grounded out to shortstop . Cintron flied out to center . Finley singled to left . Gonzalez doubled to center , Finley scored . Hillenbrand doubled to right , Gonzalez scored . Overbay struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Ordonez homered to left center . Valentin flied out to center . Crede struck out swinging . Borchard grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for White Sox . McCracken reached on infield single to third . Moeller struck out swinging . Good sacrificed to pitcher , McCracken to second . Womack popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Olivo struck out looking . Garland lined out to second . Jimenez singled to right . Jimenez stole second . Lee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Cintron grounded out to third . Finley grounded out to second . Gonzalez walked . Hillenbrand homered to left , Gonzalez scored . Overbay singled to left . McCracken popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Thomas grounded out to pitcher . Ordonez flied out to left center . Valentin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Moeller singled to left . Good sacrificed to pitcher , Moeller to second . Womack popped out to shallow center . Cintron lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Crede popped out to second . Borchard grounded out to second . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Finley homered to right . Gonzalez singled to center . Hillenbrand doubled to left , Gonzalez to third . Wunsch pitching for White Sox . Overbay singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Hillenbrand to third . McCracken hit sacrifice fly to right , Hillenbrand scored . Moeller lined out to left . Spivey in center field . Konerko hit for Wunsch . Good grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Konerko grounded out to third . Jimenez grounded out to second . Lee reached on infield single to third . Thomas doubled to deep left center , Lee scored . Ordonez walked , Thomas to third on wild pitch by Good . Ordonez batting . Valentin singled to shallow center , Thomas scored , Ordonez to third , Valentin to second advancing on throw . Graffanino at third base . Sanders pitching for White Sox . Crede fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Sanders pitching for White Sox . Womack singled to center . Cintron singled to right , Womack to second . Spivey singled to left , Womack scored , Cintron to second . Gonzalez flied out to left . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cintron out at third , Spivey to second . Overbay walked , Spivey to third , Hillenbrand to second . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Overbay out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Borchard struck out swinging . Olivo doubled to deep left center . Graffanino lined out to shortstop . White pitching for White Sox . Paul catching . Jimenez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . White pitching for White Sox . Moeller struck out swinging . Randolph grounded out to third . Womack flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Lee flied out to right . Thomas flied out to deep left . Ordonez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . White pitching for White Sox . Cintron flied out to right . Spivey singled to left . Myers pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Spivey out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Valentin singled to center . Paul reached on infield single to second , Valentin to second . Daubach hit for White . Borchard singled to right , Valentin scored , Paul to second . Daubach doubled to deep right , Paul and Borchard scored . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Graffanino fouled out to first . Jimenez grounded into fielder 's choice double play , shortstop to third to second to third , Daubach out at third , Jimenez out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Hillenbrand shines in desert