Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Kata singled to center . Baerga grounded out to second , Kata to second . Cintron grounded out to shortstop , Kata to third . Gonzalez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe grounded out to first . Bellhorn flied out to deep left . Helton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand fouled out to first . Finley walked . Hammock struck out swinging . Barajas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Walker walked . Payton grounded out to second , Walker to second . Norton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Dessens safe at first on error by shortstop Uribe . Kata flied out to right . Baerga grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dessens out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson struck out swinging . Oliver grounded out to shortstop . Uribe popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez walked . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Bellhorn popped out to shortstop . Helton walked . Wilson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Finley struck out swinging . Hammock singled to center . Barajas flied out to left . Dessens grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hammock out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker singled to right . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Walker safe at second on error by second baseman Kata . Norton singled to right , Walker scored , Payton to third . Johnson doubled to left , Payton scored , Norton to third . Oliver grounded out to shortstop . Uribe grounded out to second , Norton scored , Johnson to third . Bellhorn flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Kata homered to left . Baerga grounded out to second . Cintron reached on infield single to shortstop . Gonzalez homered to right , Cintron scored . Hillenbrand singled to center . Finley fouled out to left . Hammock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hillenbrand out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton homered to center . Wilson popped out to second . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Payton singled to left . Norton walked , Payton to second . Dellucci in right field . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Bellhorn at third base . Belliard at second base . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Barajas flied out to left . Dellucci struck out swinging . Kata singled to center . Baerga doubled to deep right center , Kata scored . Cintron flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Belliard walked . Uribe sacrificed to first , Belliard to second . Bellhorn flied out to right , Belliard to third . Helton intentionally walked . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez flied out to left . Hillenbrand grounded out to first . Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks . Finley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker singled to center . Walker to second on wild pitch by Oropesa . Vaughn hit for Fuentes . Payton sacrificed to pitcher , Walker to third . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Vaughn struck out swinging . Speier pitching for Rockies . McCracken hit for Mantei . Johnson fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Speier pitching for Rockies . McCracken flied out to left . Barajas struck out swinging . Raggio pitching for Diamondbacks . Dellucci popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Raggio pitching for Diamondbacks . Belliard walked . Uribe sacrificed to third , Belliard to second . Bellhorn flied out to deep left center , Belliard to third . Helton intentionally walked . Reed pitching for Rockies . Wilson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Reed pitching for Rockies . Kata singled to left . Baerga singled to right , Kata to second . Cintron flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Baerga out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 10th . Raggio pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker flied out to left . Payton struck out swinging . Sweeney hit for Reed . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 11th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Grace hit for Raggio . Finley singled to right . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Grace grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Finley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 11th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson walked . Petrick ran for Johnson . Belliard sacrificed to first , Petrick to second . Uribe flied out to right , Petrick to third . Petrick catching . Bellhorn flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 12th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Barajas grounded out to shortstop . Dellucci walked . Dellucci stole second . Kata doubled to right , Dellucci scored . Baerga singled to right , Kata to third . Cintron fouled out to first . Gonzalez homered to right , Kata and Baerga scored . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Overbay at first base . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 12th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton lined out to shortstop . Wilson struck out swinging . Walker safe at first on error by second baseman Kata . Stynes hit for Jimenez . Payton walked , Walker to second . Stynes homered to center , Walker and Payton scored . Petrick struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Rockies 7 .	Going Gonzo : D - Backs win 12th straight game