Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Kata grounded out to shortstop . Finley grounded out to second . Cintron grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe struck out swinging . Belliard grounded out to second . Helton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez doubled to right . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Overbay struck out swinging . Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Jennings . Moeller grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson popped out to shallow center . Walker doubled to left . Payton doubled to left center , Walker scored . Stynes struck out swinging . Estalella flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . McCracken grounded out to shortstop . Patterson struck out swinging . Kata walked . Finley singled to right center , Kata to third . Cintron walked . Gonzalez flied out to deep left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Jennings grounded out to shortstop . Uribe flied out to left center . Belliard walked . Helton singled to right center , Belliard to third . Wilson walked , Helton to second . Walker popped out to shallow right center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand flied out to shallow left . Overbay grounded out to pitcher . Moeller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton popped out to first . Stynes lined out to deep left . Estalella doubled to right center . Jennings grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . McCracken flied out to deep right . Patterson grounded out to shortstop . Kata grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe flied out to center . Belliard singled to shallow center . Helton popped out to first . Belliard stole second . Wilson doubled to left , Belliard scored . Walker intentionally walked . Payton singled to left , Wilson scored , Walker to second . Stynes flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Finley walked . Cintron grounded out to third , Finley to second . Gonzalez popped out to third . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Estalella struck out swinging . Jennings walked . Uribe lined out to shallow center . Belliard grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Overbay grounded out to second . Moeller walked . McCracken grounded out to first , Moeller to second . Dellucci hit for Patterson . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Dellucci struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton struck out looking . Wilson flied out to deep center . Walker hit ground rule double to deep left center . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton singled to left , Walker scored . Stynes walked , Payton to second . Estalella grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Payton scored , Stynes to second . Lopez singled to right , Stynes scored , Estalella to third . Uribe struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Kata flied out to left center . Finley homered to right center . Cintron grounded out to third . Gonzalez doubled to deep left . Miller pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand popped out to shallow left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Belliard lined out to shortstop . Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton singled to left center . Wilson walked , Helton to second . Walker grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Miller pitching for Rockies . Overbay singled to left . Moeller struck out looking . McCracken walked , Overbay to second . Baerga hit for Oropesa . Baerga singled to right center , Overbay to third , McCracken to second . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Kata singled to left , Overbay scored , McCracken to third , Baerga to second . Finley popped out to shallow right . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Rockies 6 .	Jennings , Payton help Rockies edge Diamondbacks