Rockies - Top 1st . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Belliard flied out to right . Stynes grounded out to third . Helton homered to right . Wilson struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Counsell popped out to shortstop . Kata grounded out to first . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker walked . Walker stole second . Payton fouled out to right . Johnson hit ground rule double to left center , Walker scored . Uribe flied out to center . Jennings flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand singled to center . Finley reached on infield single to third , Hillenbrand to second . Moeller struck out looking . Overbay grounded out to second , Hillenbrand to third , Finley to second . McCracken intentionally walked . Patterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Stynes doubled to left . Helton intentionally walked . Wilson homered to left , Stynes and Helton scored . Walker grounded out to second . Payton doubled to right . Johnson flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Counsell flied out to center . Kata flied out to left . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe grounded out to third . Jennings grounded out to first . Belliard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand homered to left . Finley walked . Moeller doubled to left , Finley scored . Overbay flied out to left . Grace hit for Patterson . McCracken grounded out to pitcher , Moeller to third . Grace singled to right , Moeller scored . Counsell singled to center , Grace to second . Kata singled to right , Grace to third , Counsell to second . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Stynes walked . Helton walked , Stynes to second . Wilson walked , Stynes to third , Helton to second . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Stynes scored , Wilson out at second , Helton to third . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Helton out at home , Walker to second . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Payton out at second , Walker to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand homered to left . Finley popped out to third . Moeller fouled out to second . Overbay grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe struck out swinging , Uribe safe at first on passed ball by Moeller . Jennings sacrificed to pitcher , Uribe to second . Belliard grounded out to third . Stynes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . McCracken doubled to left . Randolph sacrificed to pitcher , McCracken to third . Counsell grounded out to shortstop , McCracken scored . Kata walked . Cruz pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez walked , Kata to second . Hillenbrand homered to left , Kata and Gonzalez scored . Finley grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton grounded out to second . Wilson popped out to second . Walker flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Cruz pitching for Rockies . Moeller grounded out to shortstop . Overbay singled to left . Dellucci hit for Randolph . McCracken tripled to center , Overbay scored . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Baerga hit for Dellucci . Baerga singled to left , McCracken scored . Baerga caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Counsell walked . Kata singled to right , Counsell to third . Gonzalez singled to center , Counsell scored , Kata to second . Roa pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand doubled to center , Kata and Gonzalez scored . Finley singled to right , Hillenbrand scored . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Moeller struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton grounded out to shortstop . Johnson grounded out to third . Sweeney at first base . Bellhorn in center field . Norton in right field . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Roa pitching for Rockies . Overbay singled to left , Overbay out stretching at second . Cintron hit for Villarreal . McCracken grounded out to shortstop . Raggio pitching for Diamondbacks . Vaughn hit for Roa . Cintron lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Raggio pitching for Diamondbacks . Vaughn struck out swinging . Belliard flied out to center . Stynes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 6 - Diamondbacks 14 .	Hillenbrand homers three times in D - Backs ' win