Padres - Top 1st . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Kotsay singled to center . Loretta popped out to second . White grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kotsay out at second . Hansen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Jarvis pitching for Padres . Counsell reached on infield single to third . Kata doubled to right , Counsell to third . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to right , Counsell scored . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Finley walked . Cintron popped out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs doubled to right . Matthews Jr singled to left , Burroughs to third . Vazquez singled to center , Burroughs scored , Matthews Jr to third . Ojeda grounded out to third , Matthews Jr scored , Vazquez to second . Jarvis singled to left , Vazquez scored . Kotsay struck out looking . Loretta singled to center , Jarvis to second . White singled to center , Jarvis scored , Loretta to second . Loretta to third , White to second on wild pitch by Dessens . Hansen grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Jarvis pitching for Padres . Moeller struck out swinging . McCracken singled to right center . Dessens sacrificed to pitcher , McCracken to second . Counsell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs flied out to deep center . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . Vazquez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Jarvis pitching for Padres . Kata walked . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher , Kata to second . Hillenbrand grounded out to second , Kata to third . Finley singled to center , Kata scored . Cintron singled to right , Finley to third . Moeller walked , Cintron to second . McCracken grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Ojeda struck out swinging . Jarvis grounded out to shortstop . Kotsay singled to right . Loretta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kotsay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Jarvis pitching for Padres . Dessens grounded out to pitcher . Counsell grounded out to second . Kata grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . White flied out to left . Hansen walked . Burroughs hit ground rule double to left , Hansen to third . Matthews Jr singled to center , Hansen scored , Burroughs to third . Myers pitching for Diamondbacks . Vazquez flied out to left . Raggio pitching for Diamondbacks . Matthews Jr stole second . Ojeda walked . Jarvis walked , Burroughs scored , Matthews Jr to third , Ojeda to second . Kotsay hit ground rule double to right center , Matthews Jr and Ojeda scored , Jarvis to third . Loretta singled to left , Jarvis and Kotsay scored . White flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Jarvis pitching for Padres . Gonzalez flied out to right center . Hillenbrand singled to center . Finley singled to right , Hillenbrand to second . Cintron grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Finley out at second , Hillenbrand to third . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Moeller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Hansen walked . Burroughs struck out swinging . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Vazquez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Jarvis pitching for Padres . McCracken grounded out to second . Randolph struck out looking . Counsell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Nady hit for Jarvis . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Ojeda struck out swinging . Nady grounded out to shortstop . Nady in right field . Matthews Jr in left field . Orosco pitching for Padres . Kotsay flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Orosco pitching for Padres . Kata popped out to second . Gonzalez walked . Hillenbrand flied out to center . Finley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Dellucci in left field . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Terrero in center field . Merloni hit for Orosco . Loretta singled to center . Merloni singled to left , Loretta to second . Hansen singled to center , Loretta scored , Merloni to second . Burroughs homered to right , Merloni and Hansen scored . Matthews Jr grounded out to first . Vazquez grounded out to third . Merloni at second base . Herges pitching for Padres . Ojeda grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Herges pitching for Padres . Cintron struck out swinging . Moeller grounded out to shortstop . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Nady struck out swinging . Kotsay grounded out to pitcher . Herges struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Herges pitching for Padres . Terrero struck out swinging . Counsell singled to left . Kata singled to left , Counsell to second . Dellucci grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kata out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 14 - Diamondbacks 2 .	D - Backs not so safe at home as Padres roll , snap streak