Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Giants . Counsell struck out looking . Kata struck out swinging . Gonzalez walked . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham flied out to center . Snow walked . Grissom grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Snow out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Giants . Finley grounded out to second . Moeller grounded out to shortstop . McCracken struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonds struck out looking . Cruz struck out looking . Aurilia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Giants . Overbay struck out swinging . Dessens grounded out to second . Counsell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Alfonzo flied out to center . Torrealba flied out to shallow right . Williams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Williams pitching for Giants . Kata walked . Gonzalez doubled to deep right , Kata to third . Hillenbrand safe at first on error by third baseman Alfonzo , Kata scored , Gonzalez to third . Finley singled to right center , Gonzalez scored , Hillenbrand to third . Finley stole second . Moeller struck out swinging . McCracken struck out swinging . Overbay intentionally walked . Dessens grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 4th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham flied out to center . Snow walked . Grissom popped out to shallow center . Bonds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Giants . Counsell grounded out to second . Kata bunt popped out foul to catcher . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz flied out to left . Aurilia singled to left . Alfonzo singled to left , Aurilia to third . Torrealba grounded out to third , Aurilia scored , Alfonzo to second . Williams struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Williams pitching for Giants . Hillenbrand singled to left . Finley singled to right , Hillenbrand to second . Moeller sacrificed to pitcher , Hillenbrand to third , Finley to second , Moeller safe at first on error by pitcher Williams . McCracken grounded out to third , Hillenbrand scored , Finley to third , Moeller to second . Overbay intentionally walked . Dessens sacrificed to catcher , Finley scored , Moeller to third , Overbay to second . Zerbe pitching for Giants . Counsell lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 6th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham grounded out to shortstop . Snow singled to center . Grissom doubled to left , Snow to third . Bonds intentionally walked . Cruz struck out swinging . Aurilia singled to center , Snow and Grissom scored , Bonds to second . Alfonzo walked , Bonds to third , Aurilia to second . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba singled to left , Bonds and Aurilia scored , Alfonzo to second . Perez hit for Zerbe . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Perez popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Kata grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Hillenbrand flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham singled to deep right . Snow flied out to left . Grissom flied out to center . Myers pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Eyre pitching for Giants . Finley flied out to right . Moeller struck out swinging . McCracken singled to center . Spivey hit for Overbay . Spivey singled to left , McCracken to second . Baerga hit for Myers . Grace at first base . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Baerga grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz struck out swinging . Aurilia popped out to third . Alfonzo popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Feliz at third base . Worrell pitching for Giants . Counsell flied out to left . Kata grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez singled to right . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Giants 5 .	Giants increase NL West lead to eight games