Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Ramirez pitching for Braves . McCracken flied out to right . Cintron singled to center . Mondesi walked , Cintron to second . Hillenbrand singled to right , Cintron to third , Mondesi to second . Spivey walked , Cintron scored , Mondesi to third , Hillenbrand to second . Bautista doubled to left , Mondesi and Hillenbrand scored , Spivey to third . Hammock struck out looking . Moeller intentionally walked . Dessens walked , Spivey scored , Bautista to third , Moeller to second . McCracken grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal struck out swinging . Giles homered to center . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Jones struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Cintron grounded out to third . Mondesi grounded out to third . Hillenbrand singled to right . Spivey safe at first on error by shortstop Furcal , Hillenbrand to second . Bautista reached on infield single to third , Hillenbrand to third , Spivey to second . Hammock lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones walked . Fick struck out looking . Lopez singled to left . Castilla singled to center , Lopez to third . Ramirez flied out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Moeller walked . Dessens bunt popped out foul to catcher . McCracken grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Moeller out at second . Cintron safe at first on error by right fielder Sheffield , McCracken to third . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cintron out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal singled to left . Giles grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Furcal out at second . Sheffield singled to center , Giles to third . Jones singled to right center , Giles scored , Sheffield to third . Jones doubled to center , Sheffield and Jones scored . Fick singled to right , Jones scored , Fick to second advancing on throw . Lopez popped out to shallow right . Castilla grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Hillenbrand flied out to deep right . Spivey grounded out to shortstop . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez grounded out to third . Furcal bunt grounded out to first . Giles grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Hammock singled to left . Kata hit for Dessens . Moeller flied out to right . Kata sacrificed to pitcher , Hammock scored , Kata safe at first on error by pitcher Ramirez . Kata stole second . McCracken grounded out to shortstop , Kata to third . Cintron singled to left center , Kata scored . Gryboski pitching for Braves . Kata at third base . Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks . Hammock in left field . Mondesi struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks . Sheffield walked . Jones singled to left , Sheffield to second . Jones singled to right , Sheffield scored , Jones to third . Fick struck out looking . Lopez singled to left , Jones scored , Jones to second . Franco hit for Gryboski . Castilla walked , Jones to third , Lopez to second . Franco singled to left , Jones and Lopez scored , Castilla to second . Furcal struck out looking . Giles singled to left , Castilla scored , Franco to third . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Cunnane pitching for Braves . Sheffield struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Spivey singled to right . Bautista flied out to center . Hammock struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones walked . Jones to second on wild pitch by Valverde . Jones struck out swinging . Fick grounded out to second , Jones to third . Lopez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Moeller struck out swinging . Kata grounded out to first . Counsell hit for Valverde . Myers pitching for Diamondbacks . Counsell grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Derosa hit for Cunnane . Castilla lined out to pitcher . Derosa struck out looking . Hodges pitching for Braves . Furcal grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Hodges pitching for Braves . Cintron struck out swinging . Mondesi reached on infield single to shortstop . Hillenbrand lined out to right . Spivey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Giles grounded out to second . Sheffield singled to center . Bragg ran for Sheffield . Jones walked , Bragg to second . Jones grounded out to pitcher , Bragg to third , Jones to second . Bragg in right field . King pitching for Braves . Fick grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . King pitching for Braves . Bautista grounded out to second . Hammock reached on infield single to third . Moeller lined out to left . Kata flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Braves 10 .	Braves ' offense rolls over D - Backs