Padres - Top 1st . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs singled to center . Loretta struck out looking . Giles singled to left center , Burroughs to third . Nevin grounded into double play , third to second to first , Giles out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Kata grounded out to shortstop . Cintron singled to left . Gonzalez flied out to left . Mondesi walked , Cintron to second . Finley tripled to right , Cintron and Mondesi scored . Hillenbrand popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Klesko grounded out to second . Kotsay flied out to right . Vazquez doubled to right center . Vazquez to third on wild pitch by Schilling . Bennett grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Counsell grounded out to pitcher . Barajas popped out to shortstop . Schilling struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Lawrence struck out swinging . Burroughs singled to center . Loretta singled to left , Burroughs to third . Giles singled to right , Burroughs scored , Loretta to second . Nevin flied out to center , Loretta to third . Klesko homered to right , Loretta and Giles scored . Kotsay grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Kata grounded out to second . Cintron fouled out to third . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Vazquez grounded out to second . Bennett safe at first on error by third baseman Counsell . Lawrence bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bennett out at second . Burroughs singled to center , Lawrence to second . Loretta flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Mondesi grounded out to third . Finley walked . Hillenbrand flied out to right . Counsell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles flied out to center . Nevin struck out swinging . Klesko flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Barajas struck out swinging . Schilling struck out looking . Kata grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Kotsay doubled to right center . Vazquez struck out swinging . Bennett walked . Lawrence struck out bunting foul . Burroughs singled to right , Kotsay scored , Bennett to third . Loretta flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Cintron flied out to center . Gonzalez lined out to center . Mondesi singled to right . Finley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles struck out swinging . Nevin flied out to center . Klesko singled to right . Kotsay singled to left center , Klesko to second . Vazquez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Hillenbrand flied out to center . Counsell grounded out to shortstop . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Barajas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Bennett singled to right center . Lawrence safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Villarreal , Bennett to second . Burroughs sacrificed to pitcher , Bennett to third , Lawrence to second . Loretta singled to center , Bennett scored , Lawrence to third . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles walked , Loretta to second . Nevin homered to center , Lawrence , Loretta and Giles scored . Klesko fouled out to third . Kotsay singled to center . Vazquez lined out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Hammock grounded out to third . Kata grounded out to pitcher . Cintron singled to center . Gonzalez singled to left , Cintron to second . Hackman pitching for Padres . Merloni at shortstop . Myers pitching for Diamondbacks . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cintron out at third , Gonzalez to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Bennett walked . Merloni flied out to center . Burroughs struck out swinging . Loretta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Hackman pitching for Padres . Finley struck out looking . Hillenbrand flied out to deep right . Counsell lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 10 - Diamondbacks 2 .	Giles helps Padres rout D - Backs in debut