Phillies - Top 1st. Vargas pitching for Expos. Byrd flied out to center. Polanco singled to right. Thome popped out to third. Abreu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 1st. Myers pitching for Phillies. Macias grounded out to second. Carroll popped out to first. Vidro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Expos. Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop. Rollins singled to center. Burrell grounded out to third, Rollins to second. Perez intentionally walked. Myers grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 2nd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Cabrera singled to right. Wilkerson walked, Cabrera to second. Cordero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wilkerson out at second, Cabrera to third. Calloway struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Expos. Byrd hit by pitch. Polanco singled to right, Byrd to third. Thome hit sacrifice fly to right, Byrd scored. Abreu popped out to shallow left center. Lieberthal doubled to right center, Polanco scored. Rollins flied out to catcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 3rd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Barrett tripled to right center. Vargas struck out swinging. Macias struck out swinging. Carroll safe at first on error by third baseman Perez, Barrett scored. Vidro grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 4th. Vargas pitching for Expos. Burrell struck out swinging. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Myers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 4th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Wilkerson grounded out to second. Cordero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Vargas pitching for Expos. Byrd struck out looking. Polanco homered to left. Thome grounded out to first. Abreu grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 5th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Calloway flied out to center. Barrett grounded out to second. Vargas grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Vargas pitching for Expos. Lieberthal doubled to left. Rollins grounded out to first. Burrell struck out looking. Perez intentionally walked. Myers grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 6th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Macias struck out swinging. Carroll singled to right. Carroll to second on wild pitch by Myers. Vidro singled to center, Carroll scored. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vidro out at second. Wilkerson singled to center, Cabrera to third. Cordero singled to center, Cabrera scored, Wilkerson to second. Calloway flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Vargas pitching for Expos. Byrd doubled to right center. Polanco sacrificed to pitcher, Byrd to third. Thome intentionally walked. Abreu homered to right, Byrd and Thome scored. Lieberthal flied out to center. Rollins flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 7th. Mateo hit for Vargas. Myers pitching for Phillies. Barrett doubled to right center. Mateo struck out swinging. Macias doubled to right center, Barrett scored. Adams pitching for Phillies. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to second, Macias out at third. Tucker pitching for Expos. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Burrell singled to left. Michaels hit for Adams. Perez doubled to left, Burrell to third. Michaels singled to left, Burrell scored, Perez to third. Byrd singled to center, Perez scored, Michaels to second. Stewart pitching for Expos. Polanco singled to center, Michaels to third, Byrd to second. Thome struck out swinging. Abreu struck out swinging. Lieberthal doubled to left, Michaels, Byrd and Polanco scored. Wendell pitching for Phillies. Bell at third base. Perez at first base. Rollins flied out to center. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 8th. Wendell pitching for Phillies. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Wilkerson singled to center. Cordero reached on infield single to shortstop, Wilkerson to second. Macias at second base. Carroll at shortstop. Vitiello in left field. Hebson pitching for Expos. Guzman at third base. Calloway grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Cordero out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Hebson pitching for Expos. Burrell struck out swinging. Perez doubled to right. Bell grounded out to second, Perez to third. Byrd homered to left, Perez scored. Punto at second base. Polanco flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 9th. Wendell pitching for Phillies. Barrett walked. Guzman singled to right, Barrett to second. Macias singled to left, Barrett to third, Guzman to second. Carroll singled to right center, Barrett scored, Guzman to third, Macias to second. Chavez hit for Hebson. Vitiello hit sacrifice fly to center, Guzman scored, Macias to third. Plesac pitching for Phillies. Carroll to second on fielder's indifference. Chavez popped out to shallow left. Wilkerson grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 13 - Expos 6.	Philadelphia 13, Montreal 6