Phillies - Top 1st. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Byrd struck out swinging. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Thome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Duckworth pitching for Phillies. Pierre popped out to second. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Abreu struck out swinging. Lieberthal singled to right. Houston struck out looking. Burrell walked, Lieberthal to second. Rollins walked, Lieberthal to third, Burrell to second. Duckworth grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Duckworth pitching for Phillies. Lowell grounded out to first. Encarnacion doubled to left. Encarnacion stole third. Lee singled to center, Encarnacion to third, Encarnacion scored on error by center fielder Byrd. Lee caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Cabrera struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 3rd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Byrd popped out to third. Polanco singled to center. Thome struck out swinging. Polanco caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Duckworth pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez singled to left. Beckett sacrificed to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Pierre grounded out to second, Gonzalez to third. Castillo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Abreu grounded out to first. Lieberthal singled to center. Houston struck out swinging. Burrell reached on infield single to shortstop, Lieberthal to second. Rollins doubled to left center, Lieberthal scored, Burrell to third. Duckworth grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Duckworth pitching for Phillies. Rodriguez singled to left. Lowell walked, Rodriguez to second. Encarnacion grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lowell out at second, Rodriguez to third. Lee walked. Cabrera singled to left, Rodriguez scored, Lee to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Byrd tripled to left center. Polanco struck out looking. Thome struck out swinging. Abreu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Duckworth pitching for Phillies. Beckett flied out to left. Pierre reached on bunt single to third. Pierre stole second. Castillo safe at first on error by center fielder Byrd, Pierre to third. Rodriguez doubled to left, Pierre and Castillo scored. Lowell flied out to left. Encarnacion flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 6th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Lieberthal grounded out to second. Houston singled to right. Burrell grounded into fielder's choice to second, Houston out at second. Ledee hit for Duckworth. Rollins walked, Burrell to second. Williams pitching for Phillies. Ledee struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Phillies. Lee singled to left. Cabrera sacrificed to first, Lee to second. Gonzalez safe at first on error by shortstop Rollins. Hollandsworth hit for Beckett. Hollandsworth grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gonzalez out at second, Lee to third. Plesac pitching for Phillies. Hollandsworth to second on wild pitch by Plesac. Bump pitching for Marlins. Pierre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 7th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Byrd struck out swinging. Polanco struck out swinging. Silva pitching for Phillies. Thome flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Silva pitching for Phillies. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez walked. Lowell flied out to right. Encarnacion singled to left center, Rodriguez to second. Lee singled to left, Rodriguez scored, Encarnacion to second. Cabrera flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Abreu flied out to center. Lieberthal singled to left center. Houston singled to center, Lieberthal to second. Burrell singled to left, Lieberthal to third, Houston to second. Looper pitching for Marlins. Rollins hit sacrifice fly to left, Lieberthal scored. Perez hit for Silva. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Burrell out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Looper singled to right. Pierre singled to center, Looper to third. Castillo walked, Pierre to second, Looper scored on wild pitch by Mesa. Castillo batting. Rodriguez singled to right, Pierre scored, Castillo to third. Lowell singled to right, Castillo scored, Rodriguez to second. Mordecai ran for Lowell. Adams pitching for Phillies. Encarnacion walked, Rodriguez to third, Mordecai to second. Lee struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to right, Rodriguez and Mordecai scored, Encarnacion to third. Mordecai at third base. Gonzalez flied out to right. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Looper pitching for Marlins. Byrd singled to right. Polanco singled to left, Byrd to second. Thome homered to left center, Byrd and Polanco scored. Abreu struck out swinging. Lieberthal struck out looking. Houston struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Marlins 10.	Marlins continue recent mastery of Phillies