Dodgers - Top 1st. Henderson struck out looking. Izturis grounded out to pitcher. Green popped out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Byrd fouled out to first. Ledee safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Brown. Thome singled to right, Ledee scored. Abreu reached on infield single to pitcher, Thome to second. Lieberthal singled to left, Thome scored, Abreu to second. Rollins grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lieberthal out at second, Abreu to third. Rollins stole second. Houston walked. Punto struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Burnitz struck out swinging. Lo Duca homered to left. Cabrera grounded out to third. Beltre singled to center. Cora grounded into fielder's choice to second, Beltre out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Myers singled to center. Byrd struck out swinging. Ledee grounded into fielder's choice to second, Myers out at second. Ledee picked off first. Thome batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Brown doubled to deep center. Henderson singled to right center, Brown to third. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Brown scored, Henderson out at second. Izturis caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Green singled to right. Burnitz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Green out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Thome struck out swinging. Abreu singled to left. Abreu picked off first. Lieberthal singled to center. Rollins singled to right, Lieberthal to second. Houston grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Lo Duca struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left. Beltre walked, Cabrera to second. Cora hit by pitch, Cabrera to third, Beltre to second. Brown grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cora out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Punto walked. Myers struck out swinging. Punto caught stealing second, catcher to second. Byrd popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Henderson struck out looking. Izturis struck out swinging. Green struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Ledee grounded out to pitcher. Thome reached on infield single to pitcher. Abreu walked, Thome to second. Lieberthal grounded into fielder's choice double play, third to second to third, Abreu out at second, Thome out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Burnitz grounded out to first. Lo Duca grounded out to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Rollins grounded out to second. Houston doubled to deep right center. Perez hit for Myers. Punto grounded out to second, Houston to third. Perez at third base. Wendell pitching for Phillies. Perez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Beltre doubled to deep left. Crosby hit for Brown. Cora sacrificed to third, Beltre to third. Crosby flied out to shallow right. Shuey pitching for Dodgers. Henderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Byrd singled to left center. Ledee tripled to deep center, Byrd scored. Martin pitching for Dodgers. Thome hit sacrifice fly to left, Ledee scored. Abreu struck out looking. Mota pitching for Dodgers. Lieberthal flied out to left center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Izturis popped out to shallow right. Plesac pitching for Phillies. Green popped out to shallow left. Quantrill pitching for Dodgers. Burnitz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Burrell hit for Plesac. Rollins singled to left. Burrell singled to right, Rollins to third. Punto struck out swinging. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Perez grounded into double play, second to first, Burrell out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Lo Duca singled to left. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lo Duca out at second. Kinkade hit for Cora. Beltre singled to right center, Cabrera to second. Kinkade grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beltre out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 2 - Phillies 4.	Phils keep slim wild-card lead by beating Dodgers