Phillies - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Byrd singled to right center. Polanco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Byrd out at second. Abreu grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Myers pitching for Phillies. Hart struck out swinging. Robinson lined out to left. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Thome grounded out to second. Lieberthal popped out to second. Utley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Edmonds walked. Rolen singled to center, Edmonds to second. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Rolen out at second, Edmonds to third. Renteria doubled to left, Edmonds scored. Matheny intentionally walked. Haren grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Burrell doubled to deep left center. Rollins flied out to left. Myers flied out to right. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Hart lined out to center. Robinson singled to center. Robinson stole second. Robinson stole third. Pujols struck out swinging. Edmonds popped out to shallow left center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Polanco popped out to shortstop. Abreu flied out to left. Thome homered to right. Lieberthal flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Rolen doubled to left. Martinez flied out to right, Rolen to third. Renteria fouled out to shortstop. Matheny singled to right, Rolen scored. Haren grounded into fielder's choice to third, Matheny out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Utley flied out to left. Burrell struck out looking. Rollins hit ground rule double to right. Myers struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Hart singled to center. Robinson singled to left center, Hart to second. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Robinson out at second, Hart to third. Edmonds grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Byrd grounded out to second. Polanco grounded out to second, Byrd scored. Abreu flied out to left center. Thome walked. Lieberthal popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Rolen struck out swinging. Martinez walked. Renteria singled to left, Martinez to second, Martinez to third, Renteria to second on error by left fielder Burrell. Palmeiro hit for Haren. Matheny singled to left, Martinez scored, Renteria to third. Palmeiro hit sacrifice fly to right center, Renteria scored. Hart hit by pitch, Matheny to second. Adams pitching for Phillies. Palmeiro in right field. Fassero pitching for Cardinals. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hart out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 7th. Fassero pitching for Cardinals. Utley lined out to left. Burrell homered to left. Michaels hit for Adams. Rollins singled to right center. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Houston hit for Michaels. Houston struck out swinging. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Byrd grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Pujols struck out swinging. Edmonds walked. Rolen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Edmonds out at second. Martinez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Polanco flied out to left. Pujols at first base. Taguchi in left field. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Abreu reached on infield double to shortstop. Thome homered to right, Abreu scored. Lieberthal hit ground rule double to right. Utley fouled out to first. Yan pitching for Cardinals. Burrell homered to left center, Lieberthal scored. Rollins struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Renteria flied out to left. Matheny lined out to center. Palmeiro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Ledee hit for Cormier. Yan pitching for Cardinals. Ledee singled to right. Ledee to second on wild pitch by Yan. Byrd walked. Ledee to third, Byrd to second on passed ball by Matheny. Polanco singled to left, Ledee scored, Byrd to third. Abreu singled to right center, Byrd scored, Polanco to third. Thome walked, Abreu to second. Lieberthal lined out to shortstop. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Utley grounded into fielder's choice double play, to shortstop, Abreu out at third, Thome out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Hart grounded out to third. Taguchi lined out to left. Pujols lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 9 - Cardinals 4.	Pujols' streak ends at 30 in Cards' loss