Cubs - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Walker singled to right . Patterson flied out to center . Sosa struck out looking . Alou flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Wood pitching for Cubs . Izturis struck out swinging . Lo Duca walked . Bradley popped out to shortstop . Green grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Ramirez lined out to right . Lee flied out to right . Barrett hit by pitch . Martinez doubled to deep left , Barrett scored . Wood grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Wood pitching for Cubs . Beltre homered to right . Encarnacion safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Ramirez . Grabowski homered to right , Encarnacion scored . Cora struck out looking . Weaver reached on infield single to third . Izturis lined into double play , to first , Weaver doubled off first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 3rd . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Patterson fouled out to third . Rusch pitching for Cubs . Sosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Rusch pitching for Cubs . Lo Duca flied out to right . Bradley singled to right . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bradley safe at second on error by second baseman Walker . Beltre flied out to right . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 4th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Alou singled to left . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Alou out at second . Lee struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Rusch pitching for Cubs . Grabowski singled to left center . Cora singled to right , Grabowski to second . Weaver bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Grabowski out at third , Cora to second . Izturis singled to right , Cora to third , Weaver to second . Lo Duca singled to right , Cora and Weaver scored , Izturis to third . Bradley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Izturis scored , Lo Duca out at second . Green lined out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Barrett singled to right center . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Barrett out at second . Rusch struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Rusch pitching for Cubs . Beltre fouled out to first . Encarnacion reached on infield single to third . Grabowski singled to right , Encarnacion to second . Cora singled to right , Encarnacion scored , Grabowski to third . Weaver grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Grabowski out at home , Cora to second . Izturis popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Walker hit ground rule double to deep center . Patterson flied out to left . Sosa singled to right , Walker scored on error by right fielder Encarnacion . Alou grounded out to third , Sosa to second . Ramirez walked . Wellemeyer pitching for Cubs . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramirez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cubs . Lo Duca doubled to deep right center . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . Green struck out looking . Beltre popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Barrett struck out looking . Goodwin hit for Wellemeyer . Martinez struck out looking . Beltran pitching for Cubs . Goodwin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Beltran pitching for Cubs . Encarnacion fouled out to first . Grabowski grounded out to shortstop . Cora reached on infield single to shortstop . Weaver singled to right , Cora to third . Hernandez at third base . Izturis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Walker flied out to center . Patterson grounded out to shortstop . Sosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Beltran pitching for Cubs . Lo Duca singled to left . Bradley struck out swinging . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Green grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Lo Duca out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Alou singled to left . Ramirez doubled to deep right center , Alou scored . Lee struck out looking . Barrett struck out swinging . Martinez fouled out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 3 - Dodgers 7 .	Wood hurts arm , Cubs lose to Dodgers