Cubs - Top 1st . Wright pitching for Rockies . Patterson doubled to right . Garciaparra flied out to center . Alou lined out to left . Sosa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Miles hit by pitch . Clayton tripled to right , Miles scored . Helton walked . Castilla grounded out to third , Clayton scored , Helton to second . Burnitz grounded out to second , Helton to third . Wilson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Wright pitching for Rockies . Ramirez flied out to center . Lee reached on infield single to second . Lee stole second . Walker struck out swinging , Walker safe at first on wild pitch by Wright , Lee scored . Barrett singled to right , Walker to third . Zambrano struck out swinging . Patterson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Holliday flied out to left . Johnson doubled to deep right . Wright flied out to right . Miles safe at first on error by second baseman Walker , Johnson to third . Clayton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 3rd . Wright pitching for Rockies . Garciaparra singled to left . Garciaparra stole second . Alou grounded out to third . Sosa hit by pitch . Ramirez flied out to right , Garciaparra to third . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sosa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Helton fouled out to left . Castilla singled to left . Burnitz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Castilla out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Wright pitching for Rockies . Walker walked . Barrett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Walker out at second . Zambrano sacrificed to third , Barrett to second . Patterson walked . Garciaparra lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Wilson struck out swinging . Holliday struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Wright pitching for Rockies . Alou struck out swinging . Sosa flied out to right . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Wright struck out swinging . Miles reached on infield single to shortstop . Clayton singled to right , Miles to third . Helton popped out to second . Castilla singled to left , Miles scored , Clayton to third . Burnitz walked , Castilla to second . Wilson flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Wright pitching for Rockies . Lee walked . Lee picked off first . Walker walked . Burnitz in center field . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Walker in right field . Barrett struck out swinging . Zambrano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Holliday tripled to deep left center . Johnson grounded out to second . Walker reached on infield single to shortstop , Holliday scored . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Walker out at second . Miles stole second . Clayton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Patterson reached on bunt single to second . Garciaparra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Patterson out at second . Alou walked , Garciaparra to second . Sosa homered to left , Garciaparra and Alou scored . Reed pitching for Rockies . Ramirez singled to right . Lee singled to left , Ramirez to second . Walker doubled to deep center , Ramirez scored , Lee to third . Goodwin hit for Zambrano . Barrett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lee out at home . Goodwin walked , Walker to third , Barrett to second . Mercker pitching for Cubs . Patterson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Mercker pitching for Cubs . Helton grounded out to second . Castilla struck out swinging . Greene hit for Reed . Farnsworth pitching for Cubs . Sweeney hit for Greene . Burnitz walked . Sweeney homered to right center , Burnitz scored . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Holliday popped out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Garciaparra doubled to deep left center . Alou flied out to center . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Sosa flied out to center , Garciaparra to third . Garciaparra scored on Chacon 's wild pitch . Ramirez homered to left . Lee singled to left . Walker homered to right , Lee scored . Barrett grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Cubs . Johnson homered to left . Remlinger pitching for Cubs . Grudzielanek at second base . Walker safe at first on error by shortstop Garciaparra . Miles struck out swinging . Simpson pitching for Rockies . Simpson pitching for Rockies . Clayton grounded into double play , second to first , Walker out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 9th . Simpson pitching for Rockies . Grudzielanek singled to center . Patterson reached on bunt single to pitcher , Grudzielanek to second , Grudzielanek to third on throwing error by pitcher Simpson . Garciaparra hit sacrifice fly to left , Grudzielanek scored . Patterson stole second . Alou flied out to right , Patterson to third . Patterson scored on Johnson 's passed ball . Hawkins pitching for Cubs . Sosa struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Hawkins pitching for Cubs . Helton homered to right . Castilla struck out swinging . Gonzalez hit for Simpson . Burnitz lined out to second . Gonzalez fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 11 - Rockies 8 .	Cubs ascend Rockies 11 - 8