Yankees - Top 1st . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Jeter struck out looking . Williams struck out swinging . Rodriguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Damon struck out looking . Mueller grounded out to second . Ortiz singled to center . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Giambi fouled out to first . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Matsui walked . Posada hit ground rule double to right , Matsui to third . Clark struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Millar grounded out to third . Varitek walked . Bellhorn walked , Varitek to second . Kapler singled to right , Varitek to third , Bellhorn to second . Reese struck out swinging . Damon walked , Varitek scored , Bellhorn to third , Kapler to second . Mueller hit by pitch , Bellhorn scored , Kapler to third , Damon to second . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mueller out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Wilson grounded out to third . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Williams hit ground rule double to right . Rodriguez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Millar safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter . Varitek reached on bunt single to pitcher , Millar to second . Bellhorn singled to right , Millar to third , Varitek to second . Kapler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Millar scored , Varitek out at third , Bellhorn to second . Reese grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bellhorn out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 4th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Giambi struck out looking . Sheffield walked . Matsui singled to right center , Sheffield to third . Posada grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Damon singled to left . Mueller fouled out to third . Ortiz popped into double play , third to first , Damon doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Clark homered to center . Wilson grounded out to second . Jeter struck out swinging . Williams grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Ramirez homered to center . Millar walked . Varitek singled to left center , Millar to third . Bellhorn lined into double play , to first , Varitek doubled off first . Kapler grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Giambi walked . Sheffield fouled out to third . Matsui singled to left , Giambi to second . Posada walked , Giambi to third , Matsui to second . Osborne pitching for Yankees . Clark grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Osborne pitching for Yankees . Reese flied out to center . Damon struck out swinging . Mueller singled to left . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Wilson singled to center . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Jeter struck out looking . Williams walked , Wilson to second . Rodriguez grounded into double play , third to first , Wilson out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Osborne pitching for Yankees . Ramirez singled to center . Millar flied out to right . Ramirez stole second . Varitek lined into double play , pitcher to second , Ramirez doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Giambi grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Matsui lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Osborne pitching for Yankees . Bellhorn hit by pitch . Bellhorn stole second , Bellhorn safe at third on throwing error by catcher Posada . Kapler struck out looking . Reese grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bellhorn out at home , Reese to second . Damon doubled to left , Reese scored . McCarty at first base . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Mueller struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 9th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Posada flied out to right . Sierra hit for Wilson . Clark struck out swinging . Sierra singled to center . Sierra to second on fielder 's indifference . Jeter singled to left , Sierra scored . Jeter to second on fielder 's indifference . Williams grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 2 - Red Sox 5 .	Schilling dominant as Red Sox top Yanks again