Yankees - Top 1st . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Williams grounded out to first . Jeter flied out to center . Sheffield homered to left . Rodriguez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Lieber pitching for Yankees . Damon grounded out to first . Varitek grounded out to first . Ortiz singled to center . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Giambi popped out to third . Posada struck out swinging . Matsui grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Lieber pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra reached on infield single to third . Nixon doubled to deep right , Garciaparra scored . Millar flied out to right . Mueller homered to right , Nixon scored . Gutierrez grounded out to third . Damon grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Wilson grounded out to third . Lofton grounded out to first . Williams doubled to left . Jeter lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Lieber pitching for Yankees . Varitek struck out swinging . Ortiz walked . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ortiz out at second . Garciaparra grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Sheffield fouled out to catcher . Rodriguez singled to center . Giambi grounded into double play , second to third to first , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Lieber pitching for Yankees . Nixon grounded out to first . Millar homered to left . Mueller doubled to left . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Damon popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Posada singled to right . Matsui singled to right , Posada to second . Wilson flied out to left . Lofton singled to right , Posada scored , Matsui to second . Williams walked , Matsui to third , Lofton to second . Jeter struck out swinging . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Williams out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Lieber pitching for Yankees . Varitek safe at second on error by left fielder Matsui . Ortiz grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez struck out swinging . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 6th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third . Giambi walked , Rodriguez to second . Posada singled to center , Rodriguez scored , Giambi to second . Sierra hit for Wilson . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Posada out at second , Giambi to third . Sierra reached on infield single to first , Giambi scored , Matsui to second . Lofton doubled to right , Matsui scored , Sierra to third . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Cairo ran for Sierra . Williams doubled to deep right , Cairo and Lofton scored . Jeter grounded out to third . Cairo at second base . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Sheffield grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Nixon flied out to center . Millar homered to left . Mueller popped out to shortstop . Bellhorn hit for Gutierrez . Bellhorn at second base . Bellhorn flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Giambi grounded out to shortstop . Posada singled to center . Clark at first base . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Damon singled to center . Heredia pitching for Yankees . Varitek doubled to left , Damon scored . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Ortiz walked . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ortiz out at second , Varitek to third . Garciaparra hit by pitch . Leskanic pitching for Red Sox . Nixon flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Leskanic pitching for Red Sox . Cairo flied out to right . Lofton lined out to first . Williams grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Millar homered to left . Kapler ran for Mueller . Mueller safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Clark . Bellhorn grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kapler out at second . Damon doubled to left center , Bellhorn to third . Varitek struck out swinging . Youkilis at third base . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Ortiz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 9th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Jeter flied out to center . Sheffield doubled to left . Rodriguez singled to left , Sheffield scored . Rodriguez stole second . Clark struck out swinging . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Posada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Ramirez flied out to right . Garciaparra grounded out to third . Nixon fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Red Sox 7 .	Yanks take wild one at Fenway with run in 9th