Yankees - Top 1st . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Williams flied out to center . Jeter popped out to second . Sheffield flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Damon struck out swinging . Varitek grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez reached on infield single to second . Posada singled to center , Rodriguez to third . Matsui doubled to deep center , Rodriguez scored , Posada to third . Sierra lined out to shortstop . Clark grounded out to first , Posada scored , Matsui to third . Cairo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Ramirez struck out swinging . Garciaparra flied out to right . Nixon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Williams doubled to deep right . Jeter singled to left , Williams to third . Sheffield grounded into double play , second to first , Williams scored , Jeter out at second . Mirabelli catching . Wilson ran for Rodriguez . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Wilson at second base . Cairo at third base . Posada flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Millar singled to left . Mueller doubled to left , Millar to third . Bellhorn grounded out to second , Millar scored , Mueller to third . Damon grounded out to shortstop , Mueller scored . Mirabelli fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Matsui singled to center . Sierra flied out to right . Clark struck out swinging . Padilla pitching for Yankees . Cairo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Padilla pitching for Yankees . Ortiz walked . Ramirez doubled to left , Ortiz to third . Garciaparra singled to center , Ortiz and Ramirez scored . Nixon singled to left center , Garciaparra to second . Millar singled to left center , Garciaparra to third , Nixon to second . Mueller grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Garciaparra out at home , Nixon to third , Millar to second . Bellhorn lined out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Williams popped out to first . Jeter grounded out to third . Sheffield flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Padilla pitching for Yankees . Damon singled to center . Mirabelli struck out swinging . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Damon out at second . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop . Posada doubled to left center , Wilson to third . Matsui doubled to right , Wilson and Posada scored . Sierra popped out to third . Clark struck out swinging . Cairo singled to center , Matsui scored . Leskanic pitching for Red Sox . Williams singled to left , Cairo to second . Jeter walked , Cairo to third , Williams to second . Sheffield walked , Cairo scored , Williams to third , Jeter to second . Wilson singled to center , Williams and Jeter scored , Sheffield to third . Malaska pitching for Red Sox . Posada walked , Wilson to second . Matsui struck out looking . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Padilla pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra singled to right center . Nixon walked , Garciaparra to second . Millar singled to left , Garciaparra to third , Nixon to second . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Mueller hit sacrifice fly to center , Garciaparra scored , Nixon to third . Bellhorn doubled to left , Nixon scored , Millar to third . Damon singled to shallow left , Millar scored , Bellhorn to third . Heredia pitching for Yankees . Mirabelli struck out swinging . Ortiz walked , Damon to second . Ramirez walked , Bellhorn scored , Damon to third , Ortiz to second . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Malaska pitching for Red Sox . Sierra homered to left . Clark safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Mueller . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Cairo grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Clark safe at second on error by pitcher Malaska . Williams safe at first on error by shortstop Garciaparra , Clark to third , Cairo to second . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Clark out at home , Cairo to third , Williams to second . Sheffield struck out swinging . Wilson lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 3 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Nixon walked . Nixon to second on balk by Proctor . Millar struck out swinging . Mueller flied out to right . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Bellhorn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Posada grounded out to first . Matsui struck out swinging . Sierra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Damon grounded out to first . Mirabelli grounded out to third . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Ortiz singled to right center . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Clark grounded out to shortstop . Cairo bunt grounded out to pitcher . Williams flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra doubled to left center . Nixon flied out to right , Garciaparra to third . McCarty ran for Millar . Millar singled to right center , Garciaparra scored . Mueller homered to right center , McCarty scored . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 10 - Red Sox 11 .	Mueller 's HR caps wild BoSox win vs. Yanks