Yankees - Top 1st . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Williams grounded out to first . Jeter homered to left center . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Loaiza pitching for Yankees . Johnson grounded out to third . Hudson singled to left . Wells grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hudson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui homered to right . Posada lined out to second . Olerud walked . Cairo grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Olerud out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Loaiza pitching for Yankees . Delgado hit by pitch . Rios flied out to right . Hinske walked , Delgado to second . Zaun grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hinske out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Lofton grounded out to first . Williams walked . Williams caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Jeter walked . Sheffield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Loaiza pitching for Yankees . Gross walked . Gross stole second . Woodward flied out to right . Johnson doubled to left , Gross scored . Hudson grounded out to second , Johnson to third . Wells grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez walked . Matsui singled to right , Rodriguez to third . Posada lined out to shortstop . Olerud walked , Matsui to second . Cairo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Olerud out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Loaiza pitching for Yankees . Delgado flied out to center . Rios flied out to center . Hinske walked . Zaun singled to center , Hinske to third . Gross singled to right , Hinske scored , Zaun to third . Woodward singled to left , Zaun scored , Gross to second . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Lofton singled to right . Williams homered to right , Lofton scored . Jeter singled to left . Sheffield walked , Jeter to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sheffield out at second , Jeter to third . Matsui hit sacrifice fly to left , Jeter scored , Rodriguez to second . Frederick pitching for Blue Jays . Posada intentionally walked . Olerud singled to right , Rodriguez scored , Posada to third . Cairo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Olerud out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Loaiza pitching for Yankees . Hudson doubled to center . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Delgado singled to center , Hudson scored . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Rios grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Delgado out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Frederick pitching for Blue Jays . Lofton grounded out to second . Williams popped out to second . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Hinske struck out swinging . Zaun struck out swinging . Gross flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Frederick pitching for Blue Jays . Sheffield fouled out to catcher . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third . Rodriguez stole second . Matsui walked . Posada fouled out to third . Sierra hit for Cairo . Olerud walked , Rodriguez to third , Matsui to second . Sierra walked , Rodriguez scored , Matsui to third , Olerud to second . Maurer pitching for Blue Jays . Lofton walked , Matsui scored , Olerud to third , Sierra to second . Wilson at second base . Williams grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Woodward struck out swinging . Johnson singled to center . Hudson singled to left , Johnson to second . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hudson out at second , Johnson to third . Nitkowski pitching for Yankees . Delgado homered to center , Johnson and Wells scored . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Rios singled to right . Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays . Hinske grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter flied out to center . Sheffield grounded out to third . Rodriguez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Zaun flied out to center . Gross lined out to shortstop . Woodward walked . Johnson singled to center , Woodward to second . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Hudson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui fouled out to shortstop . Posada flied out to right . Olerud singled to left . Wilson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Wells flied out to right . Delgado lined out to first . Rios struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Blue Jays 7 .	Yankees ' offense picks up Loaiza 's slack