Indians - Top 1st. Smith pitching for Royals. Brantley singled to center. Cabrera struck out looking. Swisher safe at first on error by third baseman Moustakas, Brantley to second. Reynolds singled to left, Brantley to third, Swisher to second. Santana singled to center, Brantley scored, Swisher to third, Reynolds to second. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to first, Swisher scored, Santana out at second, Reynolds to third. Raburn grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 1st. Kluber pitching for Indians. Gordon flied out to left. Escobar singled to left. Butler flied out to left. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Smith pitching for Royals. Gomes struck out swinging. Stubbs grounded out to shortstop. Brantley fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Cain grounded out to third. Moustakas doubled to deep left center. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop, Moustakas to third. Kottaras grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Smith pitching for Royals. Cabrera singled to center. Swisher flied out to right. Reynolds struck out swinging. Santana singled to shallow center, Cabrera to third. Aviles homered to left (426 feet), Cabrera and Santana scored. Raburn struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Getz popped out to shortstop. Gordon struck out swinging. Escobar singled to right. Butler doubled to deep right, Escobar to third. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Smith pitching for Royals. Gomes tripled to deep right. Stubbs hit sacrifice fly to center, Gomes scored. Brantley grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Cain flied out to right. Moustakas struck out swinging. Francoeur reached on infield single to shortstop. Kottaras doubled to deep right, Francoeur to third. Getz singled to center, Francoeur and Kottaras scored. Gordon flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Smith pitching for Royals. Swisher walked. Chen pitching for Royals. Reynolds flied out to center. Santana popped out to second. Aviles grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Escobar flied out to center. Butler popped out to second. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Chen pitching for Royals. Raburn struck out swinging. Gomes struck out swinging, Gomes safe at first on passed ball by Kottaras. Stubbs struck out swinging. Brantley hit by pitch, Gomes to second. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Cain grounded out to shortstop. Moustakas flied out to left. Francoeur struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Chen pitching for Royals. Swisher singled to right. Reynolds singled to left, Swisher to second. Santana singled to right, Swisher to third, Reynolds to second. Aviles hit sacrifice fly to center, Swisher scored, Reynolds to third. Raburn struck out swinging, Santana stole second, Reynolds scored on throwing error by second baseman Getz. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 7th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Kottaras struck out swinging. Getz struck out looking. Gordon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Gutierrez pitching for Royals. Stubbs struck out swinging. Brantley reached on infield single to shortstop. Cabrera tripled to deep right, Brantley scored. Swisher hit sacrifice fly to right, Cabrera scored. Reynolds flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Pestano pitching for Indians. Escobar walked. Johnson ran for Escobar. Butler walked, Johnson to second. Hosmer singled to left, Johnson to third, Butler to second. Cain hit sacrifice fly to right, Johnson scored, Hosmer tagged out at second, Butler to third. Moustakas flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Johnson at shortstop. Gutierrez pitching for Royals. Santana singled to center. Aviles grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Santana out at second. Raburn singled to center. Gomes popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Francoeur grounded out to pitcher. Kottaras struck out looking. Getz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 10 - Royals 3.	Aviles knocks in 5 as Indians earn split of DH