Rays - Top 1st. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Jennings struck out swinging. Joyce homered to right (382 feet). Zobrist homered to right (390 feet). Longoria struck out swinging. Loney grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Gordon flied out to center. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Butler singled to left. Hosmer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Escobar lined out to second. Scott reached on infield single to shortstop. Lobaton walked, Scott to second. Johnson doubled to deep right, Scott scored, Lobaton to third. Jennings hit sacrifice fly to center, Lobaton scored, Johnson to third. Joyce grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Cain grounded out to shortstop. Moustakas singled to shallow right center. Francoeur struck out swinging. Perez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Zobrist flied out to center. Longoria tripled to left. Loney singled to center, Longoria scored. Escobar grounded into double play, third to second to first, Loney out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Johnson homered to right (381 feet). Gordon struck out swinging. Escobar singled to center. Butler singled to center, Escobar to second. Hosmer walked, Escobar to third, Butler to second. Cain grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hosmer out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Scott homered to right (428 feet). Lobaton grounded out to second. Johnson flied out to left. Jennings struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Moustakas flied out to center. Francoeur hit by pitch. Perez singled to left center, Francoeur to second. Johnson struck out swinging. Gordon singled to right, Francoeur scored, Perez to third. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gordon out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Chen pitching for Royals. Joyce flied out to center. Zobrist fouled out to right. Longoria singled to center. Loney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Butler doubled to deep left. Hosmer struck out swinging. Cain tripled to deep right center, Butler scored. Moustakas hit sacrifice fly to center, Cain scored. Francoeur struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Chen pitching for Royals. Escobar singled to center. Scott walked, Escobar to second. Lobaton sacrificed to pitcher, Escobar to third, Scott to second. Johnson struck out looking. Jennings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. McGee pitching for Rays. Perez singled to left center. Johnson grounded out to first. Gordon singled to right center, Perez to second. Escobar singled to shallow right, Perez to third, Gordon to second. Butler lined out to pitcher, Perez scored, Gordon to third, Escobar to second. Hosmer reached on infield single to shortstop, Gordon scored, Escobar to third. Cain singled to left center, Escobar scored, Hosmer to second. Moustakas walked, Hosmer to third, Cain to second. Farnsworth pitching for Rays. Francoeur singled to center, Hosmer and Cain scored, Moustakas to second. Perez struck out looking. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Collins pitching for Royals. Joyce struck out looking. Zobrist singled to center. Longoria doubled to deep right center, Zobrist to third. Loney reached on infield single to third, Zobrist scored. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to first, Loney out at second, Longoria to third. Scott singled to left center, Longoria scored, Escobar to second. Crow pitching for Royals. Lobaton grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Wright pitching for Rays. Johnson struck out looking. Gordon grounded out to first. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. James Crow pitching for Royals. Johnson struck out looking. Jennings flied out to center. Joyce flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Peralta pitching for Rays. Butler fouled out to first. Hosmer grounded out to first. Cain grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Holland pitching for Royals. Zobrist grounded out to second. Longoria struck out swinging. Loney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 8 - Royals 9.	Royals rally from 5 runs down to beat Rays