Tigers - Top 1st. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Jackson walked. Hunter struck out looking. Cabrera walked, Jackson to second. Fielder singled to right, Jackson scored, Cabrera to second. Martinez singled to deep right, Cabrera scored, Fielder to third. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fielder out at home, Martinez to second. Dirks lined out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Gordon walked. Hosmer popped out to shortstop. Butler singled to left center, Gordon to third. Perez hit sacrifice fly to right, Gordon scored, Butler to second. Cain lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Avila doubled to deep center. Santiago reached on infield single to third, Avila to third. Jackson struck out swinging. Hunter hit sacrifice fly to left, Avila scored. Cabrera singled to right, Santiago to third. Fielder lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Moustakas flied out to right. Lough flied out to left. Escobar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Martinez grounded out to second. Peralta singled to left. Dirks lined out to left. Avila struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Getz lined out to right. Gordon struck out swinging. Hosmer singled to center. Hosmer to second on passed ball by Avila. Butler walked. Perez doubled to deep right, Hosmer and Butler scored, Perez thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Santiago grounded out to first. Jackson struck out swinging. Hunter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Cain singled to right. Moustakas singled to right, Cain to second. Lough singled to center, Cain to third, Moustakas to second. Escobar lined out to second. Getz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cain scored, Lough out at second, Moustakas to third. Getz stole second. Gordon walked. Hosmer walked, Moustakas scored, Getz to third, Gordon to second. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gordon out at third, Hosmer to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Cabrera struck out swinging. Fielder singled to right. Johnson at second base. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fielder out at second. Peralta singled to left, Martinez to second. Dirks reached on infield single to first, Martinez to third, Peralta to second. Avila reached on infield single to shortstop, Martinez and Peralta scored, Dirks to second. Santiago grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Perez struck out swinging. Cain fouled out to first. Moustakas homered to right (390 feet). Lough flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Jackson flied out to right. Hunter grounded out to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Escobar flied out to left. Johnson struck out swinging. Gordon safe at first on error by first baseman Fielder. Hosmer singled to right, Gordon to third. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Butler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 7th. Collins pitching for Royals. Fielder lined out to center. Martinez singled to left. Peralta flied out to right. Tuiasosopo hit for Dirks. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Tuiasosopo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Tuiasosopo in left field. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Perez lined out to center. Cain struck out swinging. Smyly pitching for Tigers. Moustakas singled to right. Lough grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Crow pitching for Royals. Avila singled to right. Kelly hit for Santiago. Kelly walked, Avila to second. Jackson sacrificed to pitcher, Avila to third, Kelly to second. Hunter grounded out to third. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Kelly at second base. Smyly pitching for Tigers. Escobar lined out to left. Johnson flied out to left. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Holland pitching for Royals. Fielder lined out to left. Martinez doubled to deep right. Perez ran for Martinez. Peralta flied out to right. Tuiasosopo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 5 - Royals 6.	Moustakas, Royals defeat Verlander, Tigers