Nationals - Top 1st. Chen pitching for Royals. Span walked. Zimmerman flied out to left. Harper struck out looking. Span caught stealing second, catcher to second. Werth batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Gordon doubled to deep center. Hosmer homered to left (387 feet), Gordon scored. Perez popped out to second. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Maxwell homered to left center (407 feet). Bonifacio walked. Escobar flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Chen pitching for Royals. Werth struck out swinging. Desmond grounded out to third. Ramos grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Getz grounded out to second. Carroll doubled to deep left. Gordon doubled to deep left center, Carroll scored. Hosmer singled to center, Gordon scored. Perez reached on infield single to shortstop, Hosmer to second. Butler singled to right center, Hosmer scored, Perez to second. Maxwell grounded into double play, third to second to first, Butler out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 3rd. Chen pitching for Royals. LaRoche flied out to left. Moore grounded out to second. Rendon singled to left center. Span tripled to deep center, Rendon scored. Zimmerman walked. Harper walked, Zimmerman to second. Werth flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Bonifacio walked. Escobar struck out looking, Bonifacio stole second. Getz grounded out to first, Bonifacio to third. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Chen pitching for Royals. Desmond singled to center. Ramos grounded into fielder's choice to third, Desmond out at second. LaRoche singled to center, Ramos to second. Moore singled to left, Ramos to third, LaRoche to second. Rendon hit sacrifice fly to right, Ramos scored, LaRoche to third. Span walked, Moore to second. Zimmerman walked, LaRoche scored, Moore to third, Span to second. Harper doubled to deep center, Moore, Span and Zimmerman scored. Coleman pitching for Royals. Harper stole third. Werth homered to center (434 feet), Harper scored. Desmond singled to right. Ramos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Desmond out at second. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Gordon singled to center. Hosmer walked, Gordon to second. Perez singled to center, Gordon scored, Hosmer to second. Butler lined out to center. Roark pitching for Nationals. Maxwell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Perez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Coleman pitching for Royals. LaRoche flied out to right. Moore struck out swinging. Rendon singled to center. Span grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Bonifacio grounded out to second. Escobar singled to left. Getz lined into double play, pitcher to first, Escobar out at first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Collins pitching for Royals. Zimmerman lined out to center. Harper struck out looking. Werth popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Carroll lined out to second. Gordon grounded out to first. Hosmer walked. Perez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Collins pitching for Royals. Desmond singled to deep left. Ramos doubled to deep center, Desmond to third. LaRoche walked. Herrera pitching for Royals. Moore singled to left, Desmond scored, Ramos to third, LaRoche to second. Rendon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ramos and LaRoche scored on throwing error by second baseman Getz, Moore safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Getz. Span grounded into fielder's choice to second, Moore out at home, Rendon to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Harper walked, Rendon to third, Span to second. Werth struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 7th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Butler struck out swinging. Maxwell flied out to center. Bonifacio lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Desmond flied out to right. Ramos grounded out to second. LaRoche flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Escobar flied out to right. Getz bunt grounded out to second. Carroll struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Moore singled to left center. Rendon struck out swinging. Span grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Moore out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Gordon walked. Hosmer doubled to deep right center, Gordon to third. Soriano pitching for Nationals. Perez grounded out to shortstop, Gordon scored. Butler singled to right, Hosmer to third. Dyson ran for Butler. Dyson stole second. Maxwell singled to center, Hosmer and Dyson scored. Bonifacio flied out to right. Escobar flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 11 - Royals 10.	Nats rally from 6 runs down to edge Royals