Nationals - Top 1st. Davis pitching for Royals. Span singled to center. Zimmerman singled to deep left, Span to third, Zimmerman out stretching at second. Harper singled to right, Span scored. Ramos grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Harper out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Gordon grounded out to second. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Davis pitching for Royals. Desmond struck out swinging. LaRoche lined out to center. Moore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Butler singled to deep right. Moustakas flied out to right. Maxwell struck out swinging. Lough singled to right, Butler to second. Kottaras popped out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Davis pitching for Royals. Tracy struck out swinging. Lombardozzi grounded out to first. Span grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Escobar singled to right. Gordon flied out to center. Bonifacio reached on infield single to shortstop, Escobar to second. Hosmer singled to center, Escobar scored, Bonifacio to second. Butler grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hosmer out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Davis pitching for Royals. Zimmerman walked. Harper singled to right, Zimmerman to third. Ramos hit sacrifice fly to right, Zimmerman scored, Harper to second. Desmond flied out to center. LaRoche intentionally walked. Moore doubled to deep left, Harper scored, LaRoche to third. Tracy singled to left center, LaRoche and Moore scored. Lombardozzi grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Moustakas singled to left center. Maxwell struck out swinging. Lough struck out swinging. Kottaras singled to right, Moustakas to second. Moustakas to third, Kottaras to second on wild pitch by Zimmermann. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Davis pitching for Royals. Span struck out looking. Zimmerman lined out to third. Harper flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Gordon popped out to shortstop. Bonifacio popped out to shortstop. Hosmer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Davis pitching for Royals. Ramos singled to deep center. Desmond homered to left center (416 feet), Ramos scored. LaRoche walked. Moore grounded out to third, LaRoche to second. Tracy fouled out to catcher. Lombardozzi grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Butler popped out to shortstop. Moustakas grounded out to second. Maxwell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Span flied out to left. Zimmerman struck out looking. Harper popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Lough lined out to right. Kottaras struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Desmond struck out swinging. LaRoche flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Gordon lined out to first. Bonifacio walked. Hosmer grounded out to pitcher, Bonifacio to second. Butler reached on infield single to shortstop, Bonifacio to third. Abad pitching for Nationals. Moustakas singled to right, Bonifacio scored, Butler to second. Maxwell walked, Butler to third, Moustakas to second. Lough struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Moore reached on infield single to second. Tracy popped out to third. Lombardozzi fouled out to third. Span struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Kottaras fouled out to second. Escobar popped out to second. Gordon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 7 - Royals 2.	Zimmermann bounces back as Nats cruise