Athletics - Top 1st . Elarton pitching for Royals . Kotsay flied out to left . Swisher walked . Chavez homered to center , Swisher scored . Thomas grounded out to shortstop . Crosby reached on infield single to pitcher . Payton lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Robinson doubled to center . Graffanino flied out to right , Robinson to third . Sweeney walked . Mientkiewicz popped out to second . Brown walked , Sweeney to second . Teahen safe at first on error by pitcher Blanton , Robinson scored , Sweeney to third , Brown to second . Berroa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 2nd . Elarton pitching for Royals . Johnson flied out to left . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Ellis walked . Kotsay walked , Ellis to second . Swisher homered to right , Ellis and Kotsay scored . Chavez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Bako struck out swinging . German reached on infield single to third , German to second on throwing error by third baseman Chavez . Robinson grounded out to shortstop , German to third . Graffanino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 3rd . Elarton pitching for Royals . Thomas hit by pitch . Thomas to second on wild pitch by Elarton . Crosby flied out to center . Peralta pitching for Royals . Payton singled to center , Thomas to third . Johnson grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Payton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Sweeney flied out to center . Mientkiewicz walked . Brown doubled to deep right center , Mientkiewicz scored , Brown to third advancing on throw . Teahen lined out to first . Berroa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Kendall flied out to left . Ellis flied out to right . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Bako grounded out to second . German singled to center . German caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Robinson singled to center . Graffanino lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Swisher grounded out to first . Chavez flied out to center . Thomas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Sweeney flied out to center . Mientkiewicz walked . Brown walked , Mientkiewicz to second . Teahen homered to center , Mientkiewicz and Brown scored . Berroa flied out to right . Hudson pitching for Royals . Bako struck out looking . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Crosby walked . Payton singled to left , Crosby to second . Johnson singled to right , Crosby to third , Payton to second . Sisco pitching for Royals . Kendall hit by pitch , Crosby scored , Payton to third , Johnson to second . Ellis struck out looking . Kotsay doubled to deep right , Payton and Johnson scored , Kendall to third . Robinson in center field . Sanders in right field . Swisher hit sacrifice fly to deepcenter , Kendall scored , Swisher safe at third on error by center fielder German . Kotsay scored , Swisher to third on error by center fielder German . Chavez singled to center , Swisher scored . Thomas flied out to right . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Crosby lined out to center . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 6th . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Sanders flied out to right . Robinson struck out looking . Graffanino walked . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Graffanino out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Sisco pitching for Royals . Payton singled to center . Johnson flied out to right . Kendall singled to center , Payton to second . Ellis fouled out to first . Kotsay reached on infield single to first , Payton scored , Kendall to second . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Swisher flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Mientkiewicz grounded out to shortstop . Brown singled to left . Teahen flied out to center . Dessens pitching for Royals . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brown out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Chavez singled to deep right . Perez hit for Thomas . Perez struck out swinging . Crosby grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Bako lined out to second . Sanders walked . Robinson singled to left center , Sanders to third , Robinson to second on error by center fielder Kotsay . Graffanino grounded out to second , Sanders scored , Robinson to third . Burgos pitching for Royals . Sweeney flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 9th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Payton fouled out to first . Johnson homered to center . Scutaro hit for Ellis . Kendall walked . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kendall out at second . Kotsay hit by pitch , Scutaro to second . Scutaro to third , Kotsay to second on wild pitch by Burgos . Scutaro at second base . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Swisher struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Mientkiewicz flied out to left . Brown flied out to right . Teahen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 13 - Royals 6 .	Swisher has homer , four RBI as A 's defeat Royals