Athletics - Top 1st . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Kendall struck out swinging . Swisher lined out to shortstop . Kielty doubled to deep left . Chavez walked . Thomas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Windsor pitching for Athletics . Roberts walked . Fahey sacrificed to pitcher , Roberts to second . Mora reached on infield single to second , Roberts to third . Tejada singled to center , Roberts scored , Mora to second . Conine grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tejada out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Payton grounded out to third . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . Crosby walked . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crosby out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Windsor pitching for Athletics . Hernandez walked . Patterson singled to left center , Hernandez to second . Millar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Patterson out at second , Hernandez to third . Markakis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Kendall grounded out to third . Swisher hit by pitch . Swisher caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Kielty flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Windsor pitching for Athletics . Roberts singled to center . Fahey grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Roberts out at second . Fahey stole second . Mora grounded out to second , Fahey to third . Tejada safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Windsor , Fahey scored . Conine singled to right , Tejada scored , Conine to second advancing on throw . Hernandez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 4th . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Chavez walked . Thomas walked , Chavez to second . Payton flied out to right . Bradley struck out looking . Crosby walked , Chavez to third , Thomas to second . Ellis walked , Chavez scored , Thomas to third , Crosby to second . Kendall struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Windsor pitching for Athletics . Patterson struck out swinging . Millar fouled out to first . Markakis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Swisher hit by pitch . Kielty grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Swisher out at second . Chavez struck out swinging . Kielty stole second . Thomas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Windsor pitching for Athletics . Roberts walked . Fahey flied out to right . Roberts stole second . Mora struck out swinging . Britton pitching for Orioles . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Payton singled to left . Bradley reached on bunt single to first , Payton to second . Crosby flied out to right , Payton to third . Payton stole home , Bradley stole second . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Ellis flied into double play , center to second to shortstop , Bradley doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Conine grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez flied out to left . Birkins pitching for Orioles . Patterson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Birkins pitching for Orioles . Kendall doubled to left . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Kielty grounded out to shortstop . Chavez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Millar lined out to third . Markakis singled to right . Roberts singled to left , Markakis to second . Fahey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Roberts out at second , Markakis to third . Mora singled to center , Markakis scored , Fahey to second . Tejada singled to center , Fahey scored , Mora to second . Williams pitching for Orioles . Conine struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Williams pitching for Orioles . Thomas flied out to right . Payton walked . Bradley flied out to center , Payton to second . Calero pitching for Athletics . Crosby struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Calero pitching for Athletics . Hernandez struck out swinging . Patterson grounded out to first . Millar singled to left center . Terrero in left field . Ray pitching for Orioles . Markakis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Ray pitching for Orioles . Ellis struck out swinging . Kendall singled to right . Swisher flied out to right . Kielty grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 3 - Orioles 5 .	Mora , Tejada lift O 's to third straight win