Devil Rays - Top 1st . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Baldelli grounded out to third . Crawford grounded out to first . Cantu walked . Norton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Kendall grounded out to third . Kielty singled to center , Kielty out stretching at second . Bradley singled to left . Thomas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Lee singled to center . Lee stole second . Navarro struck out swinging . Hollins flied out to right . Upton singled to center , Lee to third . Zobrist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Chavez singled to right center . Payton walked , Chavez to second . Swisher grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Payton out at second , Chavez to third . Scutaro singled to center , Chavez scored , Swisher to second . Ellis walked , Swisher to third , Scutaro to second . Kendall singled to right , Swisher and Scutaro scored , Ellis to third . Kielty walked , Kendall to second . Bradley walked , Ellis scored , Kendall to third , Kielty to second . Thomas popped out to first . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Chavez walked , Kendall scored , Kielty to third , Bradley to second . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Chavez out at second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Baldelli struck out swinging . Crawford singled to left . Crawford stole second . Cantu struck out swinging . Norton walked . Lee struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Swisher singled to right . Scutaro safe at first on error by second baseman Cantu , Swisher to third . Ellis struck out swinging . Kendall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Scutaro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Navarro flied out to center . Hollins doubled to left . Upton flied out to center . Zobrist reached on infield single to first , Hollins tagged out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Kielty flied out to center . Bradley walked . Thomas singled to left center , Bradley to second . Chavez struck out looking . Payton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Baldelli grounded out to second . Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop . Cantu grounded into double play , third to second to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Swisher struck out swinging . Scutaro flied out to right . Ellis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Norton doubled to deep left . Lee doubled to deep right center , Norton scored . Navarro flied out to left . Hollins flied out to left . Upton walked . Miceli pitching for Devil Rays . Zobrist grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Upton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Miceli pitching for Devil Rays . Kendall singled to center . Kielty grounded out to first , Kendall to second . Bradley walked . Thomas fouled out to first . Chavez walked , Kendall to third , Bradley to second . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Baldelli flied out to center . Calero pitching for Athletics . Crawford walked . Cantu struck out swinging , Crawford stole second . Norton homered to right , Crawford scored . Harville pitching for Devil Rays . Lee struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Harville pitching for Devil Rays . Swisher flied out to left . Scutaro singled to center . Scutaro to second on balk by Harville . Ellis singled to right , Scutaro scored . Kendall grounded out to second , Ellis to second . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Kielty struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Navarro popped out to shortstop . Hollins struck out looking . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . Perez ran for Thomas . Thomas walked . Perez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Street pitching for Athletics . Chavez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Street pitching for Athletics . Zobrist struck out looking . Baldelli singled to left . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Baldelli out at second . Crawford to second on fielder 's indifference . Cantu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 3 - Athletics 6 .	Fossum 's road woes continue in loss to A 's , Blanton