Athletics - Top 1st . Volquez pitching for Rangers . Kendall grounded out to second . Kotsay walked . Bradley grounded out to first , Kotsay to second . Thomas popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Zito pitching for Athletics . Matthews Jr grounded out to third . Young grounded out to second . Lee fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Volquez pitching for Rangers . Chavez reached on infield single to shortstop . Payton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Chavez out at second . Swisher singled to right . Scutaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Teixeira flied out to center . DeRosa walked . Kinsler flied out to right . DeRosa stole second . Blalock popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Volquez pitching for Rangers . Ellis doubled to right . Kendall singled to right , Ellis to third . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ellis scored , Kendall out at second . Bradley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kotsay out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Barajas lined out to center . Hairston Jr flied out to left . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Volquez pitching for Rangers . Thomas flied out to left . Chavez singled to right . Payton singled to center , Chavez to second . Swisher struck out looking . Scutaro walked , Chavez to third , Payton to second . Ellis walked , Chavez scored , Payton to third , Scutaro to second . Kendall singled to left , Payton scored , Scutaro to third , Ellis to second . Kotsay popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Young flied out to right . Lee popped out to first . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Bradley grounded out to second . Thomas walked . Chavez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Thomas out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Zito pitching for Athletics . DeRosa popped out to second . Kinsler grounded out to third . Blalock popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Payton singled to left . Swisher struck out swinging . Scutaro struck out looking . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Barajas popped out to first . Hairston Jr struck out looking . Matthews Jr grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Kendall popped out to first . Kotsay singled to left . Bradley walked , Kotsay to second . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Thomas fouled out to first . Chavez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Young grounded out to second . Lee grounded out to second . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Teixeira grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Payton grounded out to shortstop . Swisher flied out to left . Scutaro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Zito pitching for Athletics . DeRosa singled to center . Kinsler popped out to second . Blalock flied out to left . Barajas popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Ellis singled to right . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ellis out at second . Kotsay singled to center , Kendall to second . Bradley doubled to deep right center , Kendall and Kotsay scored . Perez ran for Thomas . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Thomas safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Young , Bradley scored . Chavez hit by pitch , Perez to second . Payton reached on infield single to shortstop , Perez to third , Chavez to second . Swisher doubled to left , Perez , Chavez and Payton scored . Scutaro struck out looking . Ellis popped out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Hairston Jr flied out to left . Matthews Jr walked . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Matthews Jr to second . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Lee tripled to deep right , Matthews Jr and Young scored . Teixeira grounded out to first , Lee scored . DeRosa reached on infield single to third . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeRosa out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Rangers 3 .	Zito tosses near no - hitter , earns career win No . 100