Rangers - Top 1st . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Matthews Jr singled to center . Young struck out looking . Matthews Jr stole second . Teixeira struck out swinging . Lee struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Kendall singled to right center . Kotsay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kendall out at second . Bradley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Blalock grounded out to shortstop . DeRosa doubled to deep right center . Kinsler doubled to deep left center , DeRosa scored . Laird flied out to center . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Thomas flied out to center . Chavez popped out to shortstop . Payton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Matthews Jr singled to left . Young singled to right , Matthews Jr to second . Teixeira homered to right , Matthews Jr and Young scored . Lee lined out to right . Blalock flied out to right . DeRosa singled to left . Kinsler singled to center , DeRosa to third . Laird flied out to left . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Swisher walked . Ellis struck out swinging . Scutaro reached on infield single to shortstop , Swisher to second . Kendall doubled to deep center , Swisher scored , Scutaro to third . Kotsay hit sacrifice fly to center , Scutaro scored . Bradley struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Matthews Jr reached on infield single to second . Young struck out swinging . Teixeira homered to right , Matthews Jr scored . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Thomas homered to left . Chavez popped out to second . Payton grounded out to pitcher . Swisher lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Blalock singled to right . DeRosa grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blalock out at second . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Ellis struck out looking . Scutaro grounded out to second . Kendall singled to left . Kotsay singled to left , Kendall to second . Bradley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kotsay out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Laird grounded out to third . Cruz fouled out to first . Matthews Jr grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Thomas singled to left center . Chavez singled to deep left center , Thomas to second . Payton grounded out to pitcher , Thomas to third , Chavez to second . Swisher grounded out to first , Thomas scored , Chavez to third . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Ellis singled to right , Chavez scored . Scutaro singled to right , Ellis to third . Kendall walked , Scutaro to second . Kotsay doubled to deep left , Ellis , Scutaro and Kendall scored . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Bradley singled to right , Kotsay scored , Bradley to second advancing on throw . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Thomas grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Young singled to left center . Teixeira flied out to right . Sauerbeck pitching for Athletics . Lee walked , Young to second . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Blalock lined out to center . DeRosa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Chavez walked . Payton reached on bunt single to pitcher , Chavez to second . Swisher struck out looking . Ellis singled to right , Chavez to third , Payton to second . Scutaro struck out swinging . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Kinsler fouled out to catcher . Laird struck out swinging . Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop . Rheinecker pitching for Rangers . Matthews Jr lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Rheinecker pitching for Rangers . Kotsay grounded out to first . Bradley singled to left . Thomas grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bradley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Young singled to left . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young out at second . Lee struck out swinging . Blalock flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 6 - Athletics 9 .	Kotsay 's three - run double helps A 's avoid home sweep