Indians - Top 1st . Haren pitching for Athletics . Sizemore struck out swinging . Michaels walked . Martinez homered to right , Michaels scored . Garko grounded out to second . Blake lined out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Kendall grounded out to second . Kotsay singled to center . Bradley singled to left center , Kotsay to third . Thomas grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bradley out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Kouzmanoff singled to deep right center . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kouzmanoff out at second . Luna grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . Payton singled to right . Swisher struck out swinging , Payton stole second . Scutaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Marte reached on infield single to shortstop . Sizemore doubled to right , Marte to third . Michaels fouled out to third . Martinez intentionally walked . Garko struck out swinging . Blake doubled to deep left , Marte and Sizemore scored , Martinez to third . Kouzmanoff walked . Peralta flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Ellis grounded out to third . Kendall grounded out to second . Kotsay singled to right . Bradley singled to left , Kotsay to second . Thomas grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Luna homered to left . Marte flied out to left . Sizemore singled to right . Sizemore stole second . Michaels grounded out to shortstop . Martinez intentionally walked . Garko fouled out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Chavez struck out swinging . Payton flied out to left . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Blake singled to center . Kouzmanoff lined out to second . Peralta singled to left , Blake to third . Flores pitching for Athletics . Luna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blake scored , Peralta out at second . Marte singled to center , Luna to third . Luna scored , Marte to second on wild pitch by Flores . Sizemore flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Scutaro reached on infield single to pitcher . Ellis doubled to deep left , Scutaro to third . Kendall safe at first on error by second baseman Luna , Scutaro scored , Ellis to third . Kotsay hit sacrifice fly to left , Ellis scored . Bradley grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kendall out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Flores pitching for Athletics . Michaels grounded out to pitcher . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Martinez doubled to deep right . Garko struck out swinging . Blake walked . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Thomas reached on infield single to shortstop . Chavez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Thomas out at second . Payton doubled to center . Swisher popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Peralta singled to center . Luna flied out to right . Sauerbeck pitching for Athletics . Marte flied out to left . Sizemore hit by pitch , Peralta to second . Michaels grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Scutaro lined out to pitcher . Ellis grounded out to third . Kendall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . Garko singled to right . Blake flied out to center . Garko to second on balk by Gaudin . Kouzmanoff lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Kotsay grounded out to second . Bradley struck out looking . Lara pitching for Indians . Thomas walked . Windsor pitching for Athletics . Chavez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Windsor pitching for Athletics . Peralta grounded out to third . Luna flied out to right . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Marte fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Payton flied out to center . Swisher flied out to right . Scutaro fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 7 - Athletics 2 .	Indians get to Haren , snap A 's four - game win streak