Angels - Top 1st . Haren pitching for Athletics . Izturis safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Swisher . Cabrera flied out to center . Guerrero popped out to first . Izturis caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Anderson batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Kotsay flied out to left . Bradley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Anderson grounded out to first . Rivera grounded out to pitcher . Kennedy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Thomas flied out to right . Chavez singled to center . Payton grounded into double play , second to first , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Kendrick reached on infield single to shortstop . Molina sacrificed to third , Kendrick to second . Figgins reached on infield single to second , Kendrick to third . Izturis tripled to deep right center , Kendrick and Figgins scored . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Izturis scored . Guerrero singled to center . Anderson flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Swisher flied out to left . Ellis flied out to center . Scutaro safe at first on error by third baseman Izturis . Kendall hit by pitch , Scutaro to second . Kotsay flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 4th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Rivera grounded out to pitcher . Kennedy grounded out to pitcher . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Bradley walked . Thomas flied out to center . Chavez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Bradley out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Molina flied out to center . Figgins grounded out to second . Izturis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Payton popped out to shortstop . Swisher struck out looking . Ellis lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Cabrera singled to left . Guerrero homered to center , Cabrera scored . Anderson struck out swinging . Rivera doubled to right , Rivera to third on error by right fielder Bradley . Kennedy hit sacrifice fly to left , Rivera scored . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Scutaro tripled to left . Kendall struck out swinging . Kotsay grounded out to second , Scutaro scored . Halsey pitching for Athletics . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Halsey pitching for Athletics . Molina grounded out to second . Figgins walked . Izturis walked , Figgins to second . Figgins stole third , Izturis stole second . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Figgins out at home , Izturis to third . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Santana pitching for Angels . Thomas grounded out to shortstop . Chavez walked . Payton flied out to left . Swisher grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Anderson singled to right . Rivera singled to center , Anderson to second . Kennedy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rivera out at second , Anderson to third . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson scored , Kennedy out at second . Molina struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Santana pitching for Angels . Ellis flied out to right . Scutaro fouled out to catcher . Flores pitching for Athletics . Kendall grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Flores pitching for Athletics . Figgins popped out to second . Izturis flied out to right . Romero pitching for Angels . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Romero pitching for Angels . Kotsay grounded out to first . Bradley flied out to right . Thomas lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - Athletics 1 .	A 's fail to clinch AL West ( again )