Athletics - Top 1st . Meche pitching for Mariners . Bocachica reached on infield single to third , Bocachica to second on throwing error by third baseman Beltre . Scutaro doubled to right , Bocachica scored . Kielty struck out swinging . Swisher doubled to deep left , Scutaro scored . Johnson flied out to center . Melhuse grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Windsor pitching for Athletics . Suzuki walked . Beltre popped out to second . Johjima struck out looking . Ibanez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Jimenez walked . Brown lined out to third . Perez tripled to deep right center , Jimenez scored . Bocachica flied out to right . Scutaro walked . Kielty grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Windsor pitching for Athletics . Sexson doubled to deep center . Broussard popped out to shortstop . Lopez grounded out to shortstop , Sexson to third . Snelling grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Swisher lined out to second . Johnson struck out looking . Melhuse doubled to right . Jimenez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Windsor pitching for Athletics . Betancourt flied out to left . Suzuki tripled to deep left . Beltre hit sacrifice fly to right , Suzuki scored . Johjima flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Brown grounded out to third . Perez popped out to second . Bocachica walked . Scutaro walked , Bocachica to second . Kielty grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Windsor pitching for Athletics . Ibanez singled to right center . Sexson doubled to deep center , Ibanez scored . Broussard singled to right , Sexson to third . Lopez reached on infield single to pitcher , Sexson scored , Broussard to second . Snelling sacrificed to catcher , Broussard to third , Lopez to second . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop , Broussard scored , Lopez to third . Suzuki singled to center , Lopez scored . Beltre flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Swisher walked . Johnson singled to right , Swisher to second . Melhuse struck out swinging . Jimenez struck out swinging . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Windsor pitching for Athletics . Johjima flied out to right . Ibanez walked . Sexson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ibanez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Perez popped out to first . Bocachica grounded out to first . Halsey pitching for Athletics . Scutaro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Halsey pitching for Athletics . Broussard flied out to right . Lopez struck out swinging . Snelling walked . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Betancourt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Kielty walked . Swisher struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to third , Kielty to second . Melhuse singled to right , Kielty scored , Melhuse to second advancing on throw . Jimenez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Halsey pitching for Athletics . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Beltre flied out to left . Johjima singled to left . Calero pitching for Athletics . Ibanez singled to shallow right , Johjima to second . Bohn in right field . Huber pitching for Mariners . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ibanez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Huber pitching for Mariners . Brown walked . Perez walked , Brown to second . Bocachica lined out to left . Flores pitching for Athletics . Perez hit for Broussard . Scutaro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Perez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Flores pitching for Athletics . Perez popped out to second . Lopez doubled to right center . Bohn fouled out to first . Betancourt doubled to deep left , Lopez scored . Putz pitching for Mariners . Suzuki struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Kielty reached on bunt single to shortstop . Swisher singled to right , Kielty to second . Johnson tripled to deep center , Kielty and Swisher scored . Melhuse struck out swinging . Jimenez intentionally walked . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johnson out at home , Jimenez to second . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Perez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Beltre struck out swinging . Johjima grounded out to second . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 10th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Bocachica singled to left . Scutaro sacrificed to pitcher , Bocachica to second . Kielty doubled to deep center , Bocachica scored . Swisher intentionally walked . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Swisher out at second , Kielty to third . Street pitching for Athletics . Melhuse flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 10th . Dobbs hit for Perez . Street pitching for Athletics . Sexson struck out swinging . Dobbs struck out swinging . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 7 - Mariners 6 .	A 's rally past M 's behind Kielty 's RBI double in 10th