Athletics - Top 1st . Moseley pitching for Angels . Kendall singled to left . Kotsay walked , Kendall to second . Bradley flied out to right , Kendall to third . Thomas hit sacrifice fly to center , Kendall scored . Kotsay stole second . Chavez singled to center , Kotsay scored , Chavez to third on throwing error by center fielder Willits . Payton lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 1st . Harden pitching for Athletics . Izturis reached on infield single to shortstop . Willits reached on infield single to shortstop , Izturis to second . Salmon walked , Izturis to third , Willits to second . Kennedy walked , Izturis scored , Willits to third , Salmon to second . Quinlan grounded out to pitcher , Willits scored , Salmon to third , Kennedy to second . Morales hit sacrifice fly to center , Salmon scored , Kennedy to third . Pride grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Moseley pitching for Angels . Swisher flied out to center . Scutaro walked . Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop , Scutaro to second . Kendall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Harden pitching for Athletics . Mathis struck out swinging . Murphy walked . Izturis flied out to center . Murphy caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Willits batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Moseley pitching for Angels . Kotsay singled to center . Bradley doubled to deep right , Kotsay to third . Thomas homered to left , Kotsay and Bradley scored . Chavez struck out looking . Payton singled to right . Swisher grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Payton out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Harden pitching for Athletics . Willits struck out swinging . Salmon fouled out to catcher . Kennedy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Moseley pitching for Angels . Scutaro singled to right . Scutaro stole second . Ellis grounded out to shortstop , Scutaro to third . Kendall flied out to left . Bocachica ran for Kotsay . Kotsay doubled to center , Scutaro scored . Johnson ran for Bradley . Brown hit for Thomas . Bradley singled to center , Bocachica scored . Bocachica in center field . Johnson at first base . Payton in right field . Swisher in left field . Brown grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Quinlan grounded out to second . Morales walked . Pride walked , Morales to second . Mathis homered to center , Morales and Pride scored . Murphy grounded out to pitcher . Halsey pitching for Athletics . Izturis walked . Izturis stole second . Willits walked . Quinlan in left field . McPherson at third base . Romero pitching for Angels . Salmon popped out to first . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Romero pitching for Angels . Chavez grounded out to second . Payton flied out to left . Jimenez at third base . Swisher popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Halsey pitching for Athletics . Kennedy singled to left . Quinlan singled to center , Kennedy to third . Morales grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kennedy scored , Quinlan out at second . McPherson homered to left . Mathis singled to right . Murphy flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Romero pitching for Angels . Scutaro singled to center . Melhuse hit for Kendall . Ellis doubled to deep right center , Scutaro to third . Melhuse hit sacrifice fly to left , Scutaro scored . Ellis stole third . Bocachica walked . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ellis scored , Bocachica out at second . Jones pitching for Angels . Brown doubled to left , Johnson to third . Jimenez walked . Payton walked , Johnson scored , Brown to third , Jimenez to second . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Melhuse catching . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Swisher flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Izturis grounded out to second . Willits walked . Salmon grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Willits out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Scutaro singled to left . Ellis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Scutaro out at second . Melhuse walked . Kielty in left field . Bocachica flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Kennedy flied out to left . Quinlan homered to center . Morales lined out to shortstop . McPherson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Johnson flied out to center . Brown popped out to second . Street pitching for Athletics . Jimenez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Street pitching for Athletics . Mathis doubled to deep left . Murphy singled to center , Mathis to third . Izturis reached on infield single to second , Mathis scored , Murphy to second . Willits sacrificed to catcher , Murphy to third , Izturis to second . Salmon popped out to shortstop . Kennedy intentionally walked . Quinlan flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Payton singled to right . Kielty sacrificed to pitcher , Payton to second . Scutaro walked . Ellis struck out swinging . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Melhuse lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Morales grounded out to shortstop . McPherson grounded out to first . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 10th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Bocachica popped out to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Brown doubled to left . Jimenez walked . Payton reached on infield single to pitcher , Brown to third , Jimenez to second , Brown scored , Jimenez to third , Payton to second on throwing error by pitcher Donnelly . Kielty hit by pitch . Flores pitching for Athletics . Scutaro flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 10th . Flores pitching for Athletics . Murphy struck out swinging . Izturis lined out to right . Willits fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 11 - Angels 10 .	Big Hurt drives in four as A 's edge Angels in 10