Phillies - Top 1st . Brown pitching for Dodgers . Rollins grounded out to first . Ledee grounded out to pitcher . Abreu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Romano flied out to right . Lo Duca flied out to right . Green struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Brown pitching for Dodgers . Burrell struck out looking . Thome struck out looking . Lieberthal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Wolf pitching for Phillies . McGriff grounded out to second . Kinkade reached on infield single to shortstop . Beltre walked , Kinkade to second . Cabrera struck out looking . Izturis reached on infield single to shortstop , Kinkade to third , Beltre to second . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Brown pitching for Dodgers . Bell struck out swinging . Perez singled to center . Wolf struck out swinging . Rollins hit ground rule double to deep right center , Perez to third . Ledee grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Romano struck out swinging . Lo Duca homered to left . Green struck out swinging . McGriff grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Brown pitching for Dodgers . Abreu reached on infield single to second . Burrell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Abreu out at second . Thome grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Kinkade fouled out to third . Beltre singled to right . Cabrera reached on infield single to third , Beltre to second . Izturis singled to shallow right center , Beltre to third , Cabrera to second . Brown hit sacrifice fly to center , Beltre scored . Romano grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Brown pitching for Dodgers . Lieberthal singled to center . Bell struck out swinging . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lieberthal out at second . Wolf struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Lo Duca doubled to left . Green struck out swinging . McGriff singled to right , Lo Duca to third advancing on play . Kinkade grounded into double play , third to second to first , McGriff out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Brown pitching for Dodgers . Rollins flied out to center . Ledee flied out to deep left . Abreu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Beltre homered to left center . Cabrera flied out to right . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Brown singled to left . Romano fouled out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Brown pitching for Dodgers . Burrell grounded out to third . Thome grounded out to second . Lieberthal homered to left center . Bell grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop . Green doubled to left . McGriff grounded out to pitcher , Green to third . Kinkade hit by pitch . Beltre walked , Kinkade to second . Silva pitching for Phillies . Cabrera hit by pitch , Green scored , Kinkade to third , Beltre to second . Ward hit for Brown . Izturis singled to left , Kinkade and Beltre scored , Cabrera to third , Izturis to second advancing on throw . Quantrill pitching for Dodgers . Ward grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Houston hit for Silva . Quantrill pitching for Dodgers . Perez reached on infield single to shortstop . Houston singled to center , Perez to second . Rollins fouled out to left . Ledee flied out to deep center , Perez to third . Martin pitching for Dodgers . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Romano grounded out to pitcher . Lo Duca flied out to center . Brohawn pitching for Dodgers . Green grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Brohawn pitching for Dodgers . Burrell flied out to left . Thome walked . Lieberthal doubled to left , Thome to third , Thome scored on error by left fielder Kinkade . Bell flied out to right . Perez flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 2 - Dodgers 6 .	Brown 's gem helps Dodgers cool off Phillies