Dodgers - Top 1st . Izturis grounded out to second . Lo Duca doubled to left . Green grounded out to second , Lo Duca to third . Jordan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Crisp safe at first on error by first baseman McGriff . McDonald grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Crisp out at second . Bradley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 2nd . McGriff grounded out to shortstop . Coomer flied out to right . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Spencer grounded out to shortstop . Gerut lined out to third . Blake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Beltre lined out to left . Cora grounded out to shortstop . Izturis tripled to left center . Lo Duca hit by pitch . Green flied out to shallow left center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Laker grounded out to shortstop . Phillips flied out to left . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Jordan flied out to center . McGriff walked . Coomer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McGriff out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Crisp reached on infield single to second . Crisp stole second . McDonald struck out swinging . Bradley singled to center , Crisp scored , Bradley to second advancing on throw . Spencer struck out swinging . Gerut struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Cabrera struck out swinging . Beltre flied out to left . Cora grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Blake walked . Laker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blake out at second . Phillips grounded into double play , third to second to first , Laker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Izturis lined out to center . Lo Duca flied out to right center . Green singled to center . Jordan safe at second on error by right fielder Gerut , Green scored . McGriff singled to right , Jordan scored . Coomer singled to left center , McGriff to second . Cabrera grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 6th . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Crisp singled to center . McDonald reached on infield single to third , Crisp to second . Bradley singled to center , Crisp scored , McDonald to second . McDonald stole third , Bradley stole second . Spencer singled to left , McDonald scored , Bradley thrown out at home , Spencer to second advancing on throw . Gerut grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Boyd pitching for Indians . Beltre doubled to left . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Miceli pitching for Indians . Cora flied out to left . Izturis flied out to center . Lo Duca walked . Green doubled to right , Beltre scored , Lo Duca to third . Riske pitching for Indians . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Jordan flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Blake flied out to deep center . Laker singled to center . Phillips flied out to center . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Laker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Kinkade fouled out to catcher . Coomer struck out looking . Cabrera singled to right . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Crisp flied out to right center . McDonald grounded out to second . Baez pitching for Indians . Blake at third base . Peralta at shortstop . Broussard at first base . Bradley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Cora doubled to left center . Izturis sacrificed to pitcher , Cora to third . Roberts ran for Cora . Lo Duca grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Roberts out at home . Roberts in center field . Cabrera at second base . Quantrill pitching for Dodgers . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lo Duca out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Spencer singled to center . Gerut grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Spencer out at second . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gerut out at second . Blake caught stealing second , catcher to second . Laker batting . Westbrook pitching for Indians . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 10th . Jordan grounded out to shortstop . Kinkade hit by pitch . Coomer singled to left , Kinkade to second . Cabrera doubled to left , Kinkade scored , Coomer to third . Romano ran for Coomer . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Romano out at home , Cabrera to third . Gagne pitching for Dodgers . Lawton hit for Laker . Roberts bunt grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 10th . Lawton struck out swinging . Bard hit for Peralta . Phillips singled to center . Bard struck out looking . Crisp walked , Phillips to second . Broussard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 4 - Indians 3 .	Cabrera lifts Dodgers over Indians , who traded him