Padres - Top 1st . Nomo pitching for Dodgers . Kotsay flied out to center . Loretta grounded out to second . White struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Roberts flied out to left center . Lo Duca struck out swinging . Green lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Nomo pitching for Dodgers . Klesko struck out swinging . Burroughs grounded out to second . Nady struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . McGriff singled to right . Kinkade struck out swinging . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McGriff out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Nomo pitching for Dodgers . Bennett struck out looking . Mendez struck out swinging . Lawrence walked . Kotsay singled to left , Lawrence to second . Loretta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Cora singled to right . Izturis singled to right , Cora to second . Nomo bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Cora out at third , Izturis to second . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Nomo out at second , Izturis to third . Lo Duca singled to center , Izturis scored , Roberts to third . Green flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Nomo pitching for Dodgers . White flied out to right . Klesko flied out to right center . Burroughs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . McGriff flied out to right . Kinkade singled to left . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kinkade out at second . Cabrera in center field . Cora flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Nomo pitching for Dodgers . Nady singled to shallow left . Bennett grounded out to shortstop , Nady to second . Mendez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Nady out at third . Lawrence struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Izturis flied out to shallow right center . Nomo grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Nomo pitching for Dodgers . Kotsay struck out swinging . Loretta fouled out to first . White popped out to shallow center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Lo Duca grounded out to first . Green grounded out to shortstop . McGriff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Nomo pitching for Dodgers . Klesko homered to right . Burroughs singled to right . Nady singled to shallow right center , Burroughs to third . Bennett walked , Nady to second . Mendez singled to left , Burroughs scored , Nady to third , Bennett to second . Hansen hit for Lawrence . Hansen singled to right center , Nady scored , Bennett to third , Mendez to second . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Kotsay singled to right center , Bennett and Mendez scored , Hansen to second . Loretta singled to center , Hansen to third , Kotsay to second . White grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hansen out at home , Kotsay to third , Loretta to second . Hackman pitching for Padres . Matthews Jr in left field . Klesko hit sacrifice fly , third to catcher to second , Kotsay scored , Loretta out at third . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Hackman pitching for Padres . Kinkade flied out to right . Beltre hit ground rule double to left . Cora fouled out to third . Alvarez pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera at shortstop . Romano in center field . Izturis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Alvarez pitching for Dodgers . Burroughs singled to left . Nady grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Burroughs out at second . Bennett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Hackman pitching for Padres . Romano struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to second . Martin pitching for Dodgers . Lo Duca grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Martin pitching for Dodgers . Mendez flied out to center . Matthews Jr singled to center . Kotsay singled to center , Matthews Jr to second . Buchanan hit for Hackman . Loretta singled to left , Matthews Jr scored , Kotsay to second , Kotsay to third advancing on throw . Matthews pitching for Padres . Buchanan grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to second to first , Loretta out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Matthews pitching for Padres . Green popped out to second . McGriff doubled to left . Barnes ran for McGriff . Kinkade singled to left center , Barnes to third . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kinkade out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 7 - Dodgers 1 .	Padres tee off on Nomo late to win easily