Dodgers - Top 1st . Izturis singled to right . Cora singled to left , Izturis to second . Green flied out to right , Izturis to third . Lo Duca grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Izturis scored , Cora out at second . Ward grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Belliard walked . Stynes singled to left , Belliard to second . Helton grounded out to second , Belliard to third , Stynes to second . Wilson struck out looking . Walker walked . Payton doubled to right center , Belliard , Stynes and Walker scored . Johnson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Beltre popped out to shallow right . Ross flied out to shallow right . Ruan singled to left center . Nomo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Uribe doubled to left center . Uribe stole third . Stark walked . Belliard grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Uribe scored , Stark out at second . Stynes grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Izturis grounded out to first . Cora flied out to left center . Green singled to center . Lo Duca grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Green out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Helton homered to right . Wilson grounded out to second . Walker batting . Green singled to right center , Izturis to third . Lo Duca walked , Green to second . Ward grounded out to first , Izturis scored , Green to third , Lo Duca to second . Beltre doubled to right , Green and Lo Duca scored . Beltre doubled to right , Green and Lo Duca scored . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Belliard fouled out to catcher . Stynes struck out swinging . Helton homered to left center . Wilson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Ruan grounded out to third . Nomo singled to right . Izturis singled to right , Nomo to second . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Cora singled to right , Nomo to third , Izturis to second . Green struck out swinging . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Nomo scored , Izturis to third , Cora to second on wild pitch by Jimenez . Lo Duca grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Walker grounded out to first . Payton popped out to first . Johnson walked . Johnson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Uribe batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Ward flied out to right . Beltre doubled to left center . Beltre to third on wild pitch by Jimenez . Ross grounded out to third . Barnes hit for Nomo . Ruan safe at first on error by first baseman Helton , Beltre scored , Ruan to second on throwing error by first baseman Helton . Barnes reached on infield single to second , Ruan to third . Shuey pitching for Dodgers . Izturis flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Sweeney hit for Jimenez . Uribe struck out swinging . Sweeney doubled to deep right . Belliard grounded out to second , Sweeney to third . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Stynes grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Cora flied out to left . Green struck out looking . Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Helton walked . Wilson singled to left , Helton to second . Martin pitching for Dodgers . Walker grounded out to first , Helton to third , Wilson to second . Norton hit for Johnson . Payton intentionally walked . Quantrill pitching for Dodgers . Norton walked , Helton scored , Wilson to third , Payton to second . Estalella catching . Kinkade hit for Ward . Uribe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Norton out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Speier pitching for Rockies . Kinkade grounded out to shortstop . Beltre flied out to right . Ross grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 6 - Rockies 7 .	Rockies use bases - loaded walk for win