Dodgers - Top 1st . Izturis flied out to left . Lo Duca walked . Green homered to right , Lo Duca scored . Beltre grounded out to pitcher . Coomer popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Reyes singled to center . Stynes flied out to center . Helton singled to right , Reyes to third . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reyes scored , Helton out at second . Wilson caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Payton batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Burnitz flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to third . Romano singled to center . Perez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Payton lined out to shortstop . Atkins flied out to right . Zaun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Izturis struck out looking . Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop . Green grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Barmes singled to left , Barmes to second on error by left fielder Burnitz . Oliver bunt grounded out to pitcher . Reyes struck out swinging . Stynes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Beltre grounded out to third . Coomer homered to left . Burnitz grounded out to second . Cabrera singled to center . Cabrera caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Romano batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Helton lined out to third . Wilson singled to center . Payton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Romano grounded out to third . Perez singled to center . Izturis singled to left center , Perez to second . Lo Duca singled to right , Perez to third , Izturis to second . Cook pitching for Rockies . Green doubled to deep center , Perez , Izturis and Lo Duca scored . Beltre flied out to left . Coomer flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Atkins walked . Zaun grounded out to second , Atkins to second . Pellow hit for Cook . Barmes doubled to deep left , Atkins scored . Pellow struck out swinging . Elarton pitching for Rockies . Reyes popped out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Burnitz walked . Cabrera walked , Burnitz to second . Romano struck out looking . Perez singled to right , Burnitz to third , Cabrera to second . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Burnitz out at home , Cabrera to third , Perez to second . Lo Duca safe at first on error by third baseman Atkins , Cabrera and Perez scored , Izturis to third . Green grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Stynes safe at first on error by shortstop Izturis . Helton flied out to center . Sanchez pitching for Rockies . Wilson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Stynes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 7th . Beltre singled to left . Coomer homered to left , Beltre scored . Burnitz grounded out to second . Cabrera flied out to left . Ventura at first base . Colyer pitching for Dodgers . Ruan in center field . Romano grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Payton popped out to shortstop . Atkins grounded out to third . Young pitching for Rockies . Zaun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Ruan singled to center . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ruan out at second . Lo Duca reached on infield single to shortstop , Izturis to second . Hundley catching . Green grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lo Duca out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Norton hit for Young . Barmes singled to right center . Norton grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Barmes out at second . Reyes walked . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Stynes popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Beltre struck out looking . Ventura flied out to right . Thurston at second base . Cabrera in right field . Myers pitching for Dodgers . Burnitz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Helton grounded out to third . Wilson walked . Payton safe at first on error by second baseman Thurston , Wilson to second . Atkins struck out looking . Zaun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Dodgers 10 - Rockies 2 .	Los Angeles 10 , Colorado 2