Dodgers - Top 1st . Izturis flied out to left . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Green struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Durham flied out to center . Grissom singled to center . Aurilia walked , Grissom to second . Galarraga singled to center , Grissom scored , Aurilia to third . Feliz grounded into double play , third to second to first , Galarraga out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Ventura struck out swinging . Beltre struck out looking . Burnitz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Linden grounded out to second . Benard singled to right . Torrealba flied out to center . Hermanson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Ross homered to left . Cora popped out to shortstop . Kida reached on infield single to third . Izturis flied out to left . Cabrera singled to left , Kida to second . Green flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Durham reached on infield single to shortstop . Grissom flied out to center . Aurilia grounded into double play , third to second to first , Durham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Ventura popped out to shortstop . Beltre popped out to third . Burnitz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Galarraga grounded out to third . Feliz safe at first on error by shortstop Izturis . Feliz to second on wild pitch by Kida . Linden singled to right , Feliz scored . Benard struck out swinging . Torrealba reached on infield single to shortstop , Linden to second . Hermanson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 5th . Ross walked . Cora flied out to center . Kida struck out swinging . Izturis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Durham popped out to shortstop . Grissom grounded out to pitcher . Aurilia singled to center . Galarraga singled to left , Aurilia to second . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Galarraga out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Cabrera doubled to shallow left . Green singled to right , Cabrera to third . Ventura walked , Green to second . Eyre pitching for Giants . Beltre fouled out to first . Burnitz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera scored , Ventura out at second , Green to third . Ross walked , Burnitz to second . Colyer pitching for Dodgers . Cora flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Linden walked . Benard bunt popped out foul to third . Perez hit for Eyre . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Linden out at second . Perez reached on infield single to shortstop , Torrealba to second . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Thurston hit for Colyer . Durham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Perez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Thurston walked . Izturis sacrificed to catcher , Thurston to second . Cabrera grounded out to third . Thurston to third on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Green doubled to deep left center , Thurston scored . Quantrill pitching for Dodgers . Ventura lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Grissom grounded out to shortstop . Aurilia doubled to left center . Galarraga grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aurilia out at third . Galarraga stole second . Feliz singled to right , Galarraga scored , Feliz to second on throwing error by right fielder Green . Nathan pitching for Giants . Cruz in right field . Linden lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 8th . Beltre struck out swinging . Burnitz flied out to right . Ross singled to center . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Cora flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Benard doubled to right . Young ran for Benard . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Benard to third . Cruz homered to right , Young and Torrealba scored . Durham struck out swinging . Grissom grounded out to pitcher . Hammonds in left field . Worrell pitching for Giants . Hammonds in left field . Worrell pitching for Giants . Roberts hit for Mota . Aurilia grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Kinkade hit for Izturis . Roberts flied out to left . Kinkade struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 3 - Giants 6 .	SAN FRANCISCO 6 , LOS ANGELES 3 ( 2ND GAME )