Athletics - Top 1st . Bridwell pitching for Angels . Joyce grounded out to shortstop . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Lowrie homered to right center ( 395 feet ) . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Gossett pitching for Athletics . Cozart hit by pitch . Trout lined out to right . Cozart to second on wild pitch by Gossett . Upton struck out swinging . Pujols walked . Calhoun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Bridwell pitching for Angels . Olson grounded out to shortstop . Chapman singled to right . Lucroy doubled to deep left , Chapman to third . Chapman scored , Lucroy to third on passed ball by Maldonado . Piscotty hit sacrifice fly to center , Lucroy scored . Powell reached on infield single to third . Joyce homered to right ( 404 feet ) , Powell scored . Semien homered to center ( 401 feet ) . Lowrie reached on infield single to third . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Davis singled to left , Lowrie to second . Olson struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Gossett pitching for Athletics . Simmons grounded out to second . Valbuena flied out to left . Ohtani homered to center ( 449 feet ) . Maldonado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Chapman flied out to center . Lucroy lined out to second . Piscotty grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Gossett pitching for Athletics . Cozart grounded out to third . Trout flied out to right . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Wood pitching for Angels . Powell singled to left center . Powell caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher . Joyce struck out swinging . Semien flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Gossett pitching for Athletics . Pujols singled to shallow left . Calhoun singled to left , Pujols to second . Simmons hit ground rule double to deep left , Pujols scored , Calhoun to third . Valbuena reached on infield single to shortstop , Calhoun and Simmons scored , Valbuena to second advancing on throw . Ohtani flied out to center . Petit pitching for Athletics . Maldonado singled to left , Valbuena scored . Cozart bunt grounded out to pitcher , Maldonado to second . Trout struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Lowrie struck out looking . Davis flied out to right . Olson singled to left center . Chapman homered to center ( 413 feet ) , Olson scored . Lucroy grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Upton singled to left . Pujols singled to left , Upton to second . Calhoun lined out to right , Upton to third . Simmons singled to right center , Upton scored , Pujols to second . Valbuena safe at first on error by pitcher Petit , Pujols to third , Simmons to second . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Ohtani walked , Pujols scored , Simmons to third , Valbuena to second . Maldonado grounded into double play , third to first , Valbuena out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Piscotty grounded out to pitcher . Powell struck out looking . Joyce walked . Semien grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Pagan pitching for Athletics . Cozart grounded out to shortstop . Trout flied out to center . Upton doubled to deep center . Pujols intentionally walked . Buchter pitching for Athletics . Calhoun grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Alvarez pitching for Angels . Lowrie flied out to center . Johnson pitching for Angels . Davis flied out to left . Olson homered to right ( 368 feet ) . Chapman flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Buchter pitching for Athletics . Simmons singled to center . Marte hit for Valbuena . Marte doubled to left , Simmons to third . Ohtani grounded out to first . Maldonado lined out to third . Treinen pitching for Athletics . Cozart safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Chapman , Simmons and Marte scored . Trout intentionally walked . Upton homered to right center ( 385 feet ) , Cozart and Trout scored . Pujols struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 8th . Cozart at third base . Fontana at second base . Johnson pitching for Angels . Lucroy struck out swinging . Piscotty grounded out to second . Powell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Calhoun walked . Calhoun stole second . Simmons grounded out to shortstop , Calhoun to third . Fontana struck out swinging . Calhoun scored on Casilla 's wild pitch . Ohtani struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Middleton pitching for Angels . Joyce lined out to shortstop . Semien flied out to center . Lowrie singled to deep right center , Lowrie out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Angels 13 .	Ohtani homers 3rd game in a row , Angels rally past A 's 13 - 9