Angels - Top 1st . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Trout singled to deep left . Upton walked , Trout to second . Pujols safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Bassitt , Trout and Upton scored . Valbuena fouled out to first . Fernández lined out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Semien struck out swinging . Pinder walked . Lowrie grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pinder out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Young hit by pitch . Briceño struck out swinging . Fontana struck out swinging . Kinsler lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Davis struck out swinging . Olson struck out swinging . Canha struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Trout singled to center . Upton singled to center , Trout to second . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Trout scored on throwing error by third baseman Pinder , Upton safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Pinder . Valbuena struck out swinging . Fernández singled to left , Upton scored , Pujols to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fernández out at second , Pujols to third . Briceño singled to right center , Pujols scored , Young to third . Fontana flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Piscotty struck out swinging . Smolinski lined out to left . Phegley reached on infield single to shortstop . Semien grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Phegley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Kinsler homered to left center ( 403 feet ) . Trout singled to center . Upton lined out to center . Pujols flied out to right . Valbuena grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Pinder singled to shallow left . Lowrie singled to left center , Pinder to second . Davis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lowrie out at second , Pinder to third . Olson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Ramírez pitching for Athletics . Fernández grounded out to first . Young walked . Briceño singled to right , Young to second . Young to third , Briceño to second on wild pitch by Ramírez . Fontana walked . Kinsler walked , Young scored , Briceño to third , Fontana to second . Trout hit sacrifice fly to center , Briceño scored , Fontana to third . Upton grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Canha safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Fontana . Piscotty struck out swinging . Smolinski struck out swinging . Phegley doubled to deep center , Canha scored . Phegley to third on wild pitch by Skaggs . Semien doubled to deep left , Phegley scored . Pinder flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 6th . Ramirez pitching for Athletics . Pujols lined out to center . Valbuena grounded out to first . Fernández grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Lowrie singled to left . Davis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lowrie out at second . Olson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Young struck out swinging . Briceño doubled to left . Fontana grounded out to first , Briceño to third . Kinsler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Canha popped out to shortstop . Piscotty doubled to left . Smolinski fouled out to first . Phegley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Pagan pitching for Athletics . Trout walked . Upton flied out to center . Pujols grounded into double play , third to second to first , Trout out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Semien flied out to left . Pinder walked . Lowrie hit ground rule double to right , Pinder to third . Pinder scored , Lowrie to third on passed ball by Briceño . Davis struck out looking . Olson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Valbuena grounded out to first . Fernández grounded out to second . Young grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Valbuena at first base . Fletcher at third base . Anderson pitching for Angels . Canha grounded out to shortstop . Piscotty singled to center . Fowler hit for Smolinski . Fowler reached on infield single to second , Piscotty to second . Phegley fouled out to right , Piscotty to third . Fowler to second on fielder 's indifference . Semien walked . Piscotty scored , Fowler to third , Semien to second on wild pitch by Anderson . Pinder struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 8 - Athletics 4 .	Kinsler leads beat - up Angels past A 's to end four - game skid