Athletics - Top 1st . Covey pitching for White Sox . Fowler walked . Semien grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fowler out at second . Lowrie grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Moncada hit by pitch . García singled to left , Moncada to second . Abreu singled to left , Moncada scored , García to second . Davidson walked , García to third , Abreu to second . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , García scored , Davidson out at second , Abreu to third . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Abreu out at home , Smith to second , Sánchez to second , Smith to third advancing on throw . Anderson homered to right ( 350 feet ) , Smith and Sánchez scored . Engel flied out to right . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Covey pitching for White Sox . Davis lined out to center . Olson walked . Piscotty homered to center ( 421 feet ) , Olson scored . Joyce grounded out to second . Lucroy lined out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Tilson grounded out to shortstop . Moncada singled to center . García struck out swinging , Moncada stole second . Abreu flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Covey pitching for White Sox . Barreto grounded out to second . Fowler singled to left center . Semien batting . Semien stole second . Lowrie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Pagan pitching for Athletics . Davidson struck out swinging . Smith doubled to deep left . Sánchez flied out to right , Smith to third . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Davis lined out to second . Olson grounded out to catcher . Piscotty grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Pagan pitching for Athletics . Engel doubled to right . Tilson struck out looking . Moncada struck out looking . García fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Joyce walked . Lucroy walked , Joyce to second . Volstad pitching for White Sox . Barreto singled to shallow left , Joyce to third , Lucroy to second . Fowler hit sacrifice fly to right , Joyce scored , Lucroy to third . Semien flied out to right . Lowrie doubled to right , Lucroy and Barreto scored . Davis lined out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Hatcher pitching for Athletics . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . Davidson flied out to center . Smith grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Volstad pitching for White Sox . Olson homered to left center ( 413 feet ) . Piscotty walked . Fry pitching for White Sox . Pinder hit for Joyce . Pinder singled to left , Piscotty to second . Lucroy struck out swinging . Barreto flied into double play , left to second , Piscotty doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Pinder in left field . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Sánchez grounded out to pitcher . Anderson singled to center . Engel hit by pitch , Anderson to second . Anderson stole third , Engel stole second . Tilson walked . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Moncada grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Anderson scored , Tilson out at second , Engel to third . García struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Fowler flied out to left . Semien lined out to center . Lowrie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Abreu struck out swinging . Davidson struck out swinging . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Davis struck out swinging . Olson struck out swinging . Piscotty doubled to right . Martini hit for Pinder . Martini singled to center , Piscotty scored , Martini to second advancing on throw . Lucroy grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Martini in left field . Petit pitching for Athletics . Sánchez doubled to left . Anderson struck out swinging . Treinen pitching for Athletics . Palka hit for Engel . Palka struck out swinging . Tilson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . García in center field . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Barreto lined out to left . Fowler singled to left . Fowler stole second . Semien walked . Lowrie flied out to right . Davis popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Treinen pitching for Athletics . Moncada safe at first on error by pitcher Treinen . García struck out swinging . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moncada safe at second on error by shortstop Semien . Davidson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Final score : Athletics 7 - White Sox 6 .	Martini gets 1st big league hit , Athletics top White Sox 7 - 6