Athletics - Top 1st . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Semien popped out to second . Pinder fouled out to right . Lowrie singled to left center . Davis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Montas pitching for Athletics . Martín singled to right . Candelario walked , Martín to second . Castellanos doubled to left , Martín scored , Candelario to third . Martínez lined out to shortstop . Goodrum doubled to deep right , Candelario and Castellanos scored . Hicks struck out swinging . McCann singled to left , Goodrum scored , McCann to second advancing on throw . Reyes grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Olson flied out to left . Piscotty walked . Canha flied out to center . Lucroy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Montas pitching for Athletics . Machado walked . Martín singled to right , Machado to second . Candelario flied out to center . Castellanos walked , Machado to third , Martín to second . Martínez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Castellanos out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Barreto struck out swinging . Semien struck out looking . Pinder grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Montas pitching for Athletics . Goodrum lined out to center . Hicks reached on infield single to third . McCann flied out to center . Reyes singled to left , Hicks to second . Machado tripled to deep center , Hicks and Reyes scored . Martín grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Lowrie singled to left . Davis flied out to right . Olson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lowrie out at second . Piscotty safe at first on error by first baseman Hicks , Olson to third . Canha hit ground rule double to deep left , Olson scored , Piscotty to third . Lucroy doubled to left , Piscotty and Canha scored . Barreto struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Hatcher pitching for Athletics . Candelario singled to center . Castellanos singled to left , Candelario to second . Martínez flied out to right . Goodrum grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Castellanos out at second , Candelario to third . Hicks singled to right , Candelario scored , Goodrum to third . McCann fouled out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Semien walked . Pinder homered to left ( 387 feet ) , Semien scored . Lowrie homered to right ( 359 feet ) . Davis walked . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Olson flied out to left . Piscotty grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Hatcher pitching for Athletics . Reyes fouled out to third . Machado struck out swinging . Martín walked . Candelario grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Canha struck out looking . Lucroy flied out to right . Barreto struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Pagan pitching for Athletics . Castellanos popped out to first . Martínez lined out to second . Goodrum walked . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goodrum out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Coleman pitching for Tigers . Semien singled to left . Joyce hit for Pinder . Joyce grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Semien out at second . Lowrie walked , Joyce to second . Davis walked , Joyce to third , Lowrie to second . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Olson grounded out to shortstop , Joyce scored , Lowrie to third , Davis to second . Piscotty hit by pitch . Canha grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Joyce in left field . Pagan pitching for Athletics . McCann popped out to second . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Machado popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Lucroy grounded out to first . Barreto struck out looking . Semien grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Buchter pitching for Athletics . Martín struck out swinging . Candelario doubled to left . Castellanos intentionally walked . Martínez struck out swinging . Goodrum walked , Candelario to third , Castellanos to second . Hicks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Greene pitching for Tigers . Joyce doubled to deep left . Lowrie singled to right center , Joyce scored . Davis lined out to left . Olson singled to left , Lowrie to second . Saupold pitching for Tigers . Piscotty lined out to center . Fowler hit for Canha . Fowler singled to right , Lowrie scored , Olson to second . Lucroy lined out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Fowler in center field . Treinen pitching for Athletics . McCann struck out swinging . Jones hit for Reyes . Jones lined out to left . Iglesias hit for Machado . Iglesias lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Tigers 7 .	Lowrie , A 's rally from 6 down to beat Tigers 9 - 7