Padres - Top 1st . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Jankowski singled to right . Jankowski stole second . Jankowski to third on wild pitch by Bassitt . Margot walked . Hosmer struck out swinging . Margot caught stealing second , catcher to second . Myers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Semien lined out to center . Piscotty grounded out to third . Lowrie flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Villanueva struck out swinging . Spangenberg reached on infield single to second . Pirela lined into double play , to first , Spangenberg doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Davis struck out looking . Olson walked . Canha grounded into double play , third to second to first , Olson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Galvis walked . Hedges singled to left , Galvis to second . Jankowski singled to left , Galvis to third , Hedges to second . Margot grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Galvis out at home , Hedges to third , Jankowski to second . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hedges out at home , Jankowski to third , Margot to second . Myers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Chapman flied out to left . Lucroy singled to shallow center . Pinder singled to right , Lucroy to second . Semien walked , Lucroy to third , Pinder to second . Piscotty grounded into double play , third to first , Pinder out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Villanueva popped out to first . Spangenberg struck out looking . Pirela walked . Galvis popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Lowrie walked . Davis flied out to right . Olson grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Lowrie out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Hedges struck out swinging . Jankowski singled to shallow right center . Margot singled to center , Jankowski to third . Hosmer grounded out to first , Jankowski scored , Margot to second . Myers doubled to left , Margot scored . Pagan pitching for Athletics . Villanueva flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Canha grounded out to pitcher . Chapman grounded out to shortstop . Lucroy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Pagan pitching for Athletics . Spangenberg singled to right . Pirela bunt popped out to pitcher . Galvis flied out to left . Hedges struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Richard pitching for Padres . Pinder walked . Semien singled to left , Pinder to second . Piscotty walked , Pinder to third , Semien to second . Lowrie doubled to left , Pinder , Semien and Piscotty scored . Davis singled to center , Lowrie scored . Olson grounded into double play , third to first , Davis out at second . Canha homered to left ( 398 feet ) . Chapman lined out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Buchter pitching for Athletics . Jankowski struck out swinging . Margot popped out to second . Hosmer popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Cimber pitching for Padres . Lucroy grounded out to third . Pinder homered to left ( 412 feet ) . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Piscotty grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Myers lined out to center . Villanueva flied out to left . Spangenberg walked . Pirela grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Brewer pitching for Padres . Lowrie singled to right center . Davis grounded into double play , second to first , Lowrie out at second . Olson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Treinen pitching for Athletics . Galvis lined out to left . Asuaje hit for Hedges . Asuaje singled to left . Jankowski fouled out to left . Margot struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 2 - Athletics 6 .	Jed Lowrie 's three - run double rallies A 's past Padres 6 - 2