Rangers - Top 1st . Cahill pitching for Athletics . DeShields walked . DeShields stole second . Choo walked . Odor walked , DeShields to third , Choo to second . Mazara hit sacrifice fly to left , DeShields scored . Odor caught stealing second , catcher to first to second , Choo to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Beltré flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Springs pitching for Rangers . Laureano flied out to center . Chapman flied out to left . Piscotty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Profar struck out swinging . Guzmán flied out to center . Calhoun walked . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Springs pitching for Rangers . Davis struck out swinging . Olson flied out to center . Semien singled to left , Semien to third on error by left fielder Calhoun . Barreto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . DeShields walked . DeShields stole second . Choo walked . Odor singled to center , DeShields scored , Choo to second . Mazara flied out to center . Beltré singled to right , Choo scored , Odor thrown out at third . Kelley pitching for Athletics . Profar lined out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Springs pitching for Rangers . Phegley flied out to center . Martini hit by pitch . Laureano fouled out to first . Chapman popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Kelley pitching for Athletics . Guzmán struck out looking . Calhoun flied out to right . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Jurado pitching for Rangers . Piscotty walked . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Piscotty out at second . Olson doubled to right , Davis to third . Semien grounded out to third . Barreto singled to right , Davis scored , Olson to third . Joyce hit for Phegley . Joyce walked , Barreto to second . Olson scored , Barreto to third , Joyce to second on passed ball by Kiner - Falefa . Martini reached on infield single to second , Barreto scored , Joyce scored on throwing error by second baseman Odor . Laureano doubled to deep right center , Martini scored . Pelham pitching for Rangers . Laureano to third on passed ball by Kiner - Falefa . Chapman walked . Piscotty struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 5th . Lucroy catching . Pagan pitching for Athletics . DeShields struck out swinging . Choo struck out swinging . Odor flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Pelham pitching for Rangers . Davis hit ground rule double to deep right . Olson singled to left , Davis to third . Semien grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Davis scored , Olson out at second . Moore pitching for Rangers . Barreto grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Semien out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Mazara walked . Beltré grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mazara out at second . Profar lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Moore pitching for Rangers . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Pinder hit for Martini . Pinder singled to right . Laureano grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pinder out at second . Chapman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Pinder in left field . Buchter pitching for Athletics . Guzmán flied out to center . Calhoun grounded out to second . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Kiner - Falefa singled to right . DeShields singled to center , Kiner - Falefa to second . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Moore pitching for Rangers . Piscotty homered to left ( 380 feet ) . Davis grounded out to third . Olson lined out to shortstop . Semien grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Familia pitching for Athletics . Odor lined out to shortstop . Mazara lined out to third . Beltré flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Moore pitching for Rangers . Barreto struck out swinging . Lucroy struck out swinging . Bibens - Dirkx pitching for Rangers . Pinder grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Treinen pitching for Athletics . Profar grounded out to shortstop . Guzmán lined out to right . Calhoun grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 3 - Athletics 7 .	Piscotty homers , A 's keep rolling with 7 - 3 win over Rangers