Dodgers - Top 1st. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Rollins singled to right. Puig flied out to right. González popped out to shortstop. Rollins caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Kendrick batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Pollock grounded out to third. Inciarte grounded out to first. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendrick flied out to center. Grandal grounded out to first. Ethier tripled to deep center. Guerrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Peralta struck out looking. Lamb struck out swinging. Gosewisch singled to shallow left. Pennington struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Pederson doubled to deep right. Greinke sacrificed to catcher, Pederson to third. Rollins hit sacrifice fly to center, Pederson scored. Puig walked. González grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Ahmed singled to center. Collmenter sacrificed to pitcher, Ahmed to second. Pollock flied out to right, Ahmed to third. Inciarte lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendrick lined out to second. Grandal singled to right. Ethier singled to right, Grandal to third. Guerrero singled to right, Grandal scored, Ethier to second. Pederson reached on infield single to third, Ethier to third, Guerrero to second. Greinke struck out looking. Rollins grounded out to second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Peralta grounded out to second. Lamb safe at first on error by shortstop Rollins. Lamb caught stealing second, catcher to second. Gosewisch batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 5th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Puig homered to left center (389 feet). González doubled to deep left. Kendrick grounded out to second, González to third. Grandal popped out to shortstop. Ethier grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Gosewisch safe at first on error by shortstop Rollins. Pennington lined out to left. Ahmed singled to center, Gosewisch to second. Hill hit for Collmenter. Hill struck out swinging. Pollock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 6th. Schugel pitching for Diamondbacks. Guerrero grounded out to pitcher. Pederson homered to center (444 feet). Greinke grounded out to second. Rollins singled to right. Rollins stole second. Puig grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Inciarte struck out looking. Goldschmidt lined out to shortstop. Peralta lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Schugel pitching for Diamondbacks. González singled to center. Kendrick singled to left, González to second. Grandal grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kendrick out at second, González to third. Ethier intentionally walked. Guerrero doubled to left, González scored, Ethier to third. Pederson intentionally walked. Greinke grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Lamb singled to center. Gosewisch grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Lamb out at second. Pennington singled to right. Ahmed grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pennington out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Schugel pitching for Diamondbacks. Rollins grounded out to first. Puig safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed. González flied out to center. Kendrick lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Pacheco hit for Schugel. Pacheco struck out looking. Pollock grounded out to third. Inciarte doubled to left. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks. Pacheco catching. Grandal singled to center. Ethier struck out swinging. Guerrero homered to left center (416 feet), Grandal scored. Pederson struck out looking. Van Slyke hit for Báez. Van Slyke hit by pitch. Rollins walked, Van Slyke to second. Puig struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Van Slyke at first base. Peralta struck out looking. Lamb reached on infield single to first. Owings hit for Pérez. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Owings doubled to deep right, Lamb to third. Pennington walked. Ahmed struck out swinging. Pacheco singled to right, Lamb scored, Owings to third, Pennington to second. Pollock doubled to deep right, Owings, Pennington and Pacheco scored. Peralta pitching for Dodgers. Inciarte lined out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 7 - Diamondbacks 4.	Guerrero, Dodgers hold off Arizona 7-4 in series finale