Dodgers - Top 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Rollins flied out to right. Puig singled to shallow center. González lined into double play, to first, Puig doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Aoki singled to left. Panik popped out to second. Aoki stole second. Pagán grounded out to shortstop. Posey lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Kendrick walked. Grandal grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first to second, Kendrick out at second. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. McGehee lined out to right. Susac flied out to right. Maxwell tripled to deep center. Crawford reached on bunt single to second, Maxwell scored. Lincecum grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Uribe struck out looking. Pederson singled to right. Anderson walked, Pederson to second. Rollins flied out to right, Pederson to third. Puig popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Aoki grounded out to first. Panik reached on infield single to shortstop. Pagán reached on infield single to second, Panik to second. Posey singled to shallow left center, Panik scored, Pagán to second. McGehee grounded into double play, third to first, Pagán out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. González walked. Kendrick grounded into double play, third to second to first, González out at second. Grandal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Susac reached on infield single to pitcher. Maxwell grounded into fielder's choice to third, Susac out at second. Crawford doubled to right, Maxwell to third. Lincecum struck out looking. Aoki reached on infield single to first, Maxwell scored, Crawford scored on throwing error by first baseman González. Aoki to second on balk by Anderson. Panik grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 5th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Crawford flied out to left. Uribe doubled to deep center. Pederson struck out swinging. Guerrero hit for Anderson. Guerrero doubled to left, Uribe scored. Rollins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Nicasio pitching for Dodgers. Pagán struck out swinging. Posey lined out to shortstop. McGehee grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Puig singled to left. González struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Puig out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Nicasio pitching for Dodgers. Susac singled to left. Maxwell walked, Susac to second. Crawford struck out looking. Blanco hit for Lincecum. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. Duffy hit for Blanco. Duffy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Maxwell out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Grandal grounded out to shortstop. Van Slyke hit for Crawford. Van Slyke flied out to right. Uribe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Van Slyke in left field. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. Aoki struck out looking. Panik flied out to left. Pagán singled to center. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Turner at third base. Posey singled to right, Pagán to third. McGehee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Pederson walked. Romo pitching for Giants. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pederson out at second. Rollins walked, Turner to second. Puig fouled out to right, Turner to third, Rollins to second. López pitching for Giants. González grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Susac walked. Susac to second on balk by Báez. Maxwell homered to left (411 feet), Susac scored. Crawford struck out swinging. Sánchez hit for López. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Sánchez grounded out to third. Aoki grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Machí pitching for Giants. Kendrick singled to center. Grandal struck out looking. Van Slyke reached on infield single to third, Kendrick to second. Ethier hit for Rodriguez. Ethier grounded out to third, Kendrick to third, Van Slyke to second. Pederson walked. Casilla pitching for Giants. Kendrick scored, Van Slyke to third, Pederson to second on wild pitch by Casilla. Turner grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 2 - Giants 6.	Giants Tim Lincecum shuts down Dodgers for first win of year