Marlins - Top 1st. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Gordon bunt grounded out to third. Prado struck out looking. Stanton homered to left (467 feet). Ozuna flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Marlins. Pederson singled to right. Rollins fouled out to third. Kendrick reached on infield single to third, Pederson to second. González grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendrick out at second, Pederson to third. Guerrero flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Yelich walked. Yelich caught stealing second, catcher to second. Morse struck out swinging. Realmuto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Marlins. Grandal singled to right. Ethier singled to center, Grandal to second. Van Slyke singled to left, Grandal to third, Ethier to second. Bolsinger lined out to center. Pederson struck out swinging. Rollins lined out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Hechavarría reached on infield single to third. Haren sacrificed to first, Hechavarría to second. Gordon grounded out to first, Hechavarría to third. Prado flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Marlins. Kendrick homered to right (386 feet). González struck out looking. Guerrero fouled out to first. Grandal flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Stanton walked. Ozuna lined out to center. Yelich grounded into fielder's choice to first, Stanton out at second. Morse grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Marlins. Ethier homered to center (420 feet). Van Slyke flied out to left. Bolsinger struck out swinging. Pederson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Realmuto reached on infield single to pitcher. Hechavarría grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Realmuto out at second. Haren struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Haren pitching for Marlins. Rollins singled to left center. Rollins to second on wild pitch by Haren. Kendrick grounded out to second, Rollins to third. González hit by pitch. Guerrero doubled to deep left, Rollins scored, González to third. Grandal singled to center, González and Guerrero scored. Ethier singled to right, Grandal to second. Hand pitching for Marlins. Van Slyke doubled to left, Grandal scored, Ethier to third. Bolsinger grounded out to pitcher. Pederson struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Gordon grounded out to second. Prado singled to center. Stanton singled to left, Prado to second. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stanton out at second, Prado to third. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Yelich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Hand pitching for Marlins. Rollins singled to left. Kendrick reached on infield single to pitcher, Rollins to second. González doubled to left, Rollins scored, Kendrick to third. Guerrero singled to left, Kendrick scored, González to third. Grandal walked, Guerrero to second. Ethier singled to center, González and Guerrero scored, Grandal to third. Masset pitching for Marlins. Suzuki in left field. Van Slyke hit sacrifice fly to center, Grandal scored. Hernández hit for Rodriguez. Hernández struck out looking. Pederson grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Santos pitching for Dodgers. Van Slyke at first base. Hernández in left field. Morse grounded out to third. Realmuto lined out to center. Hechavarría walked. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Baker in left field. Solano at shortstop. Suzuki in right field. Masset pitching for Marlins. Rollins grounded out to second. Kendrick reached on infield single to third. Uribe hit for Santos. Uribe flied out to center. Guerrero singled to right, Kendrick to second. Grandal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Nicasio pitching for Dodgers. Gordon grounded out to second. Prado struck out swinging. Baker walked. Ozuna grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Morris pitching for Marlins. Ethier singled to center. Van Slyke singled to center, Ethier to second. Hernández struck out swinging. Pederson grounded out to first, Ethier to third, Van Slyke to second. Rollins fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Solano hit for Morris. Solano grounded out to pitcher. Morse grounded out to third. Realmuto flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 1 - Dodgers 11.	Ethier, Kendrick lead streaking Dodgers over Marlins 11-1