Rockies - Top 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon singled to center. Blackmon to second on wild pitch by Kershaw. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Arenado singled to left, Blackmon to third. Rosario struck out looking. González flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Butler pitching for Rockies. Pederson struck out looking. Rollins homered to right (381 feet). Kendrick singled to right. González walked, Kendrick to second. Kendrick picked off second. Turner singled to right, González to second. Grandal walked, González to third, Turner to second. Ethier lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Hundley lined out to shortstop. Stubbs walked. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stubbs out at second. Butler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Butler pitching for Rockies. Van Slyke grounded out to third. Kershaw walked. Pederson hit by pitch, Kershaw to second. Rollins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pederson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Descalso at shortstop. Butler pitching for Rockies. Kendrick singled to left. González safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Rosario, Kendrick to third. Turner doubled to left, Kendrick and González scored. Grandal grounded out to second, Turner to third. Ethier singled to right, Turner scored. Van Slyke walked, Ethier to second. Kershaw sacrificed to pitcher, Ethier to third, Van Slyke to second. Flande pitching for Rockies. Pederson lined out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Rosario struck out swinging. González grounded out to first. Hundley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Flande pitching for Rockies. Rollins doubled to right. Kendrick singled to right, Rollins to third. González grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rollins scored, Kendrick out at second. Turner walked. Grandal grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Stubbs struck out swinging. LeMahieu walked. Flande bunt popped out to third. LeMahieu stole second. Blackmon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Flande pitching for Rockies. Ethier singled to right. Van Slyke flied out to right. Kershaw bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ethier out at second. Pederson singled to center, Kershaw to third. Rollins singled to right, Kershaw scored, Pederson to second. Kendrick grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Descalso grounded out to shortstop. Arenado flied out to right. Rosario grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Flande pitching for Rockies. González grounded out to first. Turner grounded out to shortstop. Grandal struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. González singled to right center. Hundley grounded out to pitcher, González to second. Stubbs struck out looking. LeMahieu singled to right, González scored. McKenry hit for Flande. McKenry walked, LeMahieu to second. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon singled to shallow left, LeMahieu to third, McKenry to second. Descalso doubled to deep right, LeMahieu, McKenry and Blackmon scored. García pitching for Dodgers. Arenado walked. Rosario struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Ethier grounded out to second. Van Slyke struck out swinging. Guerrero hit for García. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. González struck out swinging, González safe at first on passed ball by Grandal. Hundley struck out swinging, González stole second. Stubbs struck out swinging. LeMahieu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Logan pitching for Rockies. Pederson grounded out to first. Rollins singled to right. Kendrick struck out swinging. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. Dickerson hit for Logan. Dickerson struck out swinging. Blackmon singled to center. Descalso singled to shallow left, Blackmon to second. Nicasio pitching for Dodgers. Arenado struck out swinging. Blackmon stole third, Descalso stole second. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Dodgers 6.	Kershaw wins 100th as Dodgers edge Rockies