Dodgers - Top 1st. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Pederson struck out swinging. Turner lined out to third. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon doubled to deep right. LeMahieu flied out to right. Blackmon to third on balk by Bolsinger. Tulowitzki singled to center, Blackmon scored. González singled to right, Tulowitzki to second. Arenado flied out to left. Paulsen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, González out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Kendrick singled to left. Ethier flied out to left. Grandal singled to right, Kendrick to third, Kendrick scored, Grandal to third on throwing error by right fielder González. Guerrero walked. Rollins grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Guerrero out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Hundley struck out swinging. Barnes flied out to left. Bettis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Bolsinger struck out swinging. Pederson hit by pitch. Turner struck out swinging. González flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon grounded out to second. LeMahieu walked. Tulowitzki walked, LeMahieu to second. González grounded into fielder's choice to first, Tulowitzki out at second, LeMahieu to third. González stole second. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Kendrick grounded out to pitcher. Ethier walked. Grandal singled to center, Ethier to second. Guerrero struck out swinging. Rollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Paulsen grounded out to first. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. Barnes walked. Bettis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Bolsinger grounded out to second. Pederson walked. Turner doubled to deep left, Pederson scored. González flied out to center. Kendrick grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon singled to right. LeMahieu singled to center, Blackmon to third. Tulowitzki homered to left (377 feet), Blackmon and LeMahieu scored. González struck out swinging. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Paulsen popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Ethier flied out to right. Grandal grounded out to first. Guerrero doubled to left. Rollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Ravin pitching for Dodgers. Hernández at shortstop. Hundley grounded out to third. Barnes struck out looking. Descalso hit for Bettis. Descalso singled to right. Blackmon singled to left, Descalso to third. Blackmon stole second. LeMahieu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Hernández struck out swinging. Pederson singled to left center. Turner singled to left, Pederson to second. González singled to center, Pederson scored, Turner to second. Brown pitching for Rockies. Kendrick walked, Turner to third, González to second. Ethier singled to right, Turner and González scored, Kendrick to third. Grandal walked, Ethier to second. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Grandal out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Ravin pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki grounded out to second. González popped out to shortstop. Arenado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Callaspo hit for Ravin. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Callaspo grounded out to third. Hernández lined out to left. Pederson homered to left (433 feet). Turner grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. Rosario hit for Paulsen. Rosario struck out swinging. Hundley struck out swinging. Barnes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Rosario at first base. Axford pitching for Rockies. González doubled to deep right. Kendrick struck out swinging. Ethier grounded out to first, González to third. Grandal flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Heisey in left field. McKenry hit for Axford. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. McKenry singled to left. Blackmon hit ground rule double to deep right center, McKenry to third. García pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu walked. Tulowitzki walked, McKenry scored, Blackmon to third, LeMahieu to second. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon scored, LeMahieu to third, Tulowitzki to second on passed ball by Grandal. González intentionally walked. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Arenado hit sacrifice fly to left, LeMahieu scored. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Rockies 7.	Arenado's sac fly lifts Rockies to 7-6 win over Dodgers