Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Inciarte bunt grounded out to third. Pollock flied out to center. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Pederson flied out to right. Turner singled to center. Gonzalez singled to center, Turner to third. Kendrick singled to center, Turner scored, Gonzalez to second. Grandal flied out to center. Guerrero struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Tomás grounded out to second. Lamb struck out swinging. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier grounded out to first. Rollins flied out to center. Bolsinger grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Ahmed lined out to right. De La Rosa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Pederson grounded out to first. Turner flied out to center. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Inciarte singled to left. Pollock struck out looking. Goldschmidt walked, Inciarte to second. Callaspo at third base. Tomás grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendrick singled to center. Grandal walked, Kendrick to second. Guerrero singled to left, Kendrick scored, Grandal to second, Grandal to third, Guerrero to second on throwing error by left fielder Inciarte. Ethier singled to left, Grandal scored, Guerrero to third. Rollins homered to center (401 feet), Guerrero and Ethier scored. Bolsinger struck out looking. Pederson struck out looking. Callaspo grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Lamb grounded out to first. Owings struck out looking. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Kendrick singled to left. Grandal doubled to right, Kendrick to third. Guerrero struck out looking. Ethier homered to right (382 feet), Kendrick and Grandal scored. Rollins grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Ahmed walked. Hill hit for De La Rosa. Hill struck out swinging. Inciarte reached on infield single to shortstop, Ahmed to second. Pollock doubled to deep center, Ahmed and Inciarte scored. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Tomás grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Inciarte in right field. Ramírez pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta in left field. Bolsinger struck out looking. Pederson grounded out to third. Callaspo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Lamb grounded out to first. Owings flied out to center. Castillo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Grandal flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Ahmed struck out swinging. Peralta grounded out to first. Inciarte grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Pennington at third base. Lamb at first base. Ramirez pitching for Diamondbacks. Guerrero flied out to center. Ethier grounded out to second. Rollins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Ravin pitching for Dodgers. Heisey in left field. Pollock lined out to center. Pennington singled to right. Saltalamacchia hit for Ramírez. Pennington to second on fielder's indifference. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second, Pennington to third. Lamb singled to right, Pennington scored. Lamb to second on fielder's indifference. Owings struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Dodgers 9.	Ethier, Rollins hit 3-run HRs in Dodgers' win over D-backs