Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Inciarte singled to left. Pollock struck out swinging. Goldschmidt singled to left, Inciarte to second. Tomás singled to deep center, Inciarte scored, Goldschmidt to third. Hill struck out swinging. Owings flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Pederson struck out looking. Puig singled to center. Gonzalez flied out to left. Kendrick safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Hill, Puig to second. Grandal fouled out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Castillo grounded out to third. Ahmed safe at first on error by second baseman Kendrick. Hellickson sacrificed to catcher, Ahmed to second. Inciarte grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier singled to right. Callaspo singled to right, Ethier to third. Rollins struck out swinging. Anderson sacrificed to third, Ethier scored, Callaspo to second. Pederson walked. Puig homered to center (403 feet), Callaspo and Pederson scored. Gonzalez lined out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Pollock singled to left. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to second, Pollock to second. Tomás flied out to center, Pollock to third. Hill grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Grandal homered to right (387 feet). Ethier struck out swinging. Callaspo flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Owings struck out swinging. Castillo walked. Ahmed popped out to second. Hellickson lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Rollins popped out to shortstop. Anderson struck out swinging. Pederson walked. Puig doubled to center, Pederson to third. Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Inciarte grounded out to first. Pollock singled to center. Goldschmidt homered to right center (385 feet), Pollock scored. Tomás homered to center (396 feet). Hill grounded out to shortstop. Owings grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Grandal struck out swinging. Ethier grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Nicasio pitching for Dodgers. Castillo grounded out to first. Ahmed singled to left. Peralta hit for Pérez. Ahmed stole second. Ahmed to third on passed ball by Grandal. Peralta walked. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. Inciarte flied out to left, Peralta to second. García pitching for Dodgers. Hernández in left field. Pollock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Callaspo doubled to center. Rollins sacrificed to pitcher, Callaspo to third. Hernández hit sacrifice fly to right, Callaspo scored. Pederson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Garcia pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt doubled to left. Tomás lined out to right, Goldschmidt to third. Hill hit by pitch. Owings hit sacrifice fly to center, Goldschmidt scored. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hill out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Puig singled to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Kendrick lined out to center. Grandal walked, Puig to second. Guerrero hit for García. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Ahmed grounded out to third. Pennington hit for Delgado. Pennington bunt grounded out to catcher. Inciarte flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Callaspo popped out to shortstop. Rollins flied out to left. Hernández flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Heisey in left field. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Pollock homered to left center (389 feet). Goldschmidt fouled out to first. Tomás fouled out to left. Hill struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Pederson grounded out to second. Puig walked. Gonzalez walked, Puig to second. Kendrick singled to right, Puig scored, Gonzalez to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Dodgers 7.	Puig has big night, Kendrick lifts Dodgers over D-backs 7-6