Dodgers - Top 1st. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Pederson struck out swinging. Kendrick struck out swinging. Turner homered to left center (404 feet). Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Gordon flied out to right. Yelich reached on infield single to shortstop. Hechavarría singled to right, Yelich to third, Yelich scored, Hechavarría to third on throwing error by right fielder Ethier. Hechavarría scored on Kershaw's wild pitch. Ozuna struck out swinging. Baker grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Ethier grounded out to first. Grandal struck out looking. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Realmuto doubled to left. Suzuki lined out to shortstop. Rojas grounded out to second, Realmuto to third. Koehler safe at first on error by center fielder Pederson, Realmuto scored. Koehler picked off first. Gordon batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Rollins flied out to right. Kershaw grounded out to third. Pederson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Gordon flied out to left. Yelich reached on infield single to pitcher. Hechavarría grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Yelich out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Kendrick singled to shallow right. Turner reached on infield single to second, Kendrick to third. Gonzalez singled to left, Kendrick scored, Turner to second. Ethier lined out to second. Grandal grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Ozuna struck out swinging. Baker struck out looking. Realmuto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Hernández flied out to left. Rollins singled to shallow center. Kershaw grounded out to third, Rollins to second. Pederson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Suzuki struck out looking. Rojas grounded out to pitcher. Koehler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Turner grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Gordon doubled to left. Yelich singled to shallow center, Gordon to third. Hechavarría struck out swinging. Ozuna struck out swinging. Baker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Ethier flied out to center. Grandal reached on infield single to third. Puig grounded out to third, Grandal to second. Rollins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Realmuto reached on infield single to shortstop. Suzuki sacrificed to third, Realmuto to second. Rojas grounded out to second, Realmuto to third. Gillespie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Capps pitching for Marlins. Callaspo struck out swinging. Pederson struck out looking. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Gordon struck out swinging. Yelich reached on infield single to second. García pitching for Dodgers. Yelich stole second. Hechavarría struck out swinging. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Turner struck out looking. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Ethier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 2 - Marlins 3.	Koehler helps Marlins beat Kershaw, Dodgers 3-2