Dodgers - Top 1st. Cole pitching for Pirates. Rollins singled to right. Kendrick grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rollins out at second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Polanco homered to center (402 feet). Marte grounded out to pitcher. McCutchen walked. Ramírez grounded into double play, third to second to first, McCutchen out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Ethier struck out swinging. Grandal struck out swinging. Puig lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Kang struck out swinging. Morse lined out to first. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Callaspo fouled out to catcher. Pederson doubled to deep right. Kershaw grounded out to second, Pederson to third. Rollins walked. Rollins stole second. Kendrick reached on infield single to third, Pederson and Rollins scored. Gonzalez lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Stewart reached on bunt single to third. Cole bunt popped out to first. Polanco singled to right, Stewart to second, Polanco thrown out at first attempting to advance on play. Marte popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Ethier walked. Grandal grounded into double play, second to first, Ethier out at second. Puig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. McCutchen singled to shallow left. Ramírez reached on infield single to third, McCutchen to second. Kang singled to right, McCutchen to third, Ramírez to second. Morse lined out to first. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Stewart walked, McCutchen scored, Ramírez to third, Kang to second. Cole struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Callaspo flied out to center. Pederson walked. Kershaw hit by pitch, Pederson to second. Rollins singled to left, Pederson scored, Kershaw to second. Kendrick struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Polanco grounded out to second. Marte hit by pitch. McCutchen doubled to deep center, Marte scored. McCutchen to third on wild pitch by Kershaw. Ramírez singled to shallow right, McCutchen scored. Kang struck out swinging. Morse grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramírez out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Ethier flied out to center. Grandal popped out to shortstop. Puig flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Rodriguez struck out looking. Stewart grounded out to third. Walker hit for Cole. Walker singled to center. Polanco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Soria pitching for Pirates. Rodriguez at first base. Walker at second base. Callaspo grounded out to first. Pederson fouled out to first. Crawford hit for Kershaw. Crawford reached first base on catcher's interference. Crawford stole second. Rollins doubled to deep right center, Crawford scored. Kendrick grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Nicasio pitching for Dodgers. Marte lined out to shortstop. McCutchen struck out swinging. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Van Slyke hit for Ethier. Van Slyke walked. Grandal popped out to third. Puig fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Van Slyke in left field. Nicasio pitching for Dodgers. Kang reached on infield single to second. Ishikawa hit for Watson. Avilán pitching for Dodgers. Cervelli hit for Ishikawa. Cervelli singled to left, Kang to second. Rodriguez walked, Kang to third, Cervelli to second. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kang out at home, Cervelli to third, Rodriguez to second. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cervelli out at home, Rodriguez to third, Stewart to second. Polanco grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Cervelli catching. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Callaspo grounded out to first. Pederson grounded out to first. Guerrero hit for Avilán. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Johnson pitching for Dodgers. Marte struck out swinging. McCutchen walked. Ramírez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, McCutchen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 10th. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Rollins lined out to center. Kendrick doubled to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Van Slyke walked. Kendrick to third, Van Slyke to second on wild pitch by Bastardo. Grandal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 10th. Johnson pitching for Dodgers. Kang walked. Cervelli singled to left, Kang to second. Rodriguez reached on bunt single to third, Kang to third, Cervelli to second. Álvarez hit for Bastardo. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Álvarez singled to right, Kang scored, Cervelli to third, Rodriguez to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 4 - Pirates 5.	Alvarez's pinch-hit in 10th lifts Pirates over Dodgers 5-4