Dodgers - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Rollins singled to right. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rollins out at second. Gonzalez hit by pitch, Kendrick to second. Van Slyke singled to left, Kendrick scored, Gonzalez to second. Puig struck out swinging. Hernández walked, Gonzalez to third, Van Slyke to second. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Van Slyke out at third, Hernández to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Latos pitching for Dodgers. Polanco walked. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to right, Polanco out at second. Marte stole second. McCutchen singled to center, Marte scored. Ramírez grounded into double play, third to second to first, McCutchen out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Guerrero struck out swinging. Latos singled to center. Rollins struck out looking. Kendrick reached on infield single to second, Latos to third. Gonzalez singled to left center, Latos scored, Kendrick to second. Van Slyke fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Latos pitching for Dodgers. Kang singled to center. Walker singled to right, Kang to second. Álvarez grounded out to second, Kang to third, Walker to second. Cervelli grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kang out at home. Liriano homered to left (343 feet), Walker and Cervelli scored. Polanco reached on infield single to first. Polanco stole second. Marte grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Puig walked. Hernández homered to center (418 feet), Puig scored. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Guerrero singled to left center. Latos bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Guerrero out at second. Rollins struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Latos pitching for Dodgers. McCutchen doubled to deep left. Ramírez grounded out to third. McCutchen stole third. Kang grounded out to second, McCutchen scored. Walker homered to right (440 feet). Álvarez lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Blanton pitching for Pirates. Kendrick lined out to right. Gonzalez singled to right. Van Slyke struck out swinging. Puig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Latos pitching for Dodgers. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. Blanton grounded out to first. Polanco fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Blanton pitching for Pirates. Hernández safe at first on error by third baseman Ramírez. Ellis walked, Hernández to second. Guerrero grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ellis out at second, Hernández to third. Ethier hit for Latos. Ethier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Marte flied out to center. McCutchen singled to left. Ramírez singled to deep left, McCutchen to third, Ramírez out stretching at second. Kang grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Blanton pitching for Pirates. Rollins struck out looking. Kendrick grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez singled to center. Van Slyke flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Walker grounded out to second. Álvarez struck out swinging. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Soria pitching for Pirates. Rodriguez at first base. Puig grounded out to second. Pederson hit for Hernández. Pederson singled to center. Grandal hit for Ellis. Grandal grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pederson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Pederson in center field. Grandal catching. Avilán pitching for Dodgers. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Polanco struck out swinging. Marte hit by pitch. McCutchen walked, Marte to second. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Florimón at shortstop. Kang at third base. Watson pitching for Pirates. Guerrero singled to right. Callaspo hit for Avilán. Callaspo grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Guerrero out at second. Rollins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Peralta pitching for Dodgers. Callaspo at third base. Kang lined out to right. Walker flied out to left. Ishikawa hit for Watson. Ishikawa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Kendrick singled to right. Gonzalez lined out to left. Van Slyke doubled to deep center, Kendrick scored. Puig grounded out to third. Pederson walked. Grandal struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 5 - Pirates 6.	Liriano's homer, McCutchen's 3 hits lead Pirates