Reds - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Suárez grounded out to pitcher. Votto singled to center. Frazier homered to right center (418 feet), Votto scored. Byrd grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Holmberg pitching for Reds. Rollins lined out to left. Hernández safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Frazier. Gonzalez singled to center, Hernández to second. Turner grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. De Jesús grounded out to second. Peña grounded out to shortstop. Holmberg grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Holmberg pitching for Reds. Puig homered to center (414 feet). Crawford walked. Crawford to second on wild pitch by Holmberg. Ellis walked. Pederson popped out to second. Anderson sacrificed to pitcher, Crawford to third, Ellis to second. Rollins singled to left, Crawford scored, Ellis to third. Hernández homered to left center (433 feet), Ellis and Rollins scored. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Hamilton grounded out to pitcher. Phillips reached on infield single to second. Suárez struck out swinging. Votto doubled to deep left, Phillips scored. Frazier walked. Byrd grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Holmberg pitching for Reds. Turner homered to right (370 feet). Puig walked. Crawford walked, Puig to second. Villarreal pitching for Reds. Ellis singled to shallow center, Puig to third, Crawford to second. Pederson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Puig scored, Ellis out at second, Crawford to third. Anderson sacrificed to catcher, Pederson to second. Rollins struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. De Jesús walked. Peña grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, De Jesús out at second. Villarreal struck out swinging. Hamilton reached on infield single to shortstop, Peña to second. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hamilton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Villarreal pitching for Reds. Hernández flied out to left. Gonzalez homered to left center (398 feet). Turner lined out to left. Puig lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Suárez struck out swinging. Votto grounded out to pitcher. Frazier safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Turner. Byrd flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Villarreal pitching for Reds. Crawford singled to right. Ellis struck out swinging. Pederson lined out to center. Anderson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. De Jesús grounded out to shortstop. Peña singled to right. Bruce hit for Villarreal. Bruce grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Peña out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Mattheus pitching for Reds. Rollins singled to right. Hernández grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rollins out at second. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. García pitching for Dodgers. Hamilton popped out to shortstop. Phillips struck out swinging. Suárez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Mattheus pitching for Reds. Turner lined out to third. Puig singled to right. Puig stole second. Crawford reached on infield single to pitcher, Puig to third. Ellis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Garcia pitching for Dodgers. Votto flied out to left. Frazier singled to left. Byrd lined into double play, second to first, Frazier doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Díaz pitching for Reds. Pederson grounded out to second. Guerrero hit for García. Guerrero singled to left. Guerrero out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Rollins walked. Hernández lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. De Jesús struck out swinging. Peña grounded out to second. Schumaker hit for Díaz. Schumaker grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 3 - Dodgers 8.	Dodgers hit 4 HRs in 8-3 win over Reds