Dodgers - Top 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruggiano struck out swinging. Peraza grounded out to second. Turner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Pollock singled to left. Inciarte lined out to shortstop. Goldschmidt walked, Pollock to second. Castillo homered to center (451 feet), Pollock and Goldschmidt scored. Gosselin singled to left. Owings tripled to right center, Gosselin scored. Tomás grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Owings out at home. Ahmed singled to right, Tomás to second. Ray struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez flied out to center. Van Slyke hit by pitch. Seager walked, Van Slyke to second. Ellis lined into double play, to first, Seager doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Inciarte reached on infield single to third. Goldschmidt homered to left (392 feet), Inciarte scored. Castillo grounded out to second. Gosselin safe at first on error by second baseman Peraza. Owings singled to center, Gosselin to third. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Tomás doubled to right, Gosselin and Owings scored. Ahmed homered to left (369 feet), Tomás scored. Ray grounded out to third. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Heisey lined out to left. Guerrero hit for Báez. Guerrero reached on infield single to third. Rollins ran for Guerrero. Ruggiano walked, Rollins to second. Peraza flied out to right. Turner walked, Rollins to third, Ruggiano to second. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. García pitching for Dodgers. Pollock fouled out to first. Inciarte singled to left. Goldschmidt flied out to right. Castillo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Van Slyke lined out to left. Seager singled to left. Ellis lined out to left. Heisey grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Dodgers. Gosselin flied out to right. Owings safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Turner. Tomás singled to center, Owings to third. Ahmed doubled to deep right, Owings scored, Tomás to third. Ray grounded out to catcher. Pollock grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 5th. Schebler hit for Johnson. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Schebler grounded out to first. Ruggiano flied out to right. Peraza popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Peralta pitching for Dodgers. Van Slyke at first base. Schebler in right field. Inciarte singled to left center. Inciarte to second on passed ball by Ellis. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Inciarte to third on wild pitch by Peralta. Castillo struck out swinging. Gosselin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner walked. Pederson hit for Peralta. Pederson fouled out to shortstop. Van Slyke grounded out to third, Turner to second. Seager walked. Turner to third, Seager to second on wild pitch by Burgos. Ellis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Thomas pitching for Dodgers. Barnes at third base. Owings struck out looking. Tomás grounded out to shortstop. Ahmed doubled to left. O'Brien hit for Burgos. O'Brien singled to center, Ahmed scored. Pollock flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Stites pitching for Diamondbacks. Inciarte in center field. Romak at first base. Hernández catching. O'Brien in left field. Heisey popped out to shortstop. Schebler struck out swinging. Ruggiano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Thomas pitching for Dodgers. Inciarte lined out to right. Romak struck out swinging. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Gosselin at second base. Drury at third base. Stites pitching for Diamondbacks. Peraza grounded out to shortstop. Barnes grounded out to third. Thomas struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Thomas pitching for Dodgers. Gosselin popped out to shortstop. Drury reached on infield single to first. Tomás grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Drury out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Van Slyke struck out swinging. Seager walked. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Seager out at second. Heisey singled to left, Ellis to second. Schebler safe at first on error by first baseman Romak, Ellis to third, Heisey to second. Ruggiano homered to center (416 feet), Ellis, Heisey and Schebler scored. Peraza fouled out to first. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 4 - Diamondbacks 12.	Ahmed leads offense in Diamondbacks' 12-4 win over Dodgers