Dodgers - Top 1st. Harvey pitching for Mets. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Rollins struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Granderson grounded out to pitcher. Wright struck out swinging. Murphy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Harvey pitching for Mets. Turner singled to center. Ethier singled to shallow center, Turner to second. Crawford singled to left, Turner to third, Ethier to second. Grandal singled to right, Turner and Ethier scored, Crawford to third, Crawford scored, Grandal to second on throwing error by right fielder Granderson. Hernández flied out to center. Anderson struck out swinging. Kendrick lined out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Céspedes reached on infield single to shortstop. Duda singled to right, Céspedes to second. d'Arnaud singled to center, Céspedes scored, Duda to second. Flores reached on infield single to second, Duda to third, d'Arnaud to second. Lagares grounded into fielder's choice to first, Duda out at home, d'Arnaud to third, Flores to second. Harvey struck out swinging. Granderson doubled to deep right center, d'Arnaud, Flores and Lagares scored. Wright grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Harvey pitching for Mets. Rollins struck out swinging. Gonzalez walked. Turner singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Ethier struck out swinging. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Murphy grounded out to first. Céspedes singled to center. Duda struck out looking. d'Arnaud homered to left (384 feet), Céspedes scored. Flores lined out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Harvey pitching for Mets. Grandal flied out to right. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Pederson hit for Anderson. Pederson walked. Kendrick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Lagares doubled to deep right center. Harvey struck out looking. Granderson grounded out to third. Wright intentionally walked. Murphy singled to shallow left, Lagares scored, Wright to second. Céspedes homered to left (440 feet), Wright and Murphy scored. Duda struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Harvey pitching for Mets. Rollins popped out to second. Gonzalez singled to center. Turner struck out swinging. Ethier singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. d'Arnaud grounded out to second. Flores doubled to shallow left. Lagares lined out to center. Cuddyer hit for Harvey. Cuddyer walked. Granderson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Colón pitching for Mets. Grandal struck out looking. Hernández struck out swinging. Puig hit for Wood. Puig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. García pitching for Dodgers. Wright walked. Murphy struck out swinging. Céspedes struck out swinging. Duda struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Colon pitching for Mets. Kendrick singled to right. Rollins grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kendrick out at second. Gonzalez homered to left center (382 feet). Turner grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Báez pitching for Dodgers. d'Arnaud singled to center. Flores walked, d'Arnaud to second. Lagares walked, d'Arnaud to third, Flores to second. Conforto hit for Colón. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Seager at third base. Conforto hit sacrifice fly to center, d'Arnaud scored, Flores to third, Lagares to second. Granderson doubled to deep left, Flores and Lagares scored. Wright grounded out to third. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Reed pitching for Mets. Ethier lined out to center. Crawford lined out to pitcher. Grandal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Avilán pitching for Dodgers. Céspedes grounded out to shortstop. Duda struck out swinging. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Goeddel pitching for Mets. Hernández singled to shallow center. Seager singled to right, Hernández to third. Kendrick homered to left center (375 feet), Hernández and Seager scored. Rollins singled to shallow left center. Familia pitching for Mets. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Ruggiano hit for Avilán. Ruggiano fouled out to third. Ethier grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 7 - Mets 13.	Mets thrash Dodgers to take 2-1 lead in NLDS