Red Sox - Top 1st . Minor pitching for Rangers . Betts flied out to left . Ramírez grounded out to third . Martinez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Price pitching for Red Sox . DeShields struck out swinging . Choo grounded out to third . Kiner - Falefa lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Minor pitching for Rangers . Bogaerts doubled to center . Devers struck out looking . Núñez flied out to center . Swihart flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Price pitching for Red Sox . Mazara lined out to center . Gallo hit by pitch . Profar tripled to deep center , Gallo scored . Núñez hit sacrifice fly to left , Profar scored . Chirinos struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Minor pitching for Rangers . Vázquez struck out swinging . Bradley Jr. fouled out to catcher . Betts homered to left center ( 413 feet ) . Ramírez walked . Martinez singled to center , Ramírez to second . Bogaerts flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Price pitching for Red Sox . Rua grounded out to third . DeShields reached on infield single to shortstop . Choo safe at first on error by third baseman Devers , DeShields to second . Kiner - Falefa popped out to third . Mazara doubled to left , DeShields and Choo scored . Gallo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 4th . Minor pitching for Rangers . Devers singled to right . Núñez singled to center , Devers to second , Devers to third , Núñez to second on error by center fielder DeShields . Swihart walked . Vázquez singled to left , Devers scored , Núñez to third , Swihart to second . Bradley Jr. struck out looking . Betts hit sacrifice fly to right , Núñez scored , Swihart to third . Ramírez grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Price pitching for Red Sox . Profar walked . Núñez fouled out to first . Chirinos singled to left center , Profar to second . Rua singled to center , Profar scored , Chirinos to second . DeShields singled to right center , Chirinos to third , Rua to second . Choo struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa walked , Chirinos scored , Rua to third , DeShields to second . Velázquez pitching for Red Sox . Rua scored , DeShields to third , Kiner - Falefa to second on wild pitch by Velázquez . Mazara homered to right center ( 435 feet ) , DeShields and Kiner - Falefa scored . Gallo grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Minor pitching for Rangers . Martinez reached on infield single to third . Bogaerts walked , Martinez to second . Devers grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bogaerts out at second , Martinez to third . Núñez struck out swinging . Swihart grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Devers out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Velazquez pitching for Red Sox . Profar walked . Núñez struck out swinging . Chirinos reached on fielder 's choice to shortstop , Profar to second , Profar to third on throwing error by shortstop Bogaerts . Walden pitching for Red Sox . Rua struck out swinging . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chirinos out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 6th . Minor pitching for Rangers . Vázquez grounded out to shortstop . Bradley Jr. lined out to second . Betts grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Walden pitching for Red Sox . Choo singled to left . Kiner - Falefa singled to right , Choo thrown out at third . Mazara grounded out to first , Kiner - Falefa to second . Kiner - Falefa to third on wild pitch by Walden . Gallo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Martinez struck out swinging . Bogaerts safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Kiner - Falefa . Devers grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bogaerts out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Walden pitching for Red Sox . Profar struck out swinging . Núñez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Bogaerts . Chirinos doubled to deep left , Núñez scored . Rua grounded out to pitcher . DeShields lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 8th . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Núñez flied out to right . Swihart walked . Vázquez singled to right , Swihart to second . Bradley Jr. struck out swinging . Betts doubled to deep left , Swihart and Vázquez scored . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Ramírez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Lin at shortstop . Swihart catching . Walden pitching for Red Sox . Choo singled to right . Kiner - Falefa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Choo out at second . Mazara struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Lin grounded out to second . Devers grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 5 - Rangers 11 .	Mazara 5 RBIs as Rangers win 11 - 5 over Red Sox and Price