Mariners - Top 1st . Wright pitching for Red Sox . Gordon singled to center . Haniger struck out swinging . Span singled to left center , Gordon to second . Cruz homered to center ( 465 feet ) , Gordon and Span scored . Seager grounded out to pitcher . Healy homered to left ( 441 feet ) . Zunino grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . LeBlanc pitching for Mariners . Betts singled to center . Benintendi singled to left center , Betts to second . Martinez doubled to left , Betts scored , Benintendi to third . Moreland singled to right , Benintendi scored , Martinez to third . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Holt doubled to right , Martinez scored , Moreland to third . Devers grounded out to second , Moreland scored , Holt to third . Vázquez hit ground rule double to deep right center , Holt scored . Swihart lined out to left . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Wright pitching for Red Sox . Heredia grounded out to pitcher . Romine singled to left . Romine to second on passed ball by Vázquez . Gordon walked . Haniger singled to left , Romine scored , Gordon to second . Span grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Haniger out at second , Gordon to third . Cruz singled to deep right center , Gordon scored , Span to third . Seager grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . LeBlanc pitching for Mariners . Betts walked . Benintendi flied out to left . Martinez doubled to deep left , Betts to third . Moreland lined out to shortstop . Bogaerts lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Wright pitching for Red Sox . Healy struck out swinging . Zunino flied out to center . Heredia fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . LeBlanc pitching for Mariners . Holt struck out swinging . Devers flied out to left . Vázquez singled to left , Vázquez out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Wright pitching for Red Sox . Romine singled to right center . Gordon flied out to left . Romine to second on passed ball by Vázquez . Haniger walked . Span doubled to deep left center , Romine scored , Haniger to third . Cruz homered to left center ( 443 feet ) , Haniger and Span scored . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Seager struck out swinging . Healy flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . LeBlanc pitching for Mariners . Swihart popped out to shortstop . Betts grounded out to third . Benintendi grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Zunino struck out swinging . Heredia struck out swinging . Romine singled to right . Gordon reached on infield single to second , Romine to second . Haniger reached on infield single to third , Romine to third , Gordon to second . Span flied out to left . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . LeBlanc pitching for Mariners . Martinez lined out to right . Moreland singled to center . Bogaerts flied out to right . Holt singled to deep right , Moreland to third . Devers singled to left , Moreland scored , Holt to second . Pazos pitching for Mariners . Vázquez flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Cruz singled to left . Seager popped out to third . Healy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Pazos pitching for Mariners . Swihart flied out to center . Betts popped out to second . Benintendi walked . Vincent pitching for Mariners . Martinez homered to center ( 427 feet ) , Benintendi scored . Moreland tripled to deep right center . Bogaerts reached on infield single to shortstop , Moreland scored . Bogaerts stole second . Holt grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Zunino struck out swinging . Heredia struck out looking . Romine struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Nicasio pitching for Mariners . Devers singled to right . Vázquez struck out looking . Swihart singled to left , Devers to second . Betts walked , Devers to third , Swihart to second . Benintendi singled to center , Devers scored , Swihart to third , Betts to second . Martinez singled to center , Swihart and Betts scored , Benintendi to third . Rumbelow pitching for Mariners . Moreland struck out looking . Núñez hit for Bogaerts . Benintendi scored , Martinez to second on wild pitch by Rumbelow . Martinez to third on wild pitch by Rumbelow . Núñez singled to center , Martinez scored . Holt struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Núñez at second base . Holt at shortstop . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Gordon struck out looking . Haniger walked . Span grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Haniger out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Elías pitching for Mariners . Devers doubled to deep left center . Vázquez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Devers out at third . Swihart flied out to left . Vázquez to second on wild pitch by Elías . Betts flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Red Sox . Cruz popped out to first . Seager struck out swinging . Healy lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 10 - Red Sox 14 .	Martinez HR helps Red Sox rally from 5 down , top M 's 14 - 10