Cardinals - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Royals . Eckstein singled to right . Walker doubled to deep right , Eckstein to third . Pujols struck out looking . Edmonds walked . Mabry homered to right , Eckstein , Walker and Edmonds scored . Grudzielanek grounded out to first . Nunez grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Berroa singled to center . Graffanino grounded into double play , second to first , Berroa out at second . Sweeney walked . Brown singled to right , Sweeney to second . Marrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Taguchi flied out to left . Molina flied out to right . Eckstein singled to center . Eckstein to second on wild pitch by Greinke . Walker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Diaz grounded out to third . Long lined out to shortstop . Teahen grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Pujols doubled to deep center . Edmonds grounded out to second , Pujols to third . Mabry doubled to deep right , Pujols scored . Grudzielanek lined out to center . Nunez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Buck doubled to deep right . Berroa walked . Graffanino singled to left , Buck to third , Berroa to second . Sweeney doubled to left , Buck , Berroa and Graffanino scored . Sweeney to third on passed ball by Molina . Brown walked . Marrero popped out to first . Diaz grounded into double play , third to second to first , Brown out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Taguchi singled to right . Molina grounded out to shortstop , Taguchi to second . Eckstein popped out to first . Walker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Long grounded out to shortstop . Teahen struck out swinging . Buck singled to right . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Buck out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Pujols singled to center . Edmonds doubled to deep right center , Pujols scored . Mabry grounded out to second , Edmonds to third . Grudzielanek struck out looking . Nunez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Graffanino walked . Sweeney hit ground rule double to deep left , Graffanino to third . Brown walked . Marrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Graffanino scored , Brown out at second , Sweeney to third . Diaz grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Taguchi grounded out to shortstop . Molina flied out to center . Eckstein walked . Walker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Long flied out to right . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Teahen grounded out to first . Buck grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Pujols singled to left . Edmonds struck out looking . Mabry singled to right , Pujols to third . Grudzielanek grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mabry out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Berroa lined out to second . Graffanino grounded out to second . Sisco pitching for Royals . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Sisco pitching for Royals . Nunez singled to left . Taguchi sacrificed to catcher , Nunez to second . Molina singled to center , Nunez scored . Sanders hit for Walker . Eckstein flied out to center . Sanders grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Brown doubled to deep left center . Marrero grounded out to pitcher . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Diaz struck out swinging . Long singled to center , Brown to third . Teahen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brown and Long scored on throwing error by shortstop Eckstein . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . DeJesus hit for Buck . DeJesus hit by pitch . Castillo catching . Berroa fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 9th . Sisco pitching for Royals . Pujols popped out to shortstop . Edmonds struck out swinging . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Mabry struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Graffanino reached on infield single to third . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Graffanino out at second . Brown struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Royals 6 .	Mabry lights up Royals , powers Cardinals to win