Royals - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Berroa struck out swinging . Gotay grounded out to shortstop . Stairs singled to center . Brown struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Counsell grounded out to shortstop . Cruz struck out looking . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Glaus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Long grounded out to shortstop . Teahen flied out to left . Costa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Clark grounded out to first . Green grounded out to third . Clayton doubled to left . Snyder intentionally walked . Webb grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Snyder out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Castillo grounded out to third . Carrasco grounded out to shortstop . Berroa popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Counsell grounded out to second . Cruz grounded out to first . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Gotay singled to center . Stairs safe at first on error by center fielder Cruz , Gotay to third . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gotay out at home , Stairs to second . Long grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Brown out at second , Stairs to third . Teahen grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Glaus grounded out to third . Clark grounded out to first . Green singled to right . Clayton singled to center , Green to second . Snyder singled to right , Green scored , Clayton to third . Webb struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Costa walked . Castillo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Costa out at second . Carrasco grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Counsell fouled out to first . Cruz struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Berroa grounded out to third . Gotay grounded out to pitcher . Stairs walked . Brown singled to center , Stairs to second . Long grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Brown out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Glaus singled to right . Clark singled to right , Glaus to second . Green grounded into double play , third to first , Glaus out at third , Clark to second . Clayton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Teahen singled to center . Costa grounded out to shortstop , Teahen to second . DeJesus hit for Carrasco . Castillo singled to center , Teahen scored . DeJesus struck out swinging . Castillo to second on wild pitch by Webb . Castillo to third on wild pitch by Webb . Long in left field . Nunez pitching for Royals . DeJesus in center field . Berroa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals . Snyder flied out to right . Webb fouled out to right . Counsell grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Gotay struck out looking . Stairs flied out to left . Brown singled to left center . Stairs in left field . Burgos pitching for Royals . Graffanino at first base . Long lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Cruz grounded out to second . Gonzalez singled to right . Glaus struck out looking . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken in center field . Clark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Teahen grounded out to first . Graffanino reached on infield single to shortstop . Castillo popped out to second . DeJesus flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Green reached on infield single to second . Tracy hit for Snyder . Clayton bunt popped out foul to first . Tracy struck out swinging . Stinnett catching . McCracken popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 10th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Berroa singled to left . Gotay sacrificed to third , Berroa to second . Stairs intentionally walked . McEwing hit for Burgos . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Berroa scored , Stairs out at second . Jensen pitching for Royals . McEwing grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Jensen pitching for Royals . Counsell homered to right . Cormier grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Glaus hit by pitch . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 11th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Teahen singled to right . Graffanino singled to center , Teahen to third . Castillo doubled to deep left , Teahen scored , Graffanino thrown out at home . DeJesus flied out to right , Castillo to third . Berroa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 11th . Jensen pitching for Royals . Green doubled to deep center . Clayton struck out looking . Stinnett lined out to left . McCracken tripled to deep right , Green scored . Hairston hit for Bruney . Counsell intentionally walked . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 12th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gotay walked . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Stairs grounded out to second , Gotay to second . Sweeney hit for Jensen . Brown hit by pitch . Jensen batting . Teahen batting . Brown scored , Teahen to second on balk by Aquino . Graffanino singled to center , Teahen scored . Herges pitching for Diamondbacks . Castillo walked , Graffanino to second , Graffanino to third on throwing error by catcher Stinnett . DeJesus singled to right , Graffanino scored , Castillo to second . Berroa tripled to deep right , Castillo and DeJesus scored . Gotay popped out to catcher . 6 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 12th . Jensen pitching for Royals . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Glaus fouled out to first . Clark homered to right . Green flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 9 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Royals overtake Diamondbacks in 12th inning