Royals - Top 1st . Silva pitching for Twins . DeJesus struck out looking . Berroa flied out to center . Long grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Howell pitching for Royals . Stewart singled to center . Williams walked , Stewart to second . Ford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Williams out at second , Stewart to third . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Stewart scored , Ford out at second . Hunter caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Jones batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Silva pitching for Twins . Brown hit ground rule double to deep center . Stairs reached on infield single to second , Brown to third . Teahen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Brown scored , Stairs out at second . Buck grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Howell pitching for Royals . Jones walked . Jones stole second . Jones stole third . LeCroy struck out looking . Cuddyer walked . Redmond doubled to deep center , Jones and Cuddyer scored . Castro flied out to right , Redmond to third . Stewart grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Silva pitching for Twins . Costa homered to right . Gotay singled to left . DeJesus flied out to right . Berroa flied into double play , right to first , Gotay doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Howell pitching for Royals . Williams grounded out to shortstop . Ford grounded out to shortstop . Hunter singled to left . Hunter stole second . Jones walked . LeCroy singled to right , Hunter thrown out at home , Jones to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Silva pitching for Twins . Long singled to center . Brown singled to center , Long to third . Stairs grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Long scored , Brown out at second . Teahen grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Howell pitching for Royals . Cuddyer singled to center . Redmond singled to left , Cuddyer to second . Wood pitching for Royals . Castro sacrificed to pitcher , Cuddyer to third , Redmond to second . Stewart doubled to left , Cuddyer and Redmond scored . Williams singled to center , Stewart scored . Rivas ran for Williams . Ford doubled to left , Williams to third . Hunter hit sacrifice fly to right , Rivas scored , Ford to third . Rivas at second base . Cuddyer at third base . Jones struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Silva pitching for Twins . Buck doubled to deep right . Costa singled to center , Buck scored . Gotay singled to right , Costa to third . DeJesus hit sacrifice fly to left , Costa scored , Gotay to second . Berroa struck out swinging . Long singled to left , Gotay scored , Long to second advancing on throw . Brown grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Wood pitching for Royals . LeCroy grounded out to third . Cuddyer grounded out to third . Redmond singled to center . Mulholland pitching for Twins . Castro lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Mulholland pitching for Twins . Stairs doubled to deep center . Teahen singled to left , Stairs to third . Buck singled to center , Stairs scored , Teahen to third , Buck to second advancing on throw . Crain pitching for Twins . Costa grounded out to second , Teahen scored , Buck to third . Gotay struck out swinging . DeJesus fouled out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Wood pitching for Royals . Stewart walked . Rivas reached on infield single to second , Stewart to second . Ford grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rivas out at second , Stewart to third . Hunter hit by pitch , Ford to second . Sisco pitching for Royals . Jones lined into double play , to shortstop , Ford doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Crain pitching for Twins . Berroa grounded out to second . Long grounded out to second . Brown grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Sisco pitching for Royals . LeCroy flied out to left . Cuddyer walked . Nunez pitching for Royals . Ryan hit for Castro . Redmond walked , Cuddyer to second . Ryan singled to deep right , Cuddyer scored , Redmond to third . Stewart singled to left , Redmond scored , Ryan to second . Rivas singled to right , Ryan scored , Stewart to third . Rivas at shortstop . Morneau at first base . Rodriguez at second base . Romero pitching for Twins . Ford struck out swinging , Ford second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Graffanino hit for Teahen . Rincon pitching for Twins . Stairs fouled out to first . Graffanino grounded out to first . Graffanino at third base . Jensen pitching for Royals . Buck grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Jensen pitching for Royals . Hunter flied out to right . Jones struck out swinging . Morneau homered to right center . Nathan pitching for Twins . Cuddyer lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Costa singled to right . Gotay struck out looking . DeJesus flied out to right . Costa to second on fielder 's indifference . Berroa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 8 - Twins 11 .	Royal pains : Twins rally , send K.C. to eighth straight loss