Athletics - Top 1st . Lima pitching for Royals . Kendall struck out swinging . Kotsay popped out to shortstop . Crosby walked . Chavez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Blanton pitching for Athletics . DeJesus flied out to center . Ambres grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Lima pitching for Royals . Johnson fouled out to catcher . Payton popped out to shortstop . Swisher grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Stairs singled to right center . Brown singled to center , Stairs to second . Teahen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Brown out at second , Stairs to third . Berroa hit by pitch . Berroa to second on wild pitch by Blanton . Buck struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Lima pitching for Royals . Kielty singled to center . Ellis flied out to center . Kendall singled to left , Kielty to second . Kotsay popped out to third . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendall out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Murphy grounded out to second . DeJesus struck out looking . Ambres singled to center . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Lima pitching for Royals . Chavez lined out to first . Johnson homered to right . Payton singled to right . Swisher walked , Payton to second . Kielty flied out to center , Payton to third . Ellis reached on infield single to third , Payton scored , Swisher to second . Kendall singled to right , Swisher scored , Ellis to third . Kotsay popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Stairs grounded out to first . Brown flied out to right . Teahen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Lima pitching for Royals . Crosby struck out swinging . Chavez singled to right . Johnson walked , Chavez to second . Payton popped out to shortstop . Swisher walked , Chavez to third , Johnson to second . Kielty singled to left , Chavez and Johnson scored , Swisher to third . Ellis doubled to deep center , Swisher and Kielty scored . Gobble pitching for Royals . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Berroa struck out swinging . Buck lined out to center . Murphy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Kotsay safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Murphy . Crosby struck out swinging . Chavez doubled to deep left , Kotsay to third . Johnson walked . Payton grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Kotsay out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 6th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . DeJesus safe at first on error by third baseman Chavez . Ambres grounded into fielder 's choice to third , DeJesus out at second . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ambres out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 7th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Swisher grounded out to third . Kielty singled to center . Ellis doubled to deep left center , Kielty scored . Kendall walked . Kotsay singled to center , Ellis to third , Kendall to second . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ellis scored , Kotsay out at second , Kendall to third . Chavez doubled to left , Kendall and Crosby scored . Johnson walked . Payton singled to center , Chavez scored , Johnson to second . Sisco pitching for Royals . Swisher homered to left , Johnson and Payton scored . Kielty walked . Scutaro at shortstop . Ginter at third base . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Phillips hit for Stairs . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kielty out at second . 8 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Phillips grounded out to second . Hocking hit for Teahen . Brown struck out swinging . Hocking at third base . McEwing at shortstop . Hocking grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Sisco pitching for Royals . Kendall walked . Kotsay struck out looking . Ginter flied out to center . Scutaro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Yabu pitching for Athletics . McEwing doubled to deep left center . Buck reached on infield single to shortstop , McEwing to third . Murphy struck out swinging . DeJesus singled to left , McEwing scored , Buck to second . Ambres flied out to left . Bayliss pitching for Royals . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Bayliss pitching for Royals . Johnson singled to center . Payton doubled to deep right , Johnson scored . Swisher walked . Kielty struck out looking . Ellis flied out to left . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Kendall flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Phillips grounded out to second . Brown walked . Hocking singled to right center , Brown to third . McEwing flied out to center . Buck flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 16 - Royals 1 .	A 's score eight runs in seventh , clobber Royals