Rangers - Top 1st . Howell pitching for Royals . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . Young grounded out to third . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Ambres singled to center . McEwing grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ambres out at second . Long grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Howell pitching for Royals . Soriano singled to center . Soriano stole second , Soriano safe at third on throwing error by catcher Buck . Mench grounded out to third . Blalock fouled out to shortstop . Nevin walked . Barajas lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Brown singled to right center . Buck grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Brown out at second . Berroa singled to left , Berroa to second on error by left fielder Mench . Diaz singled to right , Berroa scored . Huber grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 3rd . Howell pitching for Royals . Derosa fouled out to shortstop . Matthews Jr struck out swinging , Matthews Jr safe at first on wild pitch by Howell . Matthews Jr to second on wild pitch by Howell . Young struck out swinging . Teixeira struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Hocking doubled to deep left center . Ambres grounded out to pitcher . McEwing reached on infield single to shortstop . Long singled to center , Hocking scored , McEwing to third . Brown grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Long out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Howell pitching for Royals . Soriano doubled to left . Mench grounded out to third , Soriano to third . Blalock doubled to deep right , Soriano scored . Nevin walked . Barajas homered to left , Blalock and Nevin scored . Derosa struck out swinging . Matthews Jr lined out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Buck popped out to second . Berroa lined out to right . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Howell pitching for Royals . Young struck out swinging . Teixeira struck out swinging . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Huber flied out to right . Hocking walked . Ambres singled to center , Hocking to second . McEwing singled to right , Hocking scored , Ambres to third . Long flied out to left . Brown struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Howell pitching for Royals . Mench singled to left . Blalock grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mench out at second . Nevin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Buck lined out to center . Berroa grounded out to shortstop . Diaz singled to left . Burgos pitching for Royals . Huber grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Diaz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Barajas homered to left . Derosa flied out to right . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Young hit by pitch . Teixeira struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Hocking grounded out to shortstop . Ambres flied out to center . McEwing struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Soriano singled to right , Soriano to second on error by right fielder Brown . Mench walked . Blalock lined out to right , Soriano to third . Nevin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mench out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Long doubled to deep center . Karsay pitching for Rangers . Brown flied out to right , Long to third . Buck walked . Guiel hit for Diaz . Berroa singled to center , Long scored , Buck to second . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Phillips hit for Guiel . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Berroa out at second , Buck to third . Huber walked , Phillips to second . Hocking struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Barajas flied out to center . Derosa grounded out to second . Matthews Jr struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Ambres walked . McEwing sacrificed to pitcher , Ambres to second . Long grounded out to second , Ambres to third . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 5 - Royals 4 .	Gambler pays off for Rangers in narrow win vs. Royals