Royals - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Dyson grounded out to first. Gordon grounded out to first. Butler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Jackson singled to center. Boesch singled to right, Jackson to third. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Jackson scored, Boesch to third. Fielder grounded into fielder's choice to first, Boesch and Cabrera scored, Fielder safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Hosmer. Dirks singled to right center, Fielder scored on error by center fielder Dyson. Avila singled to right center, Dirks to third. Peralta singled to right, Dirks scored, Avila to second. Santiago grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peralta out at second, Avila to third. Kelly fouled out to third. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Hosmer grounded out to shortstop. Francoeur singled to center. Moustakas flied out to left. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Jackson singled to center. Boesch fouled out to third. Jackson stole second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Fielder intentionally walked. Dirks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Quintero flied out to center. Escobar grounded out to second. Dyson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Avila walked. Peralta walked, Avila to second. Santiago bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Avila out at third, Peralta to second. Kelly singled to deep right, Peralta scored, Santiago to third. Jackson doubled to deep left, Santiago and Kelly scored. Boesch grounded out to shortstop, Jackson to third. Cabrera flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Gordon struck out swinging. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Fielder grounded out to first. Dirks doubled to center. Avila grounded out to pitcher. Eldred ran for Dirks. Peralta singled to center, Eldred scored. Santiago singled to right, Peralta thrown out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Francoeur reached on infield single to shortstop. Moustakas fouled out to third. Betancourt doubled to left, Francoeur to third. Quintero grounded out to second, Francoeur scored, Betancourt to third. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Kelly struck out swinging. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Boesch struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Dyson singled to left center. Gordon doubled to deep left, Dyson scored. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer flied out to left. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Cabrera flied out to left. Collins pitching for Royals. Fielder struck out swinging. Eldred struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Moustakas singled to right center. Betancourt grounded into double play, third to second to first, Moustakas out at second. Quintero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Collins pitching for Royals. Avila struck out looking. Peralta grounded out to pitcher. Santiago walked. Kelly struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Escobar struck out swinging. Dyson tripled to deep right center. Gordon grounded out to first, Dyson scored. Butler lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Jackson singled to left. Boesch flied out to right. Cabrera singled to center, Jackson to second. Hottovy pitching for Royals. Fielder lined into double play, shortstop to second, Jackson doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Hosmer flied out to left. Francoeur doubled to deep left center. Moustakas flied out to center. Betancourt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 3 - Tigers 9.	Jackson, Porcello lead slumping Tigers to win