Twins - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Komatsu grounded out to first. Dozier safe at first on error by first baseman Fielder. Mauer doubled to deep left, Dozier scored, Mauer to third on throwing error by shortstop Santiago. Willingham doubled to deep left, Mauer scored. Morneau struck out swinging. Doumit struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Jackson singled to left. Dirks walked, Jackson to second. Cabrera flied out to center, Jackson to third, Dirks to second. Fielder hit sacrifice fly to left, Jackson scored. Young struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Plouffe flied out to center. Casilla bunt grounded out to third. Carroll singled to left. Komatsu safe at first on error by second baseman Raburn, Carroll to second. Dozier homered to left (389 feet), Carroll and Komatsu scored. Mauer grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Avila struck out looking. Raburn walked. Boesch singled to right, Raburn to third. Santiago singled to left, Raburn scored, Boesch to third. Jackson singled to center, Boesch scored, Santiago to second. Dirks singled to center, Santiago scored, Jackson to third, Dirks to second advancing on throw. Cabrera singled to right, Jackson scored, Dirks to third. Fielder hit sacrifice fly to right, Dirks scored. Cabrera caught stealing second, pitcher to second. Young batting. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Willingham doubled to deep right. Morneau flied out to center. Doumit singled to right center, Willingham scored. Plouffe lined out to third, Doumit to second on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera. Casilla grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Gray pitching for Twins. Young grounded out to third. Avila grounded out to second. Raburn grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Carroll grounded out to second. Komatsu struck out swinging. Dozier flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Gray pitching for Twins. Boesch grounded out to second. Santiago flied out to center. Jackson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Kelly in center field. Below pitching for Tigers. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. Willingham flied out to left. Morneau grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Gray pitching for Twins. Dirks singled to right. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Dirks scored. Fielder flied out to center, Cabrera to third. Burnett pitching for Twins. Young grounded out to shortstop. Avila intentionally walked. Raburn grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Below pitching for Tigers. Doumit singled to left. Plouffe struck out swinging. Casilla walked, Doumit to second. Carroll doubled to left, Doumit and Casilla scored. Komatsu popped out to shortstop. Dozier struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Boesch flied out to left. Santiago walked. Duensing pitching for Twins. Kelly fouled out to third. Dirks flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Below pitching for Tigers. Mauer flied out to center. Putkonen pitching for Tigers. Willingham singled to center. Morneau doubled to deep right, Willingham to third. Doumit intentionally walked. Plouffe struck out looking. Casilla singled to right, Willingham scored, Morneau to third, Doumit to second. Carroll flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Fielder reached on infield single to second. Young doubled to deep left, Fielder to third. Avila struck out swinging. Burton pitching for Twins. Raburn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Putkonen pitching for Tigers. Komatsu grounded out to second. Dozier struck out looking. Mauer singled to center. Mauer to second on wild pitch by Putkonen. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Butera catching. Burton pitching for Twins. Boesch flied out to right. Santiago flied out to left. Kelly grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Balester pitching for Tigers. Morneau flied out to center. Butera doubled to left. Plouffe homered to left (411 feet), Butera scored. Casilla walked. Carroll grounded into double play, third to second to first, Casilla out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Dirks singled to center. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Dirks out at second. Fielder flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 11 - Tigers 7.	Twins outlast error-prone Tigers in slugfest