Tigers - Top 1st. Oswalt pitching for Rangers. Jackson struck out swinging. Berry singled to right. Cabrera flied into double play, center to first, Berry doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Fister pitching for Tigers. Kinsler flied out to left. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Oswalt pitching for Rangers. Fielder flied out to right. Young grounded out to second. Avila singled to right. Peralta singled to right, Avila to second. Boesch struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Beltre singled to center. Young singled to center, Beltre to second. Cruz safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera, Beltre scored, Young to third. Murphy homered to right (394 feet), Young and Cruz scored. Napoli struck out swinging. Martin doubled to deep center. Martin to third on passed ball by Avila. Kinsler flied out to left. Andrus grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Oswalt pitching for Rangers. Raburn doubled to left. Jackson struck out swinging. Berry flied out to center. Cabrera singled to center, Raburn scored. Fielder grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Hamilton struck out swinging. Beltre grounded out to first. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Oswalt pitching for Rangers. Young struck out swinging. Avila singled to left. Peralta singled to shallow left, Avila to second. Boesch singled to right, Avila scored, Peralta to second. Raburn grounded into double play, third to second to first, Boesch out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Cruz grounded out to second. Murphy homered to right center (414 feet). Napoli singled to left. Martin struck out swinging. Kinsler homered to center (430 feet), Napoli scored. Andrus singled to center. Hamilton struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Oswalt pitching for Rangers. Jackson singled to shallow center. Berry tripled to deep right, Jackson scored. Cabrera popped out to first. Fielder grounded into fielder's choice to third, Berry out at home. Young singled to right, Fielder to second. Avila walked, Fielder to third, Young to second. Peralta doubled to left, Fielder and Young scored, Avila to third. Boesch struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Beltre singled to left. Young flied out to right. Cruz walked, Beltre to second. Below pitching for Tigers. Murphy singled to center, Beltre scored, Cruz to second. Napoli flied out to left. Martin tripled to right, Cruz and Murphy scored. Kinsler flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Oswalt pitching for Rangers. Raburn struck out looking. Jackson walked. Berry singled to right, Jackson to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to first, Jackson out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Below pitching for Tigers. Andrus walked. Hamilton hit by pitch, Andrus to second. Andrus stole third. Beltre struck out swinging. Young singled to right, Andrus scored, Hamilton to second. Cruz grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Young out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Ross pitching for Rangers. Fielder walked. Young grounded out to second. Avila lined out to left. Peralta grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Below pitching for Tigers. Murphy singled to center. Napoli grounded into double play, third to second to first, Murphy out at second. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Boesch grounded out to second. Raburn singled to center. Raburn to second on wild pitch by Perez. Jackson singled to right, Raburn scored. Berry struck out swinging. Cabrera walked, Jackson to second. Fielder reached on infield single to second, Jackson to third, Cabrera to second, Jackson scored, Cabrera to third on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler. Adams pitching for Rangers. Young singled to left, Cabrera scored, Fielder to second. Avila singled to left, Fielder scored, Young to second. Worth ran for Avila. Peralta struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Laird catching. Dotel pitching for Tigers. Kinsler doubled to second. Andrus reached on bunt single to third, Kinsler scored. Hamilton struck out swinging. Beltre doubled to deep left, Andrus scored. Young safe at first on error by second baseman Raburn, Beltre to third. Cruz struck out swinging. Murphy popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Rangers. Boesch struck out swinging, Boesch safe at first on wild pitch by Nathan. Raburn flied out to right. Jackson flied out to right. Berry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 9 - Rangers 13.	Oswalt shaky, but Rangers top Tigers \n