Tigers - Top 1st. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Jackson singled to right. Berry grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jackson out at second. Berry stole second. Cabrera flied out to right. Fielder lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Fister pitching for Tigers. Choo walked. Cabrera singled to right, Choo to second. Kipnis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera out at second, Choo to third. Kipnis caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Brantley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Young singled to right. Boesch flied out to left. Peralta struck out swinging. Avila walked, Young to second. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at third, Avila to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Santana doubled to deep right. Hafner flied out to center, Santana to third. Damon singled to center, Santana scored. Kotchman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Damon out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Jackson singled to right. Jackson stole second. Berry struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Jackson to third. Fielder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Hannahan lined out to second. Choo struck out looking. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Young grounded out to third. Boesch lined out to right. Peralta walked. Avila flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Kipnis doubled to deep left. Brantley reached on infield single to third. Santana singled to right, Kipnis scored, Santana to second, Brantley to second, Brantley thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Hafner struck out swinging. Damon grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Infante singled to right center. Jackson struck out swinging. Berry singled to right, Infante to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Berry out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Kotchman singled to right center. Hannahan grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Kotchman out at second. Choo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Fielder singled to center. Young struck out swinging. Boesch singled to shallow left, Fielder to second. Peralta popped out to second. Fielder to third, Boesch to second on wild pitch by Jimenez. Avila grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Cabrera singled to center. Kipnis grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. Brantley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Cunningham in left field. Smith pitching for Indians. Infante grounded out to third. Jackson grounded out to second. Berry walked. Cabrera homered to center (404 feet), Berry scored. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Santana flied out to left. Hafner tripled to center. Marson ran for Hafner. Cunningham sacrificed to catcher, Marson scored, Cunningham safe at second on error by pitcher Fister. Kotchman lined out to third. Hannahan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 8th. Pestano pitching for Indians. Young singled to center. Boesch grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Young out at second. Peralta walked. Kelly ran for Peralta. Avila flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Santiago at shortstop. Coke pitching for Tigers. Choo lined out to right. Cabrera doubled to deep center. Kipnis flied out to right. Brantley lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Infante flied out to right. Jackson flied out to right. Berry grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 2 - Indians 3.	Indians squeeze past Tigers, close Central gap