Yankees - Top 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Granderson struck out swinging. Jeter flied out to center. Cano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Nova pitching for Yankees. Jackson grounded out to third. Dirks singled to right center. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dirks out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Teixeira struck out swinging. Ibanez struck out looking. Swisher grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Fielder homered to right (379 feet). Boesch struck out looking. Young struck out swinging. Avila struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Chavez hit ground rule double to right. Suzuki lined out to center. Martin singled to left, Chavez to third. Granderson struck out swinging. Jeter grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Infante popped out to shortstop. Jackson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Cano singled to left center. Teixeira flied out to right. Ibanez popped out to shortstop. Cano stole second. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Dirks struck out looking. Cabrera homered to center (454 feet). Fielder hit by pitch. Boesch grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fielder out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Chavez doubled to left. Suzuki struck out swinging. Martin struck out swinging. Granderson safe at first on error by pitcher Verlander, Chavez to third. Jeter singled to right, Chavez scored, Granderson to second. Cano singled to left, Granderson scored, Jeter to third, Cano to second advancing on throw. Teixeira struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Young reached on infield single to shortstop. Young caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Avila singled to center. Peralta singled to left, Avila to third. Infante singled to left, Avila scored, Peralta to second. Jackson singled to center, Peralta scored, Infante to third, Jackson to second advancing on throw. Dirks hit sacrifice fly to right, Infante scored. Cabrera struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Ibanez grounded out to second. Swisher grounded out to second. Chavez singled to right. Suzuki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. Boesch singled to left. Young singled to left center, Boesch to second. Avila singled to right, Boesch scored, Young to third. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Peralta singled to left, Young scored, Avila to second. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at second, Avila to third. Jackson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Dirks in right field. Berry in left field. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Martin singled to shallow left. Granderson struck out looking. Jeter reached on infield single to first, Martin to second. Cano grounded out to first, Martin to third, Jeter to second. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Dirks grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera flied out to left. Fielder singled to center. Berry struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Ibanez walked. Swisher struck out looking. Chavez struck out swinging. Ibanez to second on fielder's indifference. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Phelps pitching for Yankees. Young walked. Avila struck out swinging. Peralta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Santiago at second base. Infante at third base. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Martin flied out to right. Granderson flied out to center. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 2 - Tigers 7.	Verlander K's 14 as Tigers rout Yanks   \n\n