Yankees - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Swisher walked. Cano grounded out to pitcher, Swisher to second. Teixeira hit by pitch. Chavez singled to center, Swisher scored, Teixeira to third. Granderson singled to right, Teixeira scored, Chavez to second. Martin struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Jackson struck out swinging. Infante grounded out to second. Cabrera walked. Fielder hit by pitch, Cabrera to second. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Suzuki grounded out to second. McGehee fouled out to catcher. Jeter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Baker struck out swinging. Boesch struck out looking. Laird singled to left. Santiago grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Swisher struck out looking. Cano hit by pitch. Teixeira flied out to right. Cano stole second. Chavez walked. Granderson homered to right (370 feet), Cano and Chavez scored. Martin singled to left. Suzuki grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Jackson lined out to right. Infante struck out swinging. Cabrera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. McGehee doubled to left. Jeter singled to center, McGehee to third. Swisher singled to right, McGehee scored, Jeter to second. Below pitching for Tigers. Cano flied out to center, Jeter to third. Teixeira hit sacrifice fly to center, Jeter scored. Chavez singled to left, Swisher to second. Granderson grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Fielder singled to center. Young grounded into double play, third to second to first, Fielder out at second. Baker doubled to deep right. Boesch singled to center, Baker scored. Laird grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Boesch out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Below pitching for Tigers. Martin grounded out to third. Suzuki grounded out to first. McGehee grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Santiago flied out to right. Jackson struck out looking. Infante grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Below pitching for Tigers. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Swisher walked. Swisher caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Cano singled to right. Teixeira singled to left, Cano to second. Chavez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Fielder reached on infield single to shortstop. Young hit ground rule double to right, Fielder to third. Baker singled to left, Fielder and Young scored. Boesch grounded into fielder's choice to first, Baker safe at second on error by second baseman Cano. Laird flied out to center, Baker to third. Santiago struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Below pitching for Tigers. Granderson doubled to deep center. Downs pitching for Tigers. Martin grounded out to shortstop, Granderson to third. Suzuki reached on infield single to first, Granderson scored. Suzuki caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. McGehee grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Jackson singled to right center. Infante struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jackson safe at third on error by third baseman McGehee. Fielder grounded out to first, Jackson scored, Cabrera to second. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Young reached on infield single to shortstop, Cabrera to third. Dirks hit for Baker. Dirks singled to left, Cabrera scored, Young to third. Boesch reached on infield single to third, Young scored, Dirks to second. Avila hit for Laird. Avila singled to left, Dirks scored, Boesch to second. Santiago grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 8th. Dirks in left field. Avila catching. Coke pitching for Tigers. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Swisher singled to center. Cano singled to center, Swisher to second. Teixeira singled to left, Swisher scored, Cano to third, Teixeira to second advancing on throw. Chavez grounded out to second, Cano scored, Teixeira to third. Granderson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Nix at third base. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Jackson struck out looking. Infante homered to left (376 feet). Cabrera flied out to center. Logan pitching for Yankees. Fielder grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Villarreal pitching for Tigers. Martin struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Nix singled to right. Jeter singled to right, Nix to third. Nix scored, Jeter to second on balk by Villarreal. Swisher walked. Cano singled to left, Jeter scored, Swisher to second. Teixeira flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Soriano pitching for Yankees. Young flied out to center. Dirks struck out swinging. Boesch struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 12 - Tigers 8.	Granderson, Yankees top Tigers