White Sox - Top 1st. Fister pitching for Tigers. Wise flied out to center. Youkilis safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera. Dunn walked, Youkilis to second. Konerko flied out to right. Rios grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Jackson struck out swinging. Dirks walked. Cabrera homered to left (437 feet), Dirks scored. Fielder singled to left center. Young walked, Fielder to second. Boesch singled to right, Fielder to third, Young to second. Avila grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Boesch out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Pierzynski homered to right (367 feet). Viciedo grounded out to second. Ramirez lined out to second. Beckham hit by pitch. Wise fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Peralta flied out to right. Infante grounded out to third. Jackson tripled to deep right center. Dirks doubled to deep center, Jackson scored. Cabrera flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Youkilis walked. Dunn singled to right center, Youkilis to third. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Youkilis scored, Dunn out at second. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to third, Konerko out at second. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Fielder grounded out to second. Young singled to center. Boesch grounded into fielder's choice to second, Young out at second. Avila flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Viciedo reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop, Viciedo to second. Beckham sacrificed to third, Viciedo to third, Ramirez to second, Beckham safe at first on error by third baseman Cabrera. Viciedo to third on error by third baseman Cabrera. Wise hit by pitch, Viciedo scored, Ramirez to third, Beckham to second. Youkilis lined out to third. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wise out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Peralta homered to left (440 feet). Infante grounded out to pitcher. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Dirks struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Rios grounded out to second. Pierzynski struck out looking. Viciedo walked. Ramirez walked, Viciedo to second. Beckham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Cabrera doubled to deep left. Fielder flied out to center, Cabrera to third. Young fouled out to catcher. Boesch intentionally walked. Avila grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Smyly pitching for Tigers. Wise walked. Wise stole second. Youkilis flied out to right. Wise to third on wild pitch by Smyly. Dunn walked. Dotel pitching for Tigers. Konerko hit sacrifice fly to left, Wise scored, Dunn to second. Rios struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Peralta struck out swinging. Infante flied out to center. Jackson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Dotel pitching for Tigers. Pierzynski doubled to deep center. Viciedo flied out to center, Pierzynski to third. Ramirez popped out to first. Beckham lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Dirks walked. Cabrera singled to left, Dirks to second. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Fielder hit by pitch, Dirks to third, Cabrera to second. Young doubled to deep center, Dirks, Cabrera and Fielder scored, Young out at third. Boesch struck out looking. Avila flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Garcia in right field. Benoit pitching for Tigers. Wise struck out swinging. Youkilis struck out swinging. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Humber pitching for White Sox. Peralta grounded out to third. Infante singled to deep right center. Infante stole second. Jackson struck out swinging. Dirks popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Konerko flied out to center. Rios flied out to center. Pierzynski walked. Pierzynski to second on fielder's indifference. Viciedo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 4 - Tigers 7.	Tigers within two games of AL Central lead   \n\n