Tigers - Top 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Jackson grounded out to first. Infante flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Fister pitching for Tigers. Wise grounded out to first. Youkilis walked. Dunn grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Youkilis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Fielder doubled to deep center. Young hit by pitch. Peralta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Young out at second, Fielder to third. Boesch struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Konerko popped out to second. Rios grounded out to second. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Garcia singled to center. Laird singled to right, Garcia to second. Jackson singled to shallow left, Garcia scored, Laird to second. Infante sacrificed to pitcher, Laird to third, Jackson to second. Cabrera intentionally walked. Fielder struck out swinging. Young singled to left center, Laird and Jackson scored, Cabrera to second. Cabrera to third, Young to second on wild pitch by Quintana. Peralta intentionally walked. Boesch struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Viciedo reached on infield single to third. Ramirez singled to center, Viciedo to second. Beckham popped out to second. Wise singled to right, Viciedo to third, Ramirez to second. Youkilis struck out swinging. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Garcia grounded out to shortstop. Laird lined out to left. Jackson safe at third on error by left fielder Viciedo. Infante popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Konerko grounded out to second. Rios singled to center. Pierzynski singled to left center, Rios to second. Viciedo walked, Rios to third, Pierzynski to second. Ramirez lined out to shortstop. Beckham hit by pitch, Rios scored, Pierzynski to third, Viciedo to second. Wise singled to right center, Pierzynski and Viciedo scored, Beckham to third. Youkilis lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Cabrera doubled to left. Fielder reached on infield single to first, Cabrera to third. Jones pitching for White Sox. Young singled to center, Cabrera scored, Fielder to second. Peralta grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Young out at second, Fielder to third. Boesch grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Dunn singled to center. Konerko doubled to left, Dunn to third. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Rios walked. Pierzynski lined out to right. Viciedo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dunn scored, Rios out at second, Konerko to third, Konerko scored, Viciedo to second on throwing error by second baseman Infante. Ramirez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 6th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Garcia grounded out to shortstop. Laird struck out swinging. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Beckham walked. Wise struck out swinging. Youkilis walked, Beckham to second. Coke pitching for Tigers. Dunn struck out swinging. Dotel pitching for Tigers. Konerko fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Infante lined out to pitcher. Cabrera flied out to right. Veal pitching for White Sox. Fielder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Dotel pitching for Tigers. Rios singled to shallow right. Pierzynski grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rios out at second. Viciedo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Wise in left field. Jor Danks in center field. Myers pitching for White Sox. Young grounded out to first. Peralta grounded out to first. Boesch struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Dotel pitching for Tigers. Ramirez struck out swinging. Beckham walked. Wise doubled to left, Beckham to third. Villarreal pitching for Tigers. Youkilis hit by pitch. Dunn flied out to left, Wise thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Berry hit for Garcia. Myers pitching for White Sox. Berry grounded out to third. Dirks hit for Laird. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Dirks struck out swinging. Reed pitching for White Sox. Jackson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 4 - White Sox 5.	White Sox edge Tigers to pad lead