Cubs - Top 1st . Villone pitching for Astros . Glanville popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Sosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Wood pitching for Cubs . Biggio struck out swinging . Berkman flied out to deep left . Bagwell safe at second on error by right fielder Sosa . Kent grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 2nd . Villone pitching for Astros . Alou singled to left . Ramirez walked , Alou to second . Karros walked , Alou to third , Ramirez to second . Martinez flied out to shallow right . Miller grounded into double play , third to second to first , Karros out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Wood pitching for Cubs . Blum singled to center . Hidalgo doubled to deep left , Blum to third . Ausmus hit sacrifice fly to right , Blum scored , Hidalgo to third . Everett struck out looking . Villone struck out swinging , Villone safe at first on wild pitch by Wood , Hidalgo scored . Biggio grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Villone pitching for Astros . Wood struck out looking . Glanville grounded out to third . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Wood pitching for Cubs . Berkman tripled to deep left center . Bagwell singled to left center , Berkman scored . Kent walked , Bagwell to second . Blum grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Kent out at second , Bagwell to third . Hidalgo walked . Ausmus struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Villone pitching for Astros . Sosa struck out swinging . Alou flied out to deep center . Ramirez flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Everett struck out swinging . Villone singled to center . Biggio homered to left , Villone scored . Berkman grounded out to first . Bagwell flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Villone pitching for Astros . Karros singled to left . Martinez singled to left , Karros to second . Goodwin hit for Wood . Miller walked , Karros to third , Martinez to second . Goodwin struck out swinging . Veres pitching for Cubs . Glanville hit sacrifice fly , right to first to third to shortstop , Karros scored , Martinez out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Veres pitching for Cubs . Kent reached on infield single to third . Blum singled to right , Kent to third . Hidalgo doubled to deep left , Kent scored , Blum to third . Blum scored , Hidalgo to third on wild pitch by Veres . Ausmus singled to center , Hidalgo scored . Everett singled to left center , Ausmus to second . Lane fouled out to first . Biggio singled to right , Ausmus to third , Everett to second . White pitching for Astros . Berkman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Biggio out at second . 3 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . White pitching for Astros . Gonzalez singled to center . Sosa flied out to right . Alfonseca pitching for Cubs . Alou grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Alfonseca pitching for Cubs . Bagwell singled to right . Kent walked , Bagwell to second . Blum grounded out to third , Bagwell to third , Kent to second . Hidalgo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bagwell out at home , Kent to third . Ausmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . White pitching for Astros . Ramirez grounded out to third . Karros flied out to deep right . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Guthrie pitching for Cubs . Vizcaino hit for White . Everett walked . Vizcaino flied out to left . Biggio grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Everett out at second . Berkman safe at first on error by second baseman Martinez , Biggio to second . Bagwell reached on infield single to third , Biggio to third , Berkman to second . Miceli pitching for Astros . Kent grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bagwell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 8th . Miceli pitching for Astros . Miller struck out swinging . O'Leary hit for Guthrie . O'Leary grounded out to first . Remlinger pitching for Cubs . Glanville fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Remlinger pitching for Cubs . Blum singled to left . Hidalgo struck out looking . Ausmus doubled to deep right , Blum to third . Everett grounded out to shortstop , Blum scored . Miceli struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Miceli pitching for Astros . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Sosa singled to right , Gonzalez to second . Alou doubled to deep left center , Gonzalez and Sosa scored . Ramirez flied out to center . Karros grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alou out at third . Simon hit for Miller . Martinez singled to center , Karros to second . Simon grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 3 - Astros 9 .	Astros have no problem with Cubs ' Wood again