Brewers - Top 1st . Robertson pitching for Astros . Podsednik safe at first on error by pitcher Robertson . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Podsednik out at second . Clark singled to left , Hall to second . Sexson walked , Hall to third , Clark to second . Smith walked , Hall scored , Clark to third , Sexson to second . Stone pitching for Astros . Helms singled to left , Clark scored , Sexson to third , Smith to second . Osik walked , Sexson scored , Smith to third , Helms to second . Clayton struck out swinging . Franklin struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 1st . Franklin pitching for Brewers . Biggio lined out to left . Ensberg singled to center . Bagwell doubled to left , Ensberg scored . Kent walked . Hidalgo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kent out at second , Bagwell to third . Berkman lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Stone pitching for Astros . Podsednik grounded out to pitcher . Hall flied out to left . Clark walked . Sexson doubled to right center , Clark scored . Smith doubled to left , Sexson scored . Saarloos pitching for Astros . Helms intentionally walked . Osik walked , Smith to third , Helms to second . Clayton reached on infield single to pitcher , Smith scored , Helms to third , Osik to second , Helms scored , Osik to third on throwing error by pitcher Saarloos . Franklin safe at first on error by shortstop Everett , Osik scored , Clayton to second . Podsednik safe at first on error by second baseman Kent , Clayton scored , Franklin to third . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Podsednik out at second . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 3 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Franklin pitching for Brewers . Chavez tripled to deep left . Meluskey hit for Saarloos . Everett walked . Meluskey hit for Saarloos . Meluskey hit for Saarloos . Meluskey doubled to left , Chavez scored , Everett to third . Biggio singled to right center , Everett scored , Meluskey to third . Ensberg grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Meluskey scored , Biggio out at second . Fernandez pitching for Astros . Bagwell popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Fernandez pitching for Astros . Clark flied out to center . Sexson flied out to center . Smith singled to left . Helms grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Smith out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Franklin pitching for Brewers . Kent tripled to deep center . Hidalgo hit sacrifice fly to right , Kent scored . Berkman grounded out to pitcher . Burba pitching for Brewers . Chavez singled to deep left center . Merced hit for Fernandez . Everett singled to left center , Chavez to third . White pitching for Astros . Merced flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . White pitching for Astros . Osik singled to center . Clayton singled to right , Osik to second . Osik caught stealing third , catcher to shortstop to third . Burba struck out bunting foul . Clayton stole second . Podsednik grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Burba pitching for Brewers . Biggio safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Clayton . Ensberg grounded into double play , second to first , Biggio out at second . Bagwell singled to left center . Kent struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 5th . White pitching for Astros . Hall struck out looking . Clark flied out to center . Sexson homered to center . Smith walked . Helms struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Burba pitching for Brewers . Hidalgo struck out looking . Berkman struck out looking . Chavez singled to right . Blum hit for White . Everett singled to right , Chavez to third . Bullinger pitching for Astros . Blum popped out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Bullinger pitching for Astros . Osik grounded out to first . Zoccolillo hit for Burba . Clayton fouled out to third . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Zoccolillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Biggio struck out swinging . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Ensberg singled to left . Bagwell walked , Ensberg to second . Kent popped out to second . Hidalgo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bagwell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Bullinger pitching for Astros . Podsednik walked . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Podsednik out at second . Clark popped out to shortstop . Sexson homered to left , Hall scored . Rusch pitching for Brewers . Conti in right field . Smith grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Rusch pitching for Brewers . Berkman flied out to center . Chavez struck out looking . Gallo pitching for Astros . Everett popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Gallo pitching for Astros . Helms grounded out to shortstop . Osik popped out to first . Clayton singled to left . Lane hit for Gallo . Conti struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Rusch pitching for Brewers . Lane flied out to center . Biggio singled to right . Biggio caught stealing second , catcher to second . Miceli pitching for Astros . Ensberg struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Miceli pitching for Astros . Podsednik grounded out to shortstop . Hall fouled out to first . Clark grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Rusch pitching for Brewers . Bagwell singled to center . Kent lined out to first . Hidalgo struck out looking . Berkman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 12 - Astros 5 .	Brewers drop Astros out of first place