White Sox - Top 1st. Erstad flied out to left. Bannister pitching for Royals. Erstad batting. Erstad to second on wild pitch by Bannister. Iguchi grounded out to second, Erstad to third. Konerko hit sacrifice fly to center, Erstad scored. Pierzynski doubled to right. Dye flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. DeJesus walked. Grudzielanek singled to right, DeJesus to third. Teahen singled to right, DeJesus scored, Grudzielanek to third. Sanders struck out swinging. Gload tripled to deep center, Grudzielanek and Teahen scored. Gordon singled to center, Gload scored. Buck grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gordon out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Crede grounded out to third. Mackowiak grounded out to shortstop. Uribe walked. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Shealy flied out to left. Pena struck out swinging, Pena safe at first on wild pitch by Vazquez. DeJesus fouled out to third. Pena stole second, Pena safe at third on throwing error by catcher Pierzynski. Grudzielanek flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 3rd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Erstad struck out swinging. Iguchi grounded out to third. Konerko struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Teahen struck out swinging. Sanders doubled to right. Gload flied out to center. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Pierzynski doubled to left. Dye walked. Crede flied out to center. Mackowiak grounded out to first, Pierzynski to third, Dye to second. Uribe doubled to deep left, Pierzynski and Dye scored. Anderson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Buck doubled to deep left. Shealy grounded out to third. Pena grounded out to third, Buck to third. DeJesus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Erstad doubled to deep right. Iguchi grounded out to second, Erstad to third. Peralta pitching for Royals. Konerko singled to left, Erstad scored. Pierzynski popped out to shortstop. Dye popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher. Teahen struck out swinging. Sanders struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Crede flied out to left. Mackowiak reached on infield single to shortstop. Uribe struck out swinging. Anderson singled to center, Mackowiak to second. Erstad doubled to right, Mackowiak and Anderson scored. Iguchi struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Gload grounded out to shortstop. Gordon hit by pitch. Buck fouled out to first. Brown in left field. Duckworth pitching for Royals. Shealy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Duckworth pitching for Royals. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski flied out to left. Ozuna in left field. Mackowiak in right field. Dye struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Pena doubled to deep left center. DeJesus flied out to left. Grudzielanek doubled to deep right, Pena scored. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Teahen singled to left center, Grudzielanek scored, Teahen to second on error by left fielder Ozuna. Teahen to third on wild pitch by MacDougal. Sanders popped out to second. Brown tripled to deep right center, Teahen scored. Gordon walked. Buck struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 8th. Duckworth pitching for Royals. Crede homered to left center. Mackowiak walked. Uribe struck out swinging. German hit for Shealy. Anderson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mackowiak out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. German struck out swinging. Logan pitching for White Sox. Pena walked. DeJesus struck out looking. Grudzielanek walked, Pena to second. Pena to third, Grudzielanek to second on wild pitch by Logan. Gordon at first base. German at third base. Soria pitching for Royals. Teahen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Erstad grounded out to pitcher. Iguchi popped out to second. Konerko walked. Pierzynski singled to right, Konerko to second. Ozuna reached on infield single to pitcher, Konerko to third, Pierzynski to second, Konerko scored, Pierzynski to third on throwing error by pitcher Soria. Pierzynski scored, Ozuna to second on wild pitch by Soria. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Crede grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Sanders flied out to right. Brown grounded out to third. Gordon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 9 - Royals 7.	Two Soria errors allow White Sox to outlast Royals