Royals - Top 1st. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. German grounded out to first. DeJesus walked. Grudzielanek grounded out to second, DeJesus to second. Teahen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Bannister pitching for Royals. Stewart singled to center. Swisher grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Stewart out at second. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Sweeney flied out to right. Brown struck out looking. Buck grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Johnson grounded out to second. Cust walked. Crosby grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cust out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Gordon flied out to center. Pena singled to left. German lined out to shortstop. Pena stole second. DeJesus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Ellis grounded out to third. Scutaro doubled to deep left. Kendall hit by pitch. Stewart grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Grudzielanek flied out to right. Teahen grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Swisher singled to right. Chavez struck out swinging. Johnson walked, Swisher to second. Cust grounded out to first, Swisher to third, Johnson to second. Crosby singled to center, Swisher and Johnson scored. Ellis flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Brown fouled out to first. Buck flied out to center. Gordon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Scutaro grounded out to second. Kendall struck out swinging. Stewart safe at first on error by first baseman Gordon. Stewart stole second, Stewart safe at third on error by shortstop Pena. Swisher walked. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Pena singled to center. German grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pena out at second. DeJesus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Johnson singled to right. Cust grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Johnson out at second. Crosby grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Grudzielanek grounded out to third. Teahen reached on bunt single to third. Sweeney fouled out to first. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Ellis batting. Scutaro singled to right. Scutaro stole second. Kendall grounded out to shortstop, Scutaro to third. Stewart popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Buck homered to center. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Pena singled to center. German singled to center, Pena to second. Calero pitching for Athletics. DeJesus flied out to right, Pena to third. Gobble pitching for Royals. Grudzielanek flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Swisher walked. Chavez doubled to deep center, Swisher scored. Johnson struck out swinging. Chavez to third on passed ball by Buck. Cust walked. Riske pitching for Royals. Crosby fouled out to first. Ellis singled to center, Chavez scored, Cust to second. Embree pitching for Athletics. Scutaro flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Embree pitching for Athletics. Teahen hit ground rule double to deep center. Sweeney flied out to right, Teahen to third. Brown singled to right, Teahen scored. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Costa ran for Buck. Buck walked, Brown to second. Gordon flied out to center, Brown to third. Pena tripled to deep center, Brown and Costa scored. Marshall pitching for Athletics. German walked. Phillips catching. DeJesus lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Riske pitching for Royals. Kendall struck out swinging. Stewart walked. Greinke pitching for Royals. Swisher singled to center, Stewart to second. Chavez struck out swinging. Johnson walked, Stewart to third, Swisher to second. Cust struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 10th. Marshall pitching for Athletics. Grudzielanek safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Crosby. Teahen sacrificed to pitcher, Grudzielanek to second. Sweeney intentionally walked. Berroa ran for Sweeney. Brown reached on infield single to shortstop, Grudzielanek to third, Berroa to second. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to third, Grudzielanek out at home, Berroa to third, Brown to second. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 10th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Crosby grounded out to second. Ellis struck out swinging. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Scutaro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 11th. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Pena grounded out to shortstop. German struck out swinging. Soria pitching for Royals. DeJesus grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 11th. Soria pitching for Royals. Kendall flied out to center. Stewart reached on infield single to shortstop. Swisher singled to center, Stewart to third. Chavez intentionally walked, Swisher to second. Johnson hit sacrifice fly to center, Stewart scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - Athletics 5.	Johnson's sac fly lands win for A's vs. Royals in 11