Cardinals - Top 1st. Elarton pitching for Royals. Kennedy walked. Taguchi singled to left center, Kennedy to third. Pujols grounded into double play, second to first, Kennedy scored, Taguchi out at second. Edmonds flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Wells pitching for Cardinals. DeJesus walked. DeJesus to second on wild pitch by Wells. German walked. Teahen grounded out to first, DeJesus to third, German to second. Brown singled to right, DeJesus scored, German to third. Gordon grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Brown out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Elarton pitching for Royals. Rolen singled to left. Encarnacion walked, Rolen to second. Duncan homered to right, Rolen and Encarnacion scored. Stinnett grounded out to third. Miles grounded out to second. Kennedy flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Shealy walked. LaRue struck out swinging. Pena singled to right, Shealy to second. Gathright walked, Shealy to third, Pena to second. DeJesus hit by pitch, Shealy scored, Pena to third, Gathright to second. Flores pitching for Cardinals. German singled to left, Pena and Gathright scored, DeJesus to second. Teahen singled to center, DeJesus scored, German to third, Teahen to second advancing on throw. Brown doubled to left, German and Teahen scored. Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop, Brown to third. Shealy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Brown scored, Gordon out at second. LaRue singled to left, Shealy to second. Pena singled to right, Shealy scored, LaRue to third. Gathright grounded out to pitcher. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Elarton pitching for Royals. Taguchi singled to left. Pujols singled to right, Taguchi to second. Greinke pitching for Royals. Edmonds walked, Taguchi to third, Pujols to second. Rolen hit sacrifice fly to right, Taguchi scored, Pujols to third. Encarnacion popped out to second. Duncan singled to left, Pujols scored, Edmonds to third, Duncan to second advancing on throw. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. Stinnett struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. DeJesus grounded out to first. German grounded out to third. Teahen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Miles walked. Kennedy flied out to right. Taguchi struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. Brown singled to center. Gordon homered to right center, Brown scored. Shealy struck out swinging. LaRue grounded out to shortstop. Pena singled to center. Gathright walked, Pena to second. DeJesus doubled to deep center, Pena and Gathright scored. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. German walked. Teahen tripled to left, DeJesus and German scored. Brown grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Edmonds singled to right center. Rolen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Edmonds out at second. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Gordon flied out to right. Shealy flied out to right. LaRue flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Duncan grounded out to first. Stinnett flied out to right. Miles doubled to deep right. Kennedy singled to right, Miles scored. Kennedy stole second. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Pena doubled to deep center. Gathright walked. DeJesus flied out to left. German struck out swinging. Teahen tripled to deep right, Pena and Gathright scored. Gobble pitching for Royals. Brown struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Pujols homered to left. Edmonds grounded out to second. Rolen flied out to right. Encarnacion singled to center. Encarnacion to second on fielder's indifference. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Duncan flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Gordon struck out swinging. Shealy lined out to shortstop. Soria pitching for Royals. LaRue flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Soria pitching for Royals. Stinnett flied out to right. Miles grounded out to second. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Kennedy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Pena lined out to first. Gathright grounded out to shortstop. Musser pitching for Royals. Cortez at second base. DeJesus grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Musser pitching for Royals. Taguchi flied out to left. Pujols grounded out to third. Edmonds grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 8 - Royals 17.	Royals roll over Cardinals  in eight-run second