Royals - Top 1st. Suppan pitching for Brewers. DeJesus walked. German flied out to right. Teahen singled to deep right, DeJesus to third. Brown grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Teahen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Hart struck out swinging. Counsell struck out swinging. Braun homered to right center. Fielder singled to deep right. Hall grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fielder out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Gordon singled to left. Shealy grounded into fielder's choice double play, shortstop to second to shortstop to second, Gordon out at Gordon out at second, Shealy to first, Shealy to first. Buck struck out swinging. Pena grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Estrada flied out to center. Mench popped out to third. Weeks walked. Suppan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Suppan pitching for Brewers. De La Rosa grounded out to first. DeJesus lined out to center. German lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Hart singled to left. Counsell grounded out to third, Hart to second. Braun reached on infield single to shortstop, Hart to third. Fielder grounded out to first, Hart scored, Braun to second. Hall walked. Estrada struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Teahen singled to center. Brown struck out swinging. Gordon doubled to left, Teahen scored. Shealy reached on infield single to third, Gordon to third. Buck struck out looking. Pena reached on infield single to shortstop, Gordon scored, Shealy to second. De La Rosa grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Mench doubled to deep left center. Weeks doubled to left, Mench scored. Suppan singled to right, Weeks to third. Hart singled to left, Weeks scored, Suppan to second. Counsell struck out swinging. Braun doubled to deep left, Suppan and Hart scored. Braun stole third. Fielder grounded out to first. Hall grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. DeJesus struck out looking. German singled to center. Teahen singled to right center, German to third. Brown hit sacrifice fly to left, German scored. Gordon walked, Teahen to second. Shealy doubled to deep left, Teahen and Gordon scored. Buck struck out swinging, Shealy to third on wild pitch by Suppan. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to third, Buck out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Estrada flied out to right. Mench struck out swinging. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Graffanino at second base. Weeks flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. De La Rosa struck out swinging. DeJesus grounded out to third. German grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Graffanino homered to left. Hart safe at first on error by shortstop Pena. Musser pitching for Royals. Counsell lined out to center. Braun walked. Fielder struck out swinging. Hall struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 7th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Teahen struck out swinging. Brown struck out swinging. Gordon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Musser pitching for Royals. Estrada lined out to right. Gross hit for Villanueva. Mench grounded out to shortstop. Gross singled to center. Gross stole second. Graffanino walked. Hart homered to right center, Gross and Graffanino scored. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Counsell popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Shealy struck out swinging. Buck walked. Costa hit for Musser. Pena flied out to right. Buck to second on wild pitch by Turnbow. Gobble pitching for Royals. Costa grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Braun singled to deep right center. Fielder hit by pitch, Braun to second. Hall singled to right, Braun scored, Fielder to second. Fielder to third, Hall to second on wild pitch by Gobble. Estrada flied out to left, Fielder thrown out at home. Wise pitching for Brewers. Mench grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Wise pitching for Brewers. DeJesus safe at first on error by second baseman Graffanino. German lined out to shortstop. DeJesus to second on fielder's indifference. Teahen doubled to center, DeJesus scored. Brown flied out to right, Teahen to third. Gordon struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 6 - Brewers 11.	Milwaukee's big bats keep Brewers on a hot streak