Royals - Top 1st. Hughes pitching for Yankees. DeJesus grounded out to second. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Teahen grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Damon grounded out to second. Jeter singled to center. Abreu walked, Jeter to second. Rodriguez homered to left, Jeter and Abreu scored. Matsui doubled to right. Posada grounded out to second, Matsui to third. Cano tripled to deep right center, Matsui scored. Betemit struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Butler walked. Gload struck out looking. Gordon struck out swinging. Pena struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Cabrera lined out to left. Damon grounded out to second. Jeter singled to center. Abreu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Gathright doubled to deep left. Gathright to third on wild pitch by Hughes. LaRue popped out to second. DeJesus singled to center, Gathright scored. Grudzielanek grounded out to first, DeJesus to second. Teahen doubled to left, DeJesus scored. Butler grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Davies pitching for Royals. Rodriguez walked. Rodriguez stole second. Matsui walked. Posada struck out looking. Cano grounded out to pitcher, Rodriguez to third, Matsui to second. Betemit singled to right, Rodriguez scored, Matsui to third. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Gload singled to center. Gordon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gload out at second. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Bale pitching for Royals. Damon struck out swinging. Jeter grounded out to second. Abreu reached on infield single to third. Rodriguez singled to right center, Abreu to second. Matsui singled to right center, Abreu scored, Rodriguez to third. Posada fouled out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Gathright walked. LaRue flied out to center. DeJesus homered to right, Gathright scored. Grudzielanek flied out to right. Teahen singled to center. Butler doubled to deep center, Teahen scored. Myers pitching for Yankees. Gload doubled to deep right center, Butler scored. Gordon struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Bale pitching for Royals. Cano singled to left center. Betemit singled to center, Cano to third. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cano scored, Betemit out at second. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. Peralta pitching for Royals. Jeter flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Bruney pitching for Yankees. Pena struck out swinging. Gathright struck out swinging. LaRue safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez. DeJesus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Abreu homered to center. Rodriguez flied out to center. Matsui flied out to right. Posada walked. Cano doubled to deep right, Posada to third. Riske pitching for Royals. Betemit singled to center, Posada and Cano scored. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Betemit scored. Damon struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Phillips at first base. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Grudzielanek singled to left. Grudzielanek to second on wild pitch by Farnsworth. Teahen walked. Butler flied out to center, Grudzielanek to third. Teahen to second on fielder's indifference. Gload hit sacrifice fly to left, Grudzielanek scored. Gordon struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Jeter doubled to deep center. Abreu singled to left, Jeter scored. Rodriguez singled to left, Abreu to second. Matsui singled to right, Abreu scored, Rodriguez to third, Matsui to second advancing on throw. Posada walked. Gobble pitching for Royals. Cano singled to right, Rodriguez and Matsui scored, Posada to second. Phillips hit ground rule double to deep left center, Posada scored, Cano to third. Cabrera flied out to right, Cano thrown out at home. Damon struck out looking. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Cairo at shortstop. Duncan at first base. Molina catching. Phillips at third base. Vizcaino pitching for Yankees. Pena struck out swinging. Gathright singled to center. LaRue struck out looking. German hit for DeJesus. German struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. German in left field. Smith at second base. Gathright in center field. Soria pitching for Royals. Cairo flied out to center. Abreu lined out to right. Duncan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Smith fouled out to catcher. Teahen singled to right center. Butler singled to left, Teahen to second. Gload singled to left, Teahen scored, Butler to second. Gordon lined out to right. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gload out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 8 - Yankees 16.	A-Rod likes first pitch he sees, hits homer No. 500\r\n