Royals - Top 1st. Rogers pitching for Tigers. German doubled to deep right center. Grudzielanek singled to right, German to third. Butler popped out to second. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to third, German scored, Grudzielanek safe at second on error by third baseman Inge. Teahen grounded out to first, Grudzielanek to third, Sweeney to second. Brown singled to right, Grudzielanek and Sweeney scored. Gordon popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Granderson homered to right. Polanco flied out to right. Sheffield fouled out to catcher. Ordonez reached on infield single to third, Ordonez to second on throwing error by third baseman Gordon. Ordonez to third on wild pitch by Davies. Guillen flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 2nd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. LaRue struck out swinging. Pena struck out swinging. German walked. Grudzielanek doubled to deep left center, German scored. Butler walked. Sweeney singled to left, Grudzielanek scored, Butler to second. Teahen grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Perez grounded out to first. Casey grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Brown flied out to center. Gordon grounded out to second. LaRue struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Davies pitching for Royals. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Granderson singled to right center. Polanco grounded out to third, Granderson to second. Sheffield walked. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sheffield out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Pena grounded out to catcher. German flied out to right. Grudzielanek struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Davies pitching for Royals. Guillen doubled to deep right. Rodriguez singled to right, Guillen to third. Perez doubled to deep right, Guillen and Rodriguez scored, Perez out stretching at third. Casey singled to center. Inge lined out to right. Granderson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Butler singled to center. Sweeney struck out swinging. Teahen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Butler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Davies pitching for Royals. Polanco flied out to center. Sheffield struck out swinging. Ordonez doubled to deep right. Guillen fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Brown singled to left. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Brown out at second. LaRue struck out swinging. Pena singled to center, Gordon to second. German grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Davies pitching for Royals. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Perez singled to center. Bale pitching for Royals. Casey singled to right, Perez to second. Perez to third, Casey to second on wild pitch by Bale. Inge struck out swinging. Granderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Grudzielanek reached on infield single to shortstop. Butler singled to left, Grudzielanek to second. Gload ran for Butler. Sweeney singled to left, Grudzielanek to third, Gload to second. Seay pitching for Tigers. Teahen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Grudzielanek scored, Sweeney out at second, Gload to third. Brown intentionally walked. Gordon flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. DeJesus in center field. Gload at first base. Teahen in right field. Brown in left field. Peralta pitching for Royals. Polanco flied out to right. Sheffield struck out swinging. Ordonez singled to center. Guillen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Miner pitching for Tigers. LaRue grounded out to shortstop. Pena struck out looking. DeJesus tripled to deep center. Grudzielanek doubled to left, DeJesus scored. Gload intentionally walked. Sweeney flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Rodriguez singled to center. Gobble pitching for Royals. Raburn hit for Perez. Raburn grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. Casey doubled to deep center. Casey to third on wild pitch by Gobble. Inge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Raburn in left field. Rapada pitching for Tigers. Teahen struck out swinging. Brown struck out looking. Gordon grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Granderson hit ground rule double to left. Polanco struck out looking. Sheffield grounded out to first, Granderson to third. Ordonez singled to left, Granderson scored, Ordonez to second on error by left fielder Brown. Guillen grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Royals 7 - Tigers 4.	Grudzielanek bests Rogers as Tigers lose ground