Pirates - Top 1st. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Frazier flied out to left. Cabrera homered to left (388 feet). Polanco fouled out to first. Bell doubled to deep right. Kang struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Pirates. Pederson walked. Seager flied out to center. Muncy singled to right, Pederson to third. Bellinger hit sacrifice fly to right, Pederson scored, Muncy to second. Pollock lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Díaz safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Muncy. Tucker reached on bunt single to catcher, Díaz to third. Reyes singled to right, Díaz scored, Tucker to second. Williams sacrificed to third, Reyes to second, Tucker to third. Frazier grounded out to first, Tucker scored, Reyes to third. Cabrera homered to left (397 feet), Reyes scored. Polanco struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Verdugo grounded out to shortstop. Hernández struck out swinging. Martin lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Bell struck out looking. Kang flied out to center. Díaz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Hill singled to center. Pederson grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Hill out at second. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Tucker struck out swinging. Reyes struck out swinging. Williams grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Muncy struck out swinging. Bellinger homered to right center (402 feet). Pollock struck out swinging. Verdugo flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Frazier grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera popped out to first. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Hernández singled to left. Martin singled to right, Hernández to second. Hill sacrificed to third, Martin to second, Hernández to third. Pederson struck out swinging. Seager doubled to deep center, Hernández scored and Martin scored. Muncy singled to right center, Seager scored. Bellinger struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Bell struck out swinging. Kang flied out to left. Díaz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Pollock grounded out to second. Verdugo flied out to right. Hernández tripled to deep right. Martin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Urías pitching for Dodgers. Taylor at second base. Tucker grounded out to shortstop. Reyes struck out swinging. Reynolds hit for Williams. Reynolds reached on infield single to third. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Taylor walked. Pederson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pederson safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Bell, Taylor safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Bell. Seager popped out to shortstop. Muncy singled to center, Taylor scored, Pederson to third. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Bellinger singled to shallow right center, Pederson scored, Muncy to third. Pollock fouled out to first. Verdugo grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 8th. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Cabrera singled to right, Cabrera safe at third on error by right fielder Verdugo. Polanco walked. Bell singled to shallow left, Cabrera scored, Polanco to second. Kang flied out to right. Díaz flied out to right. Tucker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Freese hit for Urías. Kela pitching for Pirates. Freese struck out looking. Martin popped out to catcher. Taylor grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Shuck hit for Reyes. Shuck struck out swinging. Moran hit for Kela. Moran grounded out to shortstop. Frazier walked. Cabrera doubled to left, Frazier to third. Musgrove ran for Cabrera. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Dodgers 7.	Muncy, Bellinger lead Dodgers to 7-6 win, sweep of Pirates