Mets - Top 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Rosario doubled to right. Davis struck out swinging. Conforto walked. Alonso singled to left, Rosario scored, Conforto to second. Frazier singled to right, Alonso to second, Conforto thrown out at home. Hechavarria struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. deGrom pitching for Mets. Pederson singled to shallow right. Muncy singled to right center, Pederson to second. Turner singled to right, Muncy to second, Pederson to third. Bellinger fouled out to catcher. Seager grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pederson scored, Turner out at second, Muncy to third. Verdugo grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Lagares grounded out to shortstop. Nido struck out swinging. deGrom singled to left. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. deGrom pitching for Mets. Taylor struck out swinging. Martin lined out to right. Kershaw singled to center. Pederson singled to center, Kershaw to second. Muncy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Davis flied out to right. Conforto flied out to right. Alonso lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. deGrom pitching for Mets. Turner grounded out to second. Bellinger homered to right (442 feet). Seager grounded out to second. Verdugo grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Frazier popped out to shortstop. Hechavarria singled to left. Lagares grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hechavarria out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. deGrom pitching for Mets. Taylor grounded out to third. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Kershaw grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Nido singled to shallow left. deGrom struck out bunting foul. Rosario doubled to left center, Nido thrown out at home. Davis homered to left (381 feet), Rosario scored. Conforto doubled to deep right. Alonso grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. deGrom pitching for Mets. Pederson reached on infield single to second. Muncy walked, Pederson to second. Turner flied out to right, Pederson to third. Bellinger popped out to second. Seager lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Frazier fouled out to catcher. Hechavarria singled to left. Lagares grounded out to shortstop, Hechavarria to second. Nido grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Bashlor pitching for Mets. Verdugo grounded out to first. Taylor homered to left center (422 feet). Martin singled to center. Freese hit for Kershaw. Freese singled to center, Martin to second. Hernández hit for Pederson. Zamora pitching for Mets. Gómez in center field. Hernández homered to right center (395 feet), Martin scored and Freese scored. Muncy singled to left center. Turner doubled to deep right, Muncy to third. Bellinger intentionally walked. Seager hit by pitch, Muncy scored, Bellinger to second, Turner to third. Verdugo hit sacrifice fly to left, Turner scored. Font pitching for Mets. Taylor singled to center, Seager to second, Bellinger to third. Martin grounded out to third. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Hernández at second base. Taylor in left field. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Gómez safe at first on throwing error by catcher Martin. Rosario struck out swinging. Davis flied out to center. Conforto walked, Gómez to second. Alonso flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Beaty hit for Báez. Font pitching for Mets. Beaty grounded out to first. Hernández flied out to right. Muncy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Kelly pitching for Dodgers. Frazier singled to left. Hechavarria homered to center (394 feet), Frazier scored. Smith hit for Font. Smith singled to center. Floro pitching for Dodgers. Nido grounded into fielder's choice to third, Smith out at second. Gómez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Nido to second. Rosario singled to right, Gómez to second, Nido to third. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Davis flied into double play, right to third, Nido scored, Gómez out at third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Gagnon pitching for Mets. Smith in left field. Turner flied out to left. Bellinger lined out to first. Seager singled to center. Verdugo singled to right, Seager to second. Taylor singled to shallow center, Seager scored, Verdugo to second. Martin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Conforto struck out swinging. Alonso tripled to deep left center. Frazier struck out swinging. Hechavarria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 5 - Dodgers 9.	Bellinger homers, nails 2 runners as Dodgers top Mets 9-5