Dodgers - Top 1st. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Pederson singled to shallow right. Muncy walked, Pederson to second. Seager popped out to shortstop. Bellinger tripled to deep center, Pederson scored and Muncy scored. Freese lined out to third. Verdugo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Marte grounded out to first. Escobar grounded out to third. Jones safe at second on error by first baseman Freese. Peralta safe at first on error by shortstop Seager, Jones safe at third on error by shortstop Seager. Walker grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández flied out to center. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Ryu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Vargas flied out to right. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Kelly grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Pederson walked. Muncy struck out swinging. Seager grounded into fielder's choice to second, Seager safe at first on error by second baseman Vargas, Pederson safe at second on error by second baseman Vargas. Bellinger flied out to center, Pederson to third. Freese grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 3 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Clarke reached on infield single to catcher, Clarke thrown out at second. Marte doubled to deep left. Escobar struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Locastro in right field. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Verdugo grounded out to second. Hernández popped out to shortstop. Martin hit ground rule double to deep right. Ryu singled to center, Martin thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Peralta grounded out to first. Walker grounded out to third. Vargas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Pederson flied out to center. Muncy struck out swinging. Seager flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Ahmed grounded out to third. Kelly flied out to left. Cron hit for Clarke. Cron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Bellinger grounded out to second. Freese struck out swinging. Verdugo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Marte flied out to right. Escobar grounded out to second. Locastro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández homered to right (387 feet). Martin singled to center. Ryu sacrificed to catcher, Martin to second. Taylor hit for Pederson. Taylor intentionally walked. Muncy struck out swinging. Seager doubled to deep right, Martin scored, Taylor to third. Bellinger struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Taylor in left field. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Walker singled to left center. Vargas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Walker safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Seager. Ahmed grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vargas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 8th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Freese doubled to deep center. Verdugo grounded out to first, Freese to third. Marte at second base. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Dyson in center field. Hernández singled to right, Freese scored. Martin flied out to left. Turner hit for Ryu. Turner grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. García pitching for Dodgers. Kelly grounded out to second. Dyson struck out swinging. Marte flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Taylor doubled to left. Muncy struck out swinging. Seager hit ground rule double to deep left center, Taylor scored. Bellinger intentionally walked. Freese doubled to right, Bellinger scored and Seager scored. Verdugo struck out swinging. Hernández grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Alexander pitching for Dodgers. Escobar grounded out to third. Locastro lined out to third. Peralta walked. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 9 - Diamondbacks 0.	Ryu dominates again, Dodgers beat Diamondbacks 9-0