Dodgers - Top 1st. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Pederson lined out to left. Verdugo singled to right center. Turner singled to right, Verdugo to second. Bellinger grounded into fielder's choice to first, Verdugo scored, Turner safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Murphy. Turner scored on error by first baseman Murphy, Muncy safe at first on error by first baseman Murphy, Bellinger to second. Beaty grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Muncy out at second, Bellinger to third. Taylor singled to right, Bellinger scored, Beaty to third. Martin walked, Taylor to second. Ryu struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon singled to center. Desmond flied out to center. Dahl struck out swinging. Arenado homered to left (423 feet), Blackmon scored. Murphy flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Pederson lined out to second. Verdugo grounded out to second. Turner walked. Bellinger popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Iannetta flied out to center. McMahon walked. Hampson struck out looking. Senzatela struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Muncy lined out to pitcher. Beaty grounded out to second. Taylor doubled to deep right. Martin intentionally walked. Ryu grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon struck out looking. Desmond lined out to left. Dahl grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Pederson doubled to left. Verdugo homered to center (439 feet), Pederson scored. Turner singled to right. Bellinger grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Turner out at second. Muncy walked. Beaty grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Arenado doubled to deep center. Murphy singled to right center, Arenado to third. Iannetta lined out to second. McMahon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Taylor grounded out to third. Martin grounded out to third. Ryu walked. Pederson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Hampson doubled to left. Valaika hit for Senzatela. Valaika homered to left (414 feet), Hampson scored. Blackmon singled to left. Desmond doubled to left, Blackmon scored. Dahl homered to left (390 feet), Desmond scored. Kelly pitching for Dodgers. Arenado doubled to deep right center. Murphy reached on infield single to second, Arenado scored on throwing error by shortstop Taylor. Murphy out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Iannetta safe at first on error by pitcher Kelly. McMahon safe at first on error by third baseman Turner, Iannetta to second. Hampson lined out to left. Valaika reached on infield single to shortstop, Iannetta scored on throwing error by shortstop Taylor, McMahon to third, Valaika safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Taylor. Blackmon reached on infield single to second, McMahon scored, Valaika to third. Desmond grounded out to third. 8 Runs, 9 Hits, 4 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Verdugo walked. Turner walked, Verdugo to second. Bellinger flied out to right, Turner to second, Verdugo to third. Muncy homered to right (464 feet), Verdugo scored and Turner scored. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Beaty lined out to left. Taylor struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Rosscup pitching for Dodgers. Dahl flied out to left. Arenado reached on infield single to third. Murphy struck out swinging. Iannetta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Martin lined out to shortstop. Garlick hit for Rosscup. Garlick grounded out to third. Pederson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Floro pitching for Dodgers. McMahon struck out swinging. Hampson grounded out to first. Tapia hit for Shaw. Tapia grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Verdugo popped out to third. Turner doubled to deep right. Bellinger flied out to right, Turner to third. Turner scored on error by first baseman Murphy, Muncy safe at first on error by first baseman Murphy. Hernández hit for Beaty. Hernández struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Pederson in left field. Muncy at first base. Hernández at second base. Floro pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon walked. Desmond singled to right, Blackmon to second. Dahl singled to left, Desmond to second, Blackmon to third. Chargois pitching for Dodgers. Arenado struck out looking. Murphy hit sacrifice fly to left, Blackmon scored. Iannetta doubled to deep right, Dahl scored and Desmond scored. McMahon intentionally walked. Hampson lined out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Taylor bunt grounded out to pitcher. Martin grounded out to first. Ríos hit for Chargois. Ríos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 9 - Rockies 13.	Rockies end 12-game slide to LA, beat Dodgers 13-9