Dodgers - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Rockies. Pederson struck out swinging. Beaty doubled to deep left center. Taylor grounded out to pitcher, Beaty to third. Bellinger flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon grounded out to first. Dahl flied out to right. Arenado popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Rockies. Muncy grounded out to second. Ríos walked. Hernández grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ríos out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. Murphy struck out swinging. Tapia struck out swinging. McMahon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Rockies. Martin grounded out to second. Maeda singled to right. Pederson singled to right, Maeda to third. Beaty grounded into fielder's choice to first, Maeda scored, Pederson out at second. Taylor flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. Hampson flied out to left. Wolters tripled to right. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Blackmon walked. Dahl grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Rockies. Bellinger lined out to first. Muncy flied out to center. Ríos struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. Arenado flied out to center. Murphy walked. Tapia grounded into fielder's choice to first, Murphy out at second in rundown. McMahon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Rockies. Hernández walked. Martin singled to right center, Hernández to third. Maeda sacrificed, Hernández to home on throwing error by pitcher Gonzalez, Maeda to first on throwing error by pitcher Gonzalez, Martin to second on throwing error by pitcher Gonzalez. Pederson singled to left, Martin scored, Maeda to second. Dahl in left field. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Desmond in center field. Beaty flied out to center. Taylor struck out swinging. Bellinger grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Maeda pitching for Dodgers. Hampson singled to left. Wolters singled to center, Hampson to third. Desmond struck out swinging. Rosscup pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon reached on infield single to first, Hampson scored, Wolters to second. Blackmon to second on wild pitch by Rosscup, Wolters to third on wild pitch by Rosscup. Dahl homered to right (392 feet), Wolters scored and Blackmon scored. Floro pitching for Dodgers. Arenado doubled to left. Murphy singled to left center, Arenado to third. Valaika hit for Estévez. Valaika grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Murphy out at second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Muncy struck out swinging. Ríos singled to deep center. Hernández singled to left, Ríos to second. Martin singled to center, Hernández to second, Ríos to third. Turner hit for Floro. Turner hit by pitch, Ríos scored, Martin to second, Hernández to third. Pederson singled to right, Hernández scored and Martin scored, Turner to third. Beaty doubled to center, Turner scored, Pederson to third. Taylor walked. Tinoco pitching for Rockies. Bellinger grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pederson scored, Taylor out at second, Beaty to third. Muncy singled to right, Beaty scored, Bellinger to second. Ríos struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Urías pitching for Dodgers. McMahon reached on infield single to pitcher, McMahon safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Urías. Hampson lined out to shortstop. Wolters struck out looking. Desmond flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Tinoco pitching for Rockies. Hernández flied out to center. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Urías flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon flied out to left. Dahl lined out to second. Arenado lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Tinoco pitching for Rockies. Pederson grounded out to third. Beaty popped out to shortstop. Taylor doubled to deep right center. Bellinger reached on infield single to first, Taylor scored. Muncy lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Murphy walked. Reynolds hit for Tinoco. Reynolds struck out swinging. McMahon struck out swinging. Hampson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Díaz pitching for Rockies. Ríos walked. Hernández doubled to deep left, Ríos to third. Martin struck out swinging. Garlick hit for Urías. Garlick struck out swinging. Pederson walked. Beaty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. García pitching for Dodgers. Wolters fouled out to left. Desmond grounded out to catcher. Blackmon homered to right center (404 feet). Dahl flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 10 - Rockies 5.	Dodgers rebound in 10-5 win over Rockies for series split