Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Locastro hit by pitch. Marte flied out to center. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Locastro out at second. Walker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Leake pitching for Diamondbacks. Pederson hit by pitch. Muncy struck out swinging. Turner homered to left (375 feet), Pederson scored. Bellinger homered to left center (404 feet). Seager flied out to left. Smith flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Flores struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to second. Ahmed grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Leake pitching for Diamondbacks. Beaty singled to center. Negrón grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beaty out at second. Ryu sacrificed to pitcher, Negrón to second. Pederson singled to center, Negrón scored. Muncy popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Kelly struck out looking. Leake struck out looking. Locastro lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Leake pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner flied out to center. Bellinger grounded out to first. Seager doubled to right. Smith homered to left (369 feet), Seager scored. Beaty walked. Negrón grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Marte grounded out to third. Escobar flied out to right. Walker singled to right center. Flores grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Leake pitching for Diamondbacks. Ryu singled to center. Pederson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Ryu out at second. Muncy lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Jones singled to center. Ahmed grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jones out at second. Kelly walked, Ahmed to second. Leake sacrificed to catcher, Kelly to second, Ahmed to third. Locastro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Leake pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner homered to left center (390 feet). Bellinger doubled to right. Seager doubled to deep right, Bellinger to third. Smith hit sacrifice fly to right, Bellinger scored, Seager to third. Beaty intentionally walked. Negrón struck out swinging. Ryu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beaty out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Marte singled to right center. Escobar singled to left, Marte to second. Walker flied out to right, Marte to third. Flores grounded into double play, third to second to first, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Locastro in center field. Marte at second base. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Swihart in left field. Pederson singled to right. Muncy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pederson out at second. Turner grounded out to pitcher, Muncy to second. Bellinger fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. White at first base. Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Jones grounded out to third. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Kelly singled to center. Swihart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Seager grounded out to first. Smith doubled to deep center. Beaty struck out swinging. Negrón struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. García pitching for Dodgers. Ríos at third base. Locastro flied out to right. Marte struck out swinging. Escobar homered to right (382 feet). Walker singled to right. Lamb hit for Andriese. Lamb struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Avila pitching for Diamondbacks. Ríos singled to left. Pederson walked, Ríos to second. Muncy singled to center, Pederson to second, Ríos to third. García grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ríos scored, Muncy out at second, Pederson to third. White flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Chargois pitching for Dodgers. Jones reached on infield single to third. Ahmed homered to center (403 feet), Jones scored. Kelly grounded out to shortstop. Swihart struck out swinging. Locastro struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Dodgers 9.	Turner's 2 HRs, Ryu's 7 innings send Dodgers past Dbacks 9-3