Mariners - Top 1st. Colon pitching for Athletics. Chavez singled to center. Franklin popped out to shortstop. Seager singled to right, Chavez to second. Morales flied out to center, Chavez to third. Ibanez popped out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. Jaso walked. Cespedes singled to deep right, Jaso to third. Moss grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Cespedes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Colon pitching for Athletics. Morse singled to right. Bay reached on infield single to pitcher, Morse to second. Zunino singled to right, Morse to third, Bay to second. Ryan struck out swinging. Chavez singled to left, Morse and Bay scored, Zunino to second. Franklin singled to left, Zunino to third, Chavez to second. Seager lined out to right. Morales flied out to left. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Donaldson struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to second. Reddick tripled to deep right center. Rosales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Colon pitching for Athletics. Ibanez grounded out to first. Morse grounded out to third. Bay popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Sogard doubled to left. Crisp grounded out to second, Sogard to third. Jaso walked. Cespedes flied out to left. Moss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Colon pitching for Athletics. Zunino struck out swinging. Ryan lined out to right. Chavez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Donaldson doubled to deep left. Smith doubled to deep right, Donaldson scored. Reddick singled to right center, Smith scored. Rosales sacrificed to pitcher, Reddick to second. Sogard lined out to left. Crisp grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Colon pitching for Athletics. Franklin grounded out to shortstop. Seager grounded out to first. Morales struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Jaso walked. Cespedes doubled to deep center, Jaso scored. Moss singled to center, Cespedes scored. Donaldson popped out to first. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moss out at second. Reddick lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Colon pitching for Athletics. Ibanez grounded out to second. Morse singled to center. Bay grounded into double play, third to second to first, Morse out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Beavan pitching for Mariners. Rosales grounded out to shortstop. Sogard struck out swinging. Crisp singled to deep right. Jaso singled to right, Crisp to second. Cespedes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jaso out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Colon pitching for Athletics. Zunino grounded out to shortstop. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Beavan pitching for Mariners. Moss flied out to left. Donaldson homered to left center (402 feet). Smith homered to right (427 feet). Reddick singled to right. Rosales singled to left, Reddick to second. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Sogard reached on infield single to shortstop, Reddick to third, Rosales to second. Crisp walked, Reddick scored, Rosales to third, Sogard to second. Jaso hit sacrifice fly to left, Rosales scored. Cespedes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crisp out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Young in center field. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Franklin walked. Seager flied out to left. Morales grounded into double play, third to second to first, Franklin out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Capps pitching for Mariners. Moss homered to right (377 feet). Donaldson grounded out to second. Smith struck out swinging. Reddick homered to right center (407 feet). Rosales lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Ibanez fouled out to catcher. Triunfel hit for Morse. Triunfel struck out swinging. Liddi hit for Bay. Liddi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 2 - Athletics 10.	Colon wins 6th straight decision, lifts A's