Indians - Top 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Lawton flied out to left. Vizquel popped out to shallow center. Bradley walked. Spencer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Everett grounded out to second. Blalock grounded out to second. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Gerut singled to right. Laker struck out swinging. Selby walked, Gerut to second. Blake struck out swinging. Phillips doubled to left, Selby and Gerut scored. Lawton lined out to right. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Palmeiro doubled to right. Gonzalez singled to left, Palmeiro scored. Sierra popped out to shortstop. Teixeira grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Vizquel grounded out to shortstop. Bradley grounded out to first. Spencer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Laird struck out swinging. Young singled to left. Young stole second, Young safe at third on throwing error by catcher Laker. Everett homered to right, Young scored. Blalock singled to right. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. Blalock to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Palmeiro grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Gerut doubled to deep center. Laker sacrificed to pitcher, Gerut to third. Selby struck out looking. Blake walked. Phillips singled to right, Gerut scored, Blake to second. Lawton walked, Blake to third, Phillips to second. Vizquel singled to center, Blake and Phillips scored, Lawton to second. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Bradley fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez fouled out to first. Sierra grounded out to second. Teixeira struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Spencer struck out looking. Gerut grounded out to first. Laker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Laird reached on bunt single to third. Young singled to left, Laird to second. Everett walked, Laird to third, Young to second. Blalock singled to left center, Laird and Young scored, Everett to third, Blalock to second advancing on throw. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third, Everett scored, Blalock to third, Blalock scored on throwing error by third baseman Selby. Traber pitching for Indians. Palmeiro grounded into double play, second to third to first, Rodriguez out at second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Selby popped out to shortstop. Blake struck out looking. Phillips hit by pitch. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Lawton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Traber pitching for Indians. Sierra singled to center. Teixeira reached on infield single to third, Sierra to second. Christenson ran for Sierra. Laird popped out to second. Young singled to left, Christenson scored, Teixeira to second. Everett struck out swinging. Blalock reached on infield single to first, Teixeira scored, Young to second. Rodriguez walked, Young to third, Blalock to second. Christenson in center field. Everett in left field. Palmeiro popped out to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Vizquel grounded out to first. Bradley fouled out to first. Boyd pitching for Indians. Spencer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Boyd pitching for Indians. Gonzalez doubled to left center. Sadler ran for Gonzalez. Christenson hit ground rule double to right, Sadler scored. Teixeira singled to center, Christenson scored, Teixeira to second advancing on throw. Laird hit by pitch. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Laird out at second, Teixeira to third. Everett singled to center, Teixeira scored, Young to third. Blalock singled to right, Young scored, Everett to second. Elder pitching for Indians. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Palmeiro homered to right, Everett and Blalock scored. Sadler in right field. Sadler flied out to right. 7 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Perry at first base. Powell pitching for Rangers. Gerut flied out to deep center. Laker doubled to left. Selby doubled to right, Laker scored. Blake popped out to second. Phillips grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Elder pitching for Indians. Christenson homered to left. Teixeira walked. Laird grounded out to third, Teixeira to second. Young grounded out to pitcher, Teixeira to third. Teixeira in right field. Sadler at shortstop. Everett flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Urbina pitching for Rangers. Lawton homered to right. Vizquel singled to left. Bradley flied out to center. Spencer doubled to left center, Vizquel to third. Gerut grounded out to first, Vizquel scored, Spencer to third. Laker homered to left, Spencer scored. Selby fouled out to third. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 10 - Rangers 17.	Palmeiro hits No. 500 in Rangers' rout of Indians