Athletics - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Indians. Byrnes grounded out to first. Hatteberg lined out to left. Tejada flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Gerut doubled to left center. Vizquel bunt popped out to pitcher. Burks singled to right center, Gerut scored. Bradley struck out swinging. Burks stole second. Spencer walked. Blake singled to left, Burks scored, Spencer to second. Laker flied out to right. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Indians. Chavez grounded out to first. Durazo walked. Hernandez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Durazo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Lilly pitching for Athletics. McDonald flied out to right. Phillips struck out swinging. Gerut lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Indians. Ellis flied out to left. Long flied out to left. Gant grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Vizquel walked. Burks doubled to deep left, Vizquel to third. Bradley walked. Vizquel scored, Burks to third, Bradley to second on passed ball by Hernandez. Spencer struck out looking. Blake grounded out to second, Burks scored, Bradley to third. Laker grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Indians. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. Hatteberg grounded out to first. Tejada popped out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Lilly pitching for Athletics. McDonald flied out to left. Phillips safe at first on error by second baseman Ellis. Phillips stole second. Gerut grounded out to second, Phillips to third. Vizquel flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Indians. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. Durazo grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Burks walked. Bradley singled to center, Burks to second. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Spencer reached on bunt single to catcher, Burks to third, Bradley to second, Burks scored on throwing error by catcher Hernandez. Blake struck out swinging. Laker struck out looking. McDonald struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Indians. Ellis doubled to left. Long grounded out to first, Ellis to third. Gant struck out swinging. Byrnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Phillips struck out swinging. Gerut grounded out to second. Vizquel safe at first on error by second baseman Ellis. Vizquel to second on balk by Bradford. Burks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Anderson pitching for Indians. Hatteberg walked. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hatteberg out at second. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Chavez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Tejada out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Bradley grounded out to second. Spencer struck out looking. Blake flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Anderson pitching for Indians. Durazo grounded out to first. Hernandez singled to left. Ellis singled to left, Hernandez to second. Long singled to left, Hernandez to third, Ellis to second. Gant singled to right, Hernandez scored, Ellis to third, Long to second. Boyd pitching for Indians. Byrnes hit sacrifice fly to right, Ellis scored, Long to third. Hatteberg singled to left, Long scored, Gant to second. Tejada walked, Gant to third, Hatteberg to second. Mulholland pitching for Indians. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Chavez popped out to shallow left. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Laker struck out swinging. McDonald struck out swinging. Baez pitching for Indians. Phillips popped out to shallow left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Indians. Durazo doubled to deep right center. Hernandez bunt grounded out to pitcher, Durazo to third. Ellis singled to left, Durazo scored. Singleton hit for Gant. Long singled to center, Ellis to second. Singleton singled to left center, Ellis scored, Long to third. Byrnes singled to right, Long scored, Singleton to third. Sadler pitching for Indians. Hatteberg singled to right, Singleton scored, Byrnes to third. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to third, Byrnes scored, Hatteberg out at second. Chavez doubled to left, Tejada to third. Singleton in center field. Byrnes in left field. Durazo flied out to center. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Gerut struck out looking. Vizquel struck out looking. Burks grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 8 - Indians 5.	A's figure out Baez in ninth to tune of five runs