Tigers - Top 1st. Davis pitching for Indians. Kingsale lined out to left. Santiago reached on infield single to shortstop. Higginson singled to right, Santiago to third. Young grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Higginson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Lawton struck out looking. Vizquel grounded out to pitcher. Burks walked. Bradley singled to left center, Burks to third. Gerut popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Davis pitching for Indians. Pena homered to right. Munson flied out to right center. Witt struck out swinging. Inge flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Bard grounded out to first. Blake singled to left. Broussard lined out to center. Blake stole second. Phillips popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Davis pitching for Indians. Infante singled to center. Kingsale sacrificed to third, Infante to second, Kingsale safe at first on error by third baseman Blake. Santiago sacrificed to pitcher, Infante to third, Kingsale to second. Higginson intentionally walked. Young safe at first on error by first baseman Broussard, Infante scored, Kingsale to third, Higginson to second. Pena homered to right, Kingsale, Higginson and Young scored. Munson flied out to center. Witt grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Lawton singled to right. Vizquel flied out to right. Burks struck out swinging. Bradley walked, Lawton to second. Gerut homered to center, Lawton and Bradley scored. Bard grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Davis pitching for Indians. Inge safe at first on error by second baseman Phillips. Inge caught stealing second, catcher to second to first to shortstop. Infante struck out swinging. Kingsale tripled to right center. Santiago grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Blake walked. Broussard doubled to left center, Blake scored. Phillips flied out to deep center, Broussard to third. Lawton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Broussard out at home. Lawton stole second. Vizquel grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Davis pitching for Indians. Higginson grounded out to shortstop. Young struck out swinging. Pena walked. Munson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Burks grounded out to third. Bradley doubled to deep left. Gerut singled to center, Bradley scored. Sparks pitching for Tigers. Bard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gerut out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Davis pitching for Indians. Witt homered to right. Inge fouled out to first. Infante grounded out to shortstop. Kingsale grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Sparks pitching for Tigers. Blake doubled to right. Broussard walked. Phillips reached on bunt single to pitcher, Blake to third, Broussard to second. Lawton singled to center, Blake and Broussard scored, Phillips to second. Phillips caught stealing third, catcher to shortstop to third. Vizquel lined out to right. Traber pitching for Indians. Burks grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lawton out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Traber pitching for Indians. Santiago grounded out to second. Higginson singled to center. Young struck out swinging, Higginson stole second. Pena homered to right, Higginson scored. Munson walked. Munson stole second. Walker pitching for Tigers. Witt struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Bradley doubled to left. Gerut struck out swinging. Bard doubled to right, Bradley scored. McDonald ran for Bard. Blake homered to center, McDonald scored. Broussard lined out to third. McDonald at third base. Blake at first base. Laker catching. Phillips grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Traber pitching for Indians. Inge struck out swinging. Infante singled to left. Riske pitching for Indians. Kingsale struck out swinging. Santiago struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Lawton flied out to right. Vizquel reached on infield single to shortstop. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Burks grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Vizquel out at second. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Riske pitching for Indians. Higginson flied out to center. Young struck out swinging. Pena flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 9 - Indians 10.	Pena's three-homer game spoiled by Indians