Indians - Top 1st. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Lawton flied out to left. Vizquel grounded out to first. Burks flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Indians. Damon grounded out to pitcher. Mueller singled to left. Garciaparra safe at second on error by third baseman McDonald, Mueller to third. Ramirez intentionally walked. Millar hit sacrifice fly to right, Mueller scored, Garciaparra to third, Ramirez to second, Millar safe at first on error by right fielder Spencer. Hillenbrand hit sacrifice fly to center, Garciaparra scored. Ortiz homered to right, Ramirez and Millar scored. Varitek grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Bradley struck out looking. Spencer walked. Broussard singled to right center, Spencer to third. Bard hit sacrifice fly to left, Spencer scored. McDonald doubled to left center, Broussard scored. McDonald to third on passed ball by Varitek. Phillips flied out to center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Indians. Jackson popped out to second. Damon flied out to right. Mueller flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Lawton grounded out to shortstop. Vizquel flied out to right. Burks struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Indians. Garciaparra homered to left. Ramirez singled to center. Millar struck out looking. Hillenbrand grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Bradley flied out to center. Spencer flied out to right. Broussard flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Indians. Ortiz doubled to center. Varitek flied out to right. Jackson grounded out to second, Ortiz to third. Damon fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Bard flied out to right. McDonald flied out to center. Phillips flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Indians. Mueller singled to left. Garciaparra flied out to center. Ramirez singled to left, Mueller to second. Millar doubled to deep left, Mueller and Ramirez scored. Hillenbrand popped out to second. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Ortiz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Lawton homered to right. Vizquel flied out to left. Burks safe at first on error by third baseman Hillenbrand. Bradley hit by pitch, Burks to second. Spencer singled to left, Burks to third, Bradley to second. Phillips pitching for Indians. Broussard lined into double play, to second, Bradley doubled off second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Phillips pitching for Indians. Varitek grounded out to first. Jackson popped out to second. Damon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Bard singled to right. McDonald singled to left, Bard to second. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Phillips flied out to right. Lawton lined out to center. Vizquel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Phillips pitching for Indians. Mueller grounded out to first. Garciaparra doubled to shallow left. Ramirez homered to left, Garciaparra scored. Millar grounded out to shortstop. Hillenbrand singled to right. Ortiz singled to right, Hillenbrand to third. Mueller at third base. Nixon in right field. Hillenbrand at first base. Jackson at second base. Varitek popped out to second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Burks struck out swinging. Bradley singled to left. Spencer popped out to first. Broussard grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Phillips pitching for Indians. Jackson singled to right. Damon lined out to left. Mueller singled to left, Jackson to second. Garciaparra singled to left, Jackson scored, Mueller to second. Ramirez walked, Mueller to third, Garciaparra to second. Nixon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mueller scored, Ramirez out at second, Garciaparra to third. Person pitching for Red Sox. Hillenbrand popped out to second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Person pitching for Red Sox. Bard flied out to left. McDonald struck out looking. Phillips walked. Lawton popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 3 - Red Sox 12.	Nomar hits Monstah homer to extend hitting streak