Indians - Top 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Crisp singled to left. Crisp caught stealing second, catcher to second. Blake popped out to shortstop. Gerut grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Soriano grounded out to third. Jeter doubled to left. Giambi struck out swinging. Williams grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Bradley flied out to right. Broussard struck out swinging. Hafner flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Matsui flied out to left. Posada doubled to right. Sierra grounded out to shortstop, Posada to third. Ventura walked. Mondesi grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Martinez flied out to center. Peralta grounded out to first. Sorensen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Soriano struck out swinging. Jeter struck out swinging. Giambi lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Crisp singled to left center. Blake grounded out to first, Crisp to second. Gerut grounded out to first, Crisp to third. Bradley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Williams grounded out to first. Matsui walked. Posada walked, Matsui to second. Sierra safe at first on error by second baseman Sorensen, Matsui scored, Posada to third. Ventura grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sierra out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 5th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Broussard walked. Hafner fouled out to first. Martinez grounded into double play, second to first, Broussard out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Mondesi walked. Mondesi stole second. Soriano flied out to left. Jeter singled to center, Mondesi to third. Giambi lined out to third. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jeter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Peralta struck out swinging. Sorensen flied out to right center. Crisp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Herrera pitching for Indians. Matsui walked. Posada homered to left center, Matsui scored. Sierra singled to left. Ventura walked, Sierra to second. Boyd pitching for Indians. Mondesi grounded out to pitcher, Sierra to third, Ventura to second. Soriano doubled to left, Sierra and Ventura scored. Jeter doubled to right center, Soriano scored. Giambi intentionally walked. Williams flied out to left. Matsui singled to right, Jeter scored, Giambi to second. Posada struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Blake singled to left. Gerut struck out looking. Bradley flied out to left. Broussard singled to left, Blake to second. Hafner singled to center, Blake scored, Broussard to third. Martinez singled to left, Broussard scored, Hafner to second. Peralta singled to left center, Hafner scored, Martinez to third. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Ludwick hit for Sorensen. McDonald at second base. Ludwick flied out to right. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Sierra reached on infield single to first. Ventura singled to right, Sierra to second. Mondesi struck out looking. Soriano flied out to left. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ventura out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Crisp struck out swinging. Blake flied out to center. Gerut popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Mulholland pitching for Indians. Giambi flied out to right center. Williams walked. Hitchcock pitching for Yankees. Matsui grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Williams out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Hitchcock pitching for Yankees. Bradley walked. Broussard walked, Bradley to second. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Hafner grounded out to first, Bradley to third, Broussard to second. Martinez grounded out to shortstop, Bradley scored, Broussard to third. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 4 - Yankees 7.	Six-run 6th inning powers Yanks to sweep