Tigers - Top 1st. Traber pitching for Indians. Sanchez singled to left. Klassen struck out looking. Sanchez stole second. Higginson grounded out to second, Sanchez to third. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Crisp grounded out to second. Vizquel grounded out to shortstop. Blake grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Traber pitching for Indians. Monroe homered to left center. Pena struck out swinging. Morris struck out swinging. Inge grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Gerut hit by pitch. Lawton singled to center, Gerut to third. Ludwick doubled to shallow right, Gerut scored, Lawton to third. Broussard grounded out to second, Lawton scored, Ludwick to third. Bard grounded into fielder's choice double play, pitcher to first, Ludwick out at home, Bard out at first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Traber pitching for Indians. Santiago grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez grounded out to first. Klassen singled to center. Higginson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. McDonald reached on infield single to shortstop. Crisp reached on bunt single to pitcher, McDonald to second. Vizquel sacrificed to pitcher, McDonald to third, Crisp to second. Blake grounded out to shortstop, McDonald scored, Crisp to third. Gerut grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Traber pitching for Indians. Young homered to left. Monroe grounded out to third. Pena doubled to right center. Morris reached on infield single to second, Pena to third. Inge singled to left, Pena scored, Morris to second. Santiago singled to left, Morris scored, Inge to third. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Inge scored on error by catcher Bard, Santiago to second. Klassen singled to right center, Santiago to third, Sanchez to second. Higginson grounded into fielder's choice double play, third to second, Klassen out at second, Sanchez out at second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 4th. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Lawton flied out to center. Ludwick singled to left. Broussard doubled to right center, Ludwick scored. Bard walked. Cressend pitching for Indians. McDonald grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bard out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Cressend pitching for Indians. Young grounded out to first. Monroe flied out to deep right. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Crisp singled to center. Vizquel fouled out to first. Blake grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Crisp out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Santos at second base. Cressend pitching for Indians. Morris popped out to shortstop. Inge singled to left. Santiago struck out looking. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Gerut grounded out to second. Lawton grounded out to first. Ludwick doubled to right. Broussard popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Klassen doubled to deep center. Higginson grounded out to first, Klassen to third. Young intentionally walked. Monroe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Bard grounded out to second. Santos singled to left center. Crisp fouled out to left. Vizquel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Pena flied out to shallow center. Morris flied out to shallow left. Inge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Blake grounded out to shortstop. Walker pitching for Tigers. Gerut popped out to second. Baez pitching for Indians. Lawton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Indians. Santiago singled to center. Sanchez sacrificed to first, Santiago to second. Klassen grounded out to third. Higginson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Escobar hit for Broussard. Walker pitching for Tigers. Ludwick struck out swinging. Escobar singled to center. Bard flied out to right. Santos flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 5 - Indians 4.	Long balls help Tigers top Cleveland