Indians - Top 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. Blake grounded out to shortstop. Gerut doubled to deep right. Broussard doubled to left center, Gerut scored. Bard doubled to deep right center, Broussard scored. Hafner struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Mulholland pitching for Indians. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Berg flied out to right. Wells reached on infield single to third, Wells to second on throwing error by third baseman Blake. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Magruder flied out to center. Peralta struck out swinging. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Mulholland pitching for Indians. Phelps struck out looking. Kielty reached on infield single to third. Bordick singled to center, Kielty to second. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kielty out at third, Bordick to second. Bordick to third, Hudson to second on wild pitch by Mulholland. Cash safe at first on error by second baseman Phillips, Bordick scored, Hudson to third. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cash out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp grounded out to second. Blake grounded out to third. Gerut struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Mulholland pitching for Indians. Berg flied out to right. Wells doubled to center. Delgado lined out to right. Phelps walked. Kielty walked, Wells to third, Phelps to second. Bordick reached on infield single to second, Wells and Phelps scored, Kielty to second. Hudson singled to center, Kielty scored, Bordick to second. Cash struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Broussard grounded out to shortstop. Bard grounded out to second. Hafner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Mulholland pitching for Indians. Johnson flied out to right. Berg reached on infield single to second. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Berg out at second. Delgado doubled to left, Wells to third. Phelps grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Magruder doubled to deep left center. Peralta singled to center, Magruder scored. Phillips sacrificed to third, Peralta to second. Crisp grounded out to second, Peralta to third. Peralta out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Blake batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Mulholland pitching for Indians. Kielty grounded out to shortstop. Bordick grounded out to shortstop. Hudson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Blake struck out looking. Gerut grounded out to shortstop. Broussard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Mulholland pitching for Indians. Cash homered to left. Johnson reached on bunt single to third. Berg grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. Wells grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Bard hit ground rule double to left. Hafner struck out swinging. Magruder grounded out to second, Bard to third. Peralta walked. Phillips doubled to left, Bard scored, Peralta to third. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Mulholland pitching for Indians. Delgado lined out to left. Phelps walked. Kielty lined out to left. Bordick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phelps out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Blake popped out to shortstop. Gerut grounded out to first. Boyd pitching for Indians. Broussard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Boyd pitching for Indians. Hudson flied out to center. Cash walked. Myers hit for Berg. Johnson struck out swinging. Clark at third base. Myers grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Sorensen ran for Bard. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Bard reached on infield single to shortstop. Hafner grounded out to first, Sorensen to second. Magruder struck out swinging. Peralta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 4 - Blue Jays 5.	Halladay wins 22nd, sets club record