Blue Jays - Top 1st . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Wells singled to center . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wells out at second . Glaus flied out to center . Thomas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Stewart reached on infield single to shortstop . Kotsay grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Stewart out at second . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Hill struck out swinging . Thigpen struck out swinging . Lind singled to center . Phillips lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Cust walked . Chavez singled to right , Cust to second . Johnson singled to right center , Cust scored , Chavez to second . Ellis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second , Chavez to third . Scutaro doubled to deep right center , Chavez scored . Suzuki struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Clayton flied out to right . Wells homered to left . Rios singled to left . Glaus singled to center , Rios to second . Thomas singled to left center , Rios scored , Glaus to third . Hill doubled to left , Glaus scored , Thomas to third . Thigpen walked . Lind singled to right , Thomas scored , Hill to third , Thigpen to second . Phillips safe at first on error by pitcher DiNardo , Hill scored , Thigpen to third , Lind to second . Lewis pitching for Athletics . Clayton hit sacrifice fly to right , Thigpen scored . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Phillips out at second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Stewart flied out to right . Kotsay flied out to center . Swisher fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Lewis pitching for Athletics . Rios lined out to left . Glaus singled to center . Thomas singled to left center , Glaus to second . Hill struck out swinging . Thigpen grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Cust struck out looking . Chavez walked . Johnson homered to right center , Chavez scored . Ellis struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Lewis pitching for Athletics . Lind grounded out to first . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Clayton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki grounded out to third . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Kotsay flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Lewis pitching for Athletics . Wells homered to left center . Rios singled to center . Glaus flied out to right . Rios stole second . Thomas singled to center , Rios scored . Hill struck out swinging . Thigpen grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Swisher flied out to left . Cust grounded out to shortstop . Chavez walked . Flores pitching for Athletics . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Flores pitching for Athletics . Lind walked . Phillips singled to center , Lind to second . Clayton struck out swinging . Wells singled to center , Lind to third , Phillips to second . Rios walked , Lind scored , Phillips to third , Wells to second . Glaus hit sacrifice fly to right , Phillips scored , Wells to third . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Thomas struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Ellis doubled to deep left center . Scutaro hit by pitch . Suzuki flied out to right . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Murphy ran for Scutaro . Stewart singled to right , Ellis to third , Scutaro to second . Kotsay hit sacrifice fly to center , Ellis scored . Swisher doubled to deep left center , Murphy scored , Stewart to third . Murphy at shortstop . Cust struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Flores pitching for Athletics . Hill fouled out to first . Thigpen flied out to left . Lind flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Chavez flied out to left . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson singled to right . Ellis singled to left , Johnson to second . Murphy grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to catcher to third to second to first to shortstop to catcher to third , Johnson out at home , Johnson out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Flores pitching for Athletics . Phillips flied out to center . Clayton doubled to deep right center . Wells intentionally walked . Marshall pitching for Athletics . Rios safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Flores , Clayton scored , Wells to third . Glaus grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Rios out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki walked . Suzuki to third on wild pitch by Janssen . Stewart singled to right center , Suzuki scored . Kotsay flied out to center . Swisher flied out to center . Stewart to second on fielder 's indifference . Cust struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 11 - Athletics 7 .	Wells homers twice as Blue Jays rip A 's , end skid