Rangers - Top 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Catalanotto hit by pitch . Kinsler popped out to shortstop . Young struck out swinging . Byrd tripled to deep right center , Catalanotto scored . Botts struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Overbay singled to center . Rios walked , Overbay to second . Glaus grounded out to pitcher , Overbay to third , Rios to second . Wells singled to shallow left , Overbay scored , Rios to third . Thomas doubled to deep center , Rios and Wells scored . Hill reached on infield single to shortstop , Thomas hit by batted ball out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Cruz struck out looking . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Laird singled to left . Vazquez singled to center , Laird to third . Catalanotto walked , Vazquez to second . Kinsler singled to center , Laird and Vazquez scored , Catalanotto to third . Kinsler stole second . Young struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Zaun popped out to second . McDonald struck out swinging . Johnson singled to left . Johnson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Overbay batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Byrd lined out to third . Botts lined out to left . Cruz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Overbay flied out to left . Rios reached on infield single to third . Rios stole second . Glaus popped into double play , second to shortstop , Rios doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . Laird singled to right . Vazquez struck out looking . Catalanotto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Laird out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Wells grounded out to second . Thomas singled to center . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thomas out at second . Zaun singled to right , Hill to second . McDonald struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Kinsler grounded out to second . Young grounded out to second . Byrd struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Wright pitching for Rangers . Johnson singled to center . Overbay struck out swinging . Rios struck out looking . Glaus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Botts struck out swinging . Cruz singled to left . Saltalamacchia lined out to center . Laird struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Wright pitching for Rangers . Wells singled to left . Thomas grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Wells safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Wright . Hill doubled to deep center , Wells scored , Thomas to third . Zaun singled to right , Thomas and Hill scored . McDonald lined out to third , Zaun out at second . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Vazquez walked . Catalanotto singled to right , Vazquez to third . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Kinsler singled to left center , Vazquez scored , Catalanotto to second . Young bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Catalanotto out at third , Kinsler to second . Byrd grounded into double play , third to second to first , Young out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Wright pitching for Rangers . Overbay struck out swinging . Rios struck out looking . Glaus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Botts popped out to third . Cruz walked . Saltalamacchia grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Wright pitching for Rangers . Wells singled to left . Thomas flied out to right . Hill struck out swinging , Wells stole second . Zaun intentionally walked . McDonald fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Accardo pitching for Blue Jays . Laird lined out to right . Vazquez grounded out to second . Catalanotto singled to left . Hairston ran for Catalanotto . Hairston to second on fielder 's indifference . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Blue Jays 6 .	Hill 's go - ahead double helps Halladay earn 12th win