Yankees - Top 1st . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Damon reached on infield single to shortstop . Jeter grounded out to third , Damon to second . Abreu grounded out to first , Damon to third . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Johnson bunt grounded out to pitcher . Overbay walked . Rios flied out to right . Wells flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Posada singled to left , Posada out stretching at second . Cano walked . Cano stole second . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Duncan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Thomas singled to left center . Glaus grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Thomas out at second . Hill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Damon walked . Jeter grounded into double play , pitcher to third to first , Cabrera out at third , Damon to second . Abreu tripled to deep center , Damon scored . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Posada doubled to left , Abreu and Rodriguez scored . Cano intentionally walked . Phillips flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Zaun grounded out to second . McDonald flied out to right . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Duncan grounded out to third . Cabrera tripled to deep center . Damon hit sacrifice fly to center , Cabrera scored . Jeter singled to right . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Overbay struck out swinging . Rios grounded out to second . Wells struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Posada singled to right , Posada out stretching at second . Cano walked . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cano out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Thomas struck out swinging . Glaus lined out to shortstop . Hill grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Duncan singled to left . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera sacrificed into fielder 's choice to catcher , Duncan to second . Damon walked , Duncan to third , Cabrera to second . Jeter singled to center , Duncan and Cabrera scored , Damon to third . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Damon scored , Jeter out at second . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Abreu out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Zaun flied out to left . McDonald struck out swinging . Johnson singled to center . Overbay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Posada grounded out to pitcher . Cano hit by pitch . Phillips grounded out to third , Cano to second . Duncan grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Rios hit by pitch . Brower pitching for Yankees . Wells walked , Rios to second . Thomas doubled to deep left , Rios and Wells scored . Glaus struck out swinging . Hill singled to center , Thomas to third . Zaun grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hill out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Damon reached on infield single to second , Cabrera to third . Damon stole second . Jeter grounded out to second . Abreu singled to center , Cabrera and Damon scored . Rodriguez fouled out to catcher . Posada struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Betemit at third base . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Olmedo hit for McDonald . Olmedo struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to second . Overbay walked . Rios singled to center , Overbay to second . Wells flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Luna at third base . Olmedo at shortstop . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Cano flied out to left . Phillips singled to right center . Giambi hit for Duncan . Giambi grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Phillips out at second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Giambi out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Thigpen hit for Thomas . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Thigpen struck out swinging . Luna walked . Hill grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Luna out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 9 - Blue Jays 2 .	Clemens ejected as Yanks win battle against Jays\r\n