Blue Jays - Top 1st . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . Stairs struck out looking . Rios grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera grounded out to second . Jeter struck out swinging . Abreu lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Thomas singled to center . Hill walked , Thomas to second . Adams flied out to right , Thomas to third . Lind grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hill out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez walked . Matsui singled to center , Rodriguez to third . Posada singled to right , Rodriguez scored , Matsui to third . Giambi struck out swinging . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Matsui out at home , Posada to second . Mientkiewicz singled to center , Posada to third , Cano to second . Cabrera grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Thigpen lined out to right . Olmedo lined out to third . Johnson safe at second on error by second baseman Cano . Stairs grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter singled to left . Abreu flied out to left . Rodriguez singled to left , Jeter to second . Matsui flied out to center . Posada grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Rios doubled to center . Thomas struck out swinging . Hill singled to right , Rios to third . Adams popped out to shortstop . Lind hit ground rule double to left , Rios scored , Hill to third . Thigpen singled to left center , Hill and Lind scored . Thigpen stole second . Olmedo grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Giambi struck out swinging . Cano grounded out to third . Mientkiewicz hit by pitch . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Johnson lined out to third . Stairs singled to left . Rios struck out looking . Thomas singled to center , Stairs to second . Griffin ran for Thomas . Hill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter struck out swinging . Abreu walked . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Matsui tripled to right , Abreu scored . Posada walked . Giambi struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Villone pitching for Yankees . Adams popped out to first . Lind flied out to left . Ohlendorf pitching for Yankees . Thigpen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Kennedy pitching for Blue Jays . Cano grounded out to second . Mientkiewicz walked . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher , Mientkiewicz to second . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter reached on infield single to first , Mientkiewicz to third . Abreu walked , Jeter to second . Rodriguez doubled to right , Mientkiewicz and Jeter scored , Abreu to third . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui singled to right , Abreu and Rodriguez scored . League pitching for Blue Jays . Posada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matsui out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Veras pitching for Yankees . Olmedo doubled to right center . Johnson walked . Stairs struck out swinging . Olmedo to third , Johnson to second on wild pitch by Veras . Rios struck out swinging . Olmedo scored , Johnson to third on passed ball by Posada . Griffin walked . Hill singled to left , Johnson scored , Griffin to third , Hill to second advancing on throw . Ramirez pitching for Yankees . Adams doubled to right , Griffin and Hill scored . Adams to third on wild pitch by Ramirez . Lind singled to center , Adams scored . Thigpen flied out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . League pitching for Blue Jays . Giambi flied out to left . Cano walked . Mientkiewicz hit ground rule double to left , Cano to third . Sardinha ran for Mientkiewicz . Cabrera singled to left , Cano and Sardinha scored . Jeter grounded out to first , Cabrera to second . Wolfe pitching for Blue Jays . Abreu walked . Rodriguez singled to center , Cabrera scored , Abreu to third . Matsui grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Betemit at first base . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Olmedo reached on infield single to pitcher . Johnson walked , Olmedo to second . Stairs lined out to first . Rios singled to left , Olmedo scored , Johnson to second . Zaun hit for Griffin . Zaun singled to right , Johnson scored , Rios to second . Britton pitching for Yankees . Hill flied out to right . Igawa pitching for Yankees . Luna hit for Adams . Luna singled to right , Rios scored , Zaun out at home , Luna to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Luna at third base . Wolfe pitching for Blue Jays . Posada reached on infield single to shortstop . Giambi flied out to center . Cano walked , Posada to second . Betemit grounded out to second , Posada to third , Cano to second . Cabrera singled to right center , Posada and Cano scored , Cabrera out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Lind grounded out to shortstop . Thigpen doubled to deep left . Olmedo struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter grounded out to second . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez doubled to left . Matsui flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 10th . Karstens pitching for Yankees . Stairs singled to right . Rios flied out to right . Zaun popped out to second . Hill doubled to deep center , Stairs thrown out at home , Hill to third advancing on throw . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 10th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Posada hit ground rule double to left . Damon ran for Posada . Giambi intentionally walked . Cano flied out to left , Damon to third , Giambi to second . Betemit struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center , Damon scored , Giambi to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 11 - Yankees 12 .	Cabrera 's walk - off hit helps Yanks nip Jays in 10