Blue Jays - Top 1st . Burres pitching for Orioles . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Luna flied out to left . Rios lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Mora struck out looking . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Burres pitching for Orioles . Thomas singled to center . Hill singled to right , Thomas to second . Zaun doubled to left , Thomas scored , Hill to third . Thigpen singled to left center , Hill scored , Zaun to third . Lind grounded into double play , first to catcher to third to first , Zaun out at home , Thigpen to second . McDonald doubled to deep right center , Thigpen scored . Johnson lined out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Tejada grounded out to third . Millar flied out to right . Huff walked . Hernandez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Burres pitching for Orioles . Luna singled to center . Rios singled to right , Luna to second . Thomas homered to left center , Luna and Rios scored . Hill flied out to right . Zaun walked . Thigpen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zaun out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Bynum struck out swinging . Redman struck out swinging . Roberts reached on infield single to third . Mora grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Burres pitching for Orioles . Lind flied out to center . McDonald hit by pitch . Bell pitching for Orioles . Johnson doubled to deep center , McDonald scored . Luna flied out to left . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Markakis flied out to left . Tejada singled to center . Millar popped out to shortstop . Huff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Bell pitching for Orioles . Thomas singled to right . Hill flied out to right . Zaun lined out to center . Thigpen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Hernandez reached on infield single to second . Bynum singled to left center , Hernandez to second . Redman grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bynum out at second , Hernandez to third , Hernandez scored on throwing error by shortstop McDonald . Redman stole second . Roberts struck out swinging . Mora doubled to right center , Redman scored . Markakis singled to left , Mora scored . Tejada singled to right , Markakis to third . Millar walked , Tejada to second . Huff grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Bell pitching for Orioles . Lind singled to left . Cherry pitching for Orioles . McDonald singled to shallow left , Lind to third . Johnson walked , McDonald to second . Adams hit for Luna . Adams grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lind scored , Johnson out at second . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Adams at third base . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Hernandez struck out swinging . Bynum struck out swinging . Redman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Cherry pitching for Orioles . Thomas singled to left . Hill homered to left , Thomas scored . Zaun walked . Thigpen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Zaun out at second . Lind singled to center . McDonald doubled to deep left center , Lind scored . Johnson singled to left , McDonald to third . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Adams grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts singled to left . Mora reached on infield single to third , Roberts to second . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Mora out at second , Roberts to third . Tejada singled to left , Roberts scored , Markakis to second . Hernandez ran for Tejada . Millar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hernandez out at second , Markakis to third . Huff walked , Millar to second . Wolfe pitching for Blue Jays . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Huff out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Fahey at second base . Moore at third base . Hernandez at shortstop . Bako catching . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Rios flied out to left . Griffin hit for Thomas . Griffin walked . Hill fouled out to left . Zaun walked , Griffin to second . Thigpen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Wolfe pitching for Blue Jays . Bynum grounded out to second . Redman singled to right . Fahey grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Redman out at second . Moore popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Lind flied out to center . McDonald flied out to center . Johnson fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . House hit for Markakis . House struck out looking . Hernandez struck out swinging . Millar walked . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Millar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 11 - Orioles 4 .	Thomas goes 4 - for-4 to lead Jays over Orioles