Orioles - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Markakis grounded out to first. Lough singled to left center. Lough stole second. Jones walked. Davis doubled to deep right, Lough and Jones scored. Cruz flied out to left, Davis to third. Clevenger flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Kinsler grounded out to third. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to left. Martinez popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Schoop grounded out to shortstop. Flaherty grounded out to first. Lombardozzi struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Jackson doubled to deep right. Avila walked. Castellanos doubled to deep right, Jackson scored, Avila to third. Romine struck out swinging. Davis hit by pitch. Kinsler singled to deep center, Avila scored, Castellanos to third, Davis to second, Castellanos thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. Hunter hit by pitch, Davis to third, Kinsler to second. Davis scored, Kinsler to third, Hunter to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez. Cabrera flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Markakis flied out to left. Lough popped out to shortstop. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Martinez flied out to center. Jackson singled to left, Jackson out stretching at second. Avila fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Davis walked. Cruz walked, Davis to second. Clevenger grounded into fielder's choice to third, Davis out at third, Cruz to second. Schoop popped out to second. Flaherty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Castellanos singled to left center. Romine reached on bunt single to pitcher, Castellanos to second. Davis homered to left (357 feet), Castellanos and Romine scored. Kinsler flied out to left. Hunter homered to left (417 feet). Stinson pitching for Orioles. Cabrera singled to center. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera out at second. Martinez stole second. Jackson flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Smyly pitching for Tigers. Lombardozzi singled to right. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lombardozzi safe at second on error by shortstop Romine. Lough fouled out to left. Jones flied out to right, Lombardozzi to third. Davis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Stinson pitching for Orioles. Avila grounded out to first. Castellanos hit by pitch. Romine grounded out to second, Castellanos to second. Davis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Smyly pitching for Tigers. Cruz walked. Clevenger grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Cruz out at second. Schoop struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Stinson pitching for Orioles. Kinsler singled to left center. Hunter singled to right, Kinsler to second. Cabrera singled to left center, Kinsler scored, Hunter to second. Martinez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second, Hunter to third. Jackson flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Smyly pitching for Tigers. Flaherty struck out looking. Lombardozzi flied out to center. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Webb pitching for Orioles. Avila grounded out to first. Castellanos grounded out to third. Romine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Krol pitching for Tigers. Pearce hit for Lough. Pearce struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Davis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Pearce in left field. Webb pitching for Orioles. Davis grounded out to second. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Hunter singled to left center. Cabrera homered to left (398 feet), Hunter scored. Martinez singled to left. Jackson singled to left, Martinez to second. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Avila struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Collins in right field. Kelly at first base. Chamberlain pitching for Tigers. Cruz singled to left center. Clevenger tripled to deep center, Cruz scored. Schoop singled to center, Clevenger scored. Flaherty struck out swinging. Lombardozzi singled to center, Schoop to second. Markakis popped out to shortstop. Pearce grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 4 - Tigers 10.	Cabrera homers on 2,000th hit as Tigers roll