Orioles - Top 1st. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis struck out looking. Cruz flied out to center. Davis homered to center (444 feet). Jones flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Reyes grounded out to first. Cabrera doubled to right. Bautista struck out swinging. Encarnacion popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Wieters grounded out to first. Hardy flied out to center. Flaherty grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Francisco hit by pitch. Navarro singled to right, Francisco to third. Rasmus grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Francisco out at home, Navarro to second. Lawrie homered to left (400 feet), Navarro and Rasmus scored. Goins walked. Reyes homered to right center (396 feet), Goins scored. Cabrera singled to shallow right. Bautista walked, Cabrera to second. Encarnacion singled to shallow left, Cabrera scored, Bautista to second. Francisco struck out looking. Navarro flied out to left. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Schoop doubled to deep left. Lough struck out looking. Markakis singled to center, Schoop scored. Markakis caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Cruz homered to left (410 feet). Davis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Rasmus struck out swinging. Lawrie struck out swinging. Goins grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Jones struck out swinging. Wieters struck out swinging. Hardy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Reyes struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. Bautista singled to right. Encarnacion lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Flaherty walked. Schoop reached on infield single to shortstop, Flaherty to second. Lough hit by pitch, Flaherty to third, Schoop to second. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis popped out to shortstop. Cruz homered to left (448 feet), Flaherty, Schoop and Lough scored. Davis singled to center. Jones singled to center, Davis to second. Wieters doubled to deep center, Davis scored, Jones to third. Hardy hit sacrifice fly to left, Jones scored, Wieters to third. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Flaherty walked. Schoop struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Francisco struck out swinging. Navarro flied out to left. Rasmus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Lough bunt grounded out to pitcher. Markakis singled to center. Cruz struck out looking. Davis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Lawrie flied out to right. Goins homered to right (401 feet). Reyes popped out to second. Cabrera singled to shallow center. Webb pitching for Orioles. Bautista walked, Cabrera to second. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Jones struck out swinging. Wieters homered to left (361 feet). Hardy grounded out to second. Flaherty flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Francisco struck out swinging. Navarro singled to shallow right. Rasmus flied out to center. Lawrie reached on infield single to third, Navarro to second. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Thole hit for Goins. Thole singled to shallow right center, Navarro scored, Lawrie to second. Diaz ran for Thole. Reyes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Diaz at second base. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Schoop walked. Lough sacrificed to pitcher, Schoop to second. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis flied out to left. Cruz intentionally walked. Davis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Cabrera struck out swinging. Bautista singled to shallow left center. Encarnacion grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bautista out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Santos pitching for Blue Jays. Jones flied out to right. Wieters singled to center. Hardy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wieters out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Francisco struck out looking. Navarro singled to shallow left. Rasmus singled to shallow right center, Navarro to second. Lawrie singled to right, Navarro to third, Rasmus to second. Diaz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lawrie out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 10 - Blue Jays 8.	Cruz hits 2 homers as Orioles beat Blue Jays 10-8