Indians - Top 1st. Chen pitching for Orioles. Bourn grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Brantley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Markakis singled to right. Machado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Chen pitching for Orioles. Raburn homered to left center (381 feet). Swisher flied out to center. Gomes singled to shallow left. Santana grounded out to third, Gomes to second. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Davis flied out to right. Cruz singled to right. Clevenger grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cruz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Chen pitching for Orioles. Aviles flied out to left. Bourn reached on infield single to third. Cabrera flied out to right. Brantley tripled to right, Bourn scored. Brantley scored on Chen's wild pitch. Raburn struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Flaherty doubled to left. Lough struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Swisher singled to shallow right center. Gomes grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Swisher out at second. Santana flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Machado singled to center. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Machado out at second. Davis flied out to center, Jones to second. Cruz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Murphy flied out to center. Aviles lined out to first. Bourn grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Clevenger walked. Hardy hit by pitch, Clevenger to second. Flaherty hit by pitch, Clevenger to third, Hardy to second. Lough grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Clevenger out at home, Hardy to third, Flaherty to second. Markakis lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Cabrera grounded out to third. Brantley grounded out to second. Raburn grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Machado flied out to center. Jones doubled to deep right center. Davis struck out looking. Jones to third on wild pitch by Masterson. Cruz walked. Clevenger singled to shallow center, Jones scored, Cruz to second, Cruz to third advancing on play. Hardy singled to center, Cruz scored, Clevenger to second. Flaherty homered to right (358 feet), Clevenger and Hardy scored. Lough walked. Lowe pitching for Indians. Lough caught stealing second, catcher to second. Markakis batting. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Gomes singled to left. Santana reached on infield single to shortstop, Gomes to third. Murphy grounded out to second, Gomes scored, Santana to second. Aviles singled to left, Santana scored. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Bourn singled to right center, Aviles to third. Cabrera flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Lowe pitching for Indians. Markakis struck out looking. Machado safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera. Jones safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Santana, Machado to third. Davis intentionally walked. Cruz hit sacrifice fly to center, Machado scored, Jones to third. Rzepczynski pitching for Indians. Clevenger grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Brantley struck out swinging. Chisenhall hit for Raburn. Chisenhall homered to right (371 feet). Swisher struck out swinging. Gomes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Rzepczynski pitching for Indians. Hardy reached on infield single to third. Flaherty struck out bunting foul. Allen pitching for Indians. Pearce popped out to third. Markakis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Santana struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. Aviles fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Allen pitching for Indians. Machado flied out to right. Jones singled to center. Jones to second on wild pitch by Allen. Davis struck out swinging. Cruz intentionally walked. Clevenger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 10th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Bourn singled to shallow center. Sellers sacrificed to pitcher, Bourn to second. Brantley grounded out to second, Bourn to third. Chisenhall grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 10th. Axford pitching for Indians. Hardy struck out swinging. Flaherty flied out to left. Pearce singled to left. Markakis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 11th. Guilmet pitching for Orioles. Swisher struck out looking. Gomes grounded out to third. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 11th. Outman pitching for Indians. Machado struck out swinging. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop. Davis grounded into double play, first to third to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 12th. Guilmet pitching for Orioles. Murphy popped out to third. Aviles grounded out to third. Bourn flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 12th. Outman pitching for Indians. Cruz walked. Clevenger grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Cruz out at second. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Clevenger out at second. Flaherty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 13th. Guilmet pitching for Orioles. Sellers flied out to second. Patton pitching for Orioles. Brantley singled to center. Chisenhall reached on bunt single to first, Brantley to second. Swisher walked, Brantley to third, Chisenhall to second. Gomes flied out to right. Santana doubled to left, Brantley and Chisenhall scored, Swisher to third. Murphy walked. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to third, Murphy out at second, Santana to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 13th. Atchison pitching for Indians. Pearce flied out to left. Markakis homered to right center (370 feet). Schoop flied out to center. Jones flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 8 - Orioles 7.	Indians beat Orioles 8-7 in 13 innings