Indians - Top 1st. Norris pitching for Orioles. Bourn walked. Aviles struck out swinging. Bourn stole second. Brantley struck out swinging. Chisenhall flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. House pitching for Indians. Markakis singled to left. Schoop grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second. Jones doubled to deep right. Davis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Norris pitching for Orioles. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Santana struck out swinging. Giambi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. House pitching for Indians. Cruz homered to right center (400 feet). Hardy walked. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hardy out at second. Flaherty grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Young out at second. Joseph grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Flaherty out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Norris pitching for Orioles. Gomes flied out to right. Sellers flied out to center. Bourn singled to center. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bourn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. House pitching for Indians. Markakis singled to left. Schoop flied out to right. Jones hit by pitch, Markakis to second. Davis doubled to deep right, Markakis and Jones scored. Cruz intentionally walked. Hardy reached on infield single to shortstop, Davis hit by batted ball out at third, Cruz to second. Young fouled out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Norris pitching for Orioles. Brantley singled to right. Chisenhall doubled to deep center, Brantley scored. Murphy grounded out to shortstop, Chisenhall to third. Santana walked. Giambi homered to left (356 feet), Chisenhall and Santana scored. Gomes struck out looking. Sellers singled to left center. Sellers caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Bourn batting. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. House pitching for Indians. Flaherty grounded out to second. Joseph flied out to center. Markakis doubled to deep left. Schoop grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Norris pitching for Orioles. Bourn bunt grounded out to catcher. Aviles struck out swinging. Brantley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. House pitching for Indians. Jones singled to shallow right. Davis homered to right (411 feet), Jones scored. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Hardy reached on infield single to pitcher. Young grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hardy out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Norris pitching for Orioles. Chisenhall doubled to deep right. Murphy flied out to right, Chisenhall to third. Santana struck out swinging. Giambi intentionally walked. Gomes lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. House pitching for Indians. Flaherty reached on bunt single to third, Flaherty out stretching at second. Joseph grounded out to third. Markakis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Sellers flied out to right. Bourn walked. Aviles grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bourn out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Lowe pitching for Indians. Schoop flied out to center. Jones doubled to left. Davis intentionally walked. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jones scored on throwing error by pitcher Lowe, Davis safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Lowe. Hardy grounded out to third, Davis scored, Cruz to third. Young doubled to deep left, Cruz scored. Flaherty intentionally walked. Joseph fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 8th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Brantley flied out to center. Chisenhall flied out to left. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Markakis singled to center. Schoop grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Santana doubled to left. Raburn hit for Giambi. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Raburn flied out to right, Santana to third. Gomes grounded out to pitcher. Sellers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 4 - Orioles 8.	Davis' 4 RBIs carry Orioles past Indians 8-4