Rangers - Top 1st. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Choo singled to left. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to second, Choo out at second. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to third, Andrus out at second. Beltre flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Markakis flied out to right. Pearce homered to left (337 feet). Jones flied out to center. Cruz homered to center (424 feet). Davis struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Chirinos singled to left. Gimenez doubled to right, Chirinos to third. Rosales doubled to right, Chirinos and Gimenez scored. Odor flied out to left. Robertson grounded out to second, Rosales to third. Choo grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Schoop singled to center. Flaherty lined out to shortstop. Joseph homered to left (366 feet), Schoop scored. Markakis flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Rios singled to right center. Beltre grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rios out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Pearce popped out to shortstop. Jones flied out to right. Cruz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Chirinos struck out swinging. Gimenez grounded out to third. Rosales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Davis grounded out to pitcher. Hardy singled to left. Schoop singled to center, Hardy to second. Flaherty walked, Hardy to third, Schoop to second. Joseph grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hardy scored, Schoop to third, Flaherty safe at second on error by shortstop Andrus. Markakis doubled to deep right, Schoop and Flaherty scored, Joseph to third. Pearce hit sacrifice fly to left, Joseph scored. Jones grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 5th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Odor reached on infield single to catcher. Robertson reached on infield single to second, Odor to second. Choo flied out to left. Andrus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Robertson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Cruz grounded out to third. Davis lined out to second. Hardy popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Webb pitching for Orioles. Rios singled to left center. Beltre singled to center, Rios to second. Chirinos grounded out to third, Rios to third, Beltre to second. Gimenez grounded out to second, Rios scored, Beltre to third. Rosales flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Poreda pitching for Rangers. Schoop grounded out to second. Flaherty struck out swinging. Joseph flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Odor singled to center. Robertson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Odor out at second. Choo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Robertson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Poreda pitching for Rangers. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Frasor pitching for Rangers. Pearce grounded out to shortstop. Jones doubled to deep left. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Andrus struck out swinging. Rios struck out swinging. Beltre hit by pitch. Chirinos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Davis safe at second on error by center fielder Robertson. Hardy flied out to center. Schoop grounded out to third. Flaherty hit by pitch. Joseph walked, Davis to third, Flaherty to second. Markakis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 9th. Lough in left field. Britton pitching for Orioles. Gimenez grounded out to shortstop. Rosales struck out swinging. Odor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 3 - Orioles 8.	Orioles hit 3 HRs, cruise past sinking Rangers 8-3