Orioles - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Montanez singled to center. Wigginton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Montanez out at second. Markakis singled to left, Markakis advanced to second on play. Wieters singled to center, Markakis scored. Scott grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Suzuki lined out to first. Figgins struck out swinging. Gutierrez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Jones grounded out to third. Atkins struck out swinging. Turner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Lopez flied out to center. Kotchman lined out to center. Sweeney grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Izturis grounded out to third. Montanez singled to center. Wigginton grounded into double play, third to second to first, Montanez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Tuiasosopo grounded out to third. Johnson singled to left. Johnson stole second. Ja Wilson hit by pitch. Suzuki flied out to left. Figgins lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Markakis grounded out to first. Wieters safe at first on error by second baseman Figgins. Scott flied out to center. Jones grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Gutierrez flied out to center. Lopez walked. Kotchman singled to center, Lopez to second. Sweeney flied out to right. Tuiasosopo singled to right, Lopez to third, Kotchman to second. Johnson reached on infield single to second, Lopez scored, Kotchman to third, Tuiasosopo to second. Ja Wilson doubled to deep right center, Kotchman, Tuiasosopo and Johnson scored. Suzuki intentionally walked. Figgins walked, Ja Wilson to third, Suzuki to second. Gutierrez flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Atkins singled to shallow center. Turner struck out swinging. Izturis reached on bunt single to pitcher, Atkins to second. Montanez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Izturis out at second, Atkins to third. Wigginton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Kotchman singled to left. Sweeney grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kotchman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Markakis singled to left center. Wieters grounded into fielder's choice to second, Markakis out at first. Scott flied out to center. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Tuiasosopo flied out to left. Johnson flied out to right. Ja Wilson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. Turner grounded out to pitcher. Izturis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Suzuki grounded out to first. Figgins grounded out to second. Gutierrez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Montanez grounded out to second. Wigginton struck out swinging. Markakis singled to left. Wieters grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Lopez safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton. Kotchman struck out looking. Sweeney flied out to center. Tuiasosopo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Scott lined out to left. Jones flied out to right. Atkins singled to center. Reimold hit for Turner. Reimold struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 1 - Mariners 4.	Hernandez's gem sparks M's sweep of O's