Mariners - Top 1st. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Suzuki lined out to left. Figgins flied out to center. Kotchman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Patterson grounded out to first. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Markakis singled to right. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Lopez grounded out to third. Tuiasosopo safe at first on error by third baseman Tejada. Langerhans singled to left, Tuiasosopo to second. Jo Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Langerhans out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Wigginton singled to center. Wieters struck out swinging. Scott grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wigginton out at second. Atkins walked, Scott to second. Izturis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Moore grounded out to third. Saunders grounded out to second. Suzuki doubled to deep center. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Patterson singled to right. Jones singled to left, Patterson to second. Markakis struck out swinging. Tejada doubled to deep right center, Patterson and Jones scored. Wigginton flied out to center. Wieters singled to center, Tejada thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Kotchman walked. Lopez singled to right, Kotchman to second. Tuiasosopo sacrificed to catcher, Kotchman to third, Lopez to second. Langerhans intentionally walked. Jo Wilson grounded into double play, third to first, Lopez out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Scott homered to right (379 feet). Snell pitching for Mariners. Atkins grounded out to first. Izturis grounded out to pitcher. Patterson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Moore grounded out to pitcher. Saunders bunt grounded out to catcher. Suzuki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Snell pitching for Mariners. Jones singled to left. Markakis fouled out to left. Tejada struck out swinging. Wigginton safe at first on error by third baseman Tuiasosopo, Jones to second. Wieters grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Kotchman grounded out to first. Lopez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Snell pitching for Mariners. Scott doubled to deep right center. Atkins doubled to deep right, Scott to third. Izturis hit sacrifice fly to center, Scott scored. Patterson flied out to right. Jones singled to right center, Atkins scored. Markakis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Tuiasosopo struck out swinging. Langerhans struck out swinging. Jo Wilson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. White pitching for Mariners. Tejada reached on infield single to third. Wigginton struck out swinging. Wieters grounded out to pitcher, Tejada to second. Scott grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Lugo at second base. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Moore struck out swinging. Saunders grounded out to first. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Suzuki stole second. Figgins singled to left, Suzuki scored. Ohman pitching for Orioles. Kotchman singled to deep right, Figgins to third. Uehara pitching for Orioles. Lopez flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Colome pitching for Mariners. Atkins struck out swinging. Izturis grounded out to second. Texeira pitching for Mariners. Patterson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Uehara pitching for Orioles. Tuiasosopo walked. Langerhans singled to right, Tuiasosopo to third. Simon pitching for Orioles. Jo Wilson struck out swinging. Griffey Jr hit for Moore. Griffey Jr hit sacrifice fly to right, Tuiasosopo scored. Langerhans to second on fielder's indifference. Saunders flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 2 - Orioles 5.	O's become last team in majors with 10 wins