Mariners - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Suzuki flied out to center. Figgins fouled out to right. Gutierrez walked. Gutierrez stole second, Gutierrez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Suzuki. Lopez singled to right, Gutierrez scored. Lopez stole second. Griffey Jr fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Pennington struck out swinging. Barton doubled to deep right. Suzuki flied out to left. Kouzmanoff homered to right (396 feet), Barton scored. Sweeney doubled to right. Fox struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Tuiasosopo struck out looking. Kotchman flied out to center. Jo Wilson walked. Bard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Cust singled to deep right. Rosales singled to center, Cust to second. Davis doubled to left, Cust and Rosales scored. Pennington reached on bunt single to catcher, Davis to third. Barton hit sacrifice fly to center, Davis scored. Suzuki flied out to center. Pennington stole second. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Figgins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. Gutierrez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Sweeney singled to left. Fox grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sweeney out at second. Cust singled to center. Rosales homered to left (401 feet), Cust scored. Snell pitching for Mariners. Davis reached on infield single to shortstop. Davis stole second. Pennington flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Griffey Jr flied out to center. Tuiasosopo homered to center (403). Kotchman grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Snell pitching for Mariners. Barton singled to center. Suzuki flied out to right. Kouzmanoff safe at first on error by third baseman Lopez, Barton to second. Sweeney grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kouzmanoff out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Jo Wilson grounded out to first. Bard flied out to left. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Snell pitching for Mariners. Fox fouled out to first. Cust struck out swinging. Rosales singled to center. Davis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Figgins walked. Gutierrez walked, Figgins to second. Lopez singled to left, Figgins scored, Gutierrez to second. Griffey Jr grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lopez out at second, Gutierrez to third. Tuiasosopo flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Snell pitching for Mariners. Pennington flied out to right. Barton tripled to deep right. Suzuki singled to center, Barton scored. Colome pitching for Mariners. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, third to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Kotchman grounded out to shortstop. Jo Wilson flied out to center. Bard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Colome pitching for Mariners. Sweeney popped out to shortstop. Fox grounded out to second. Cust struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Patterson in left field. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to left. Figgins singled to center, Suzuki to second. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Gutierrez flied out to center, Suzuki to third. Lopez grounded out to pitcher, Suzuki scored, Figgins to second. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Griffey Jr grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. White pitching for Mariners. Rosales grounded out to third. Davis struck out swinging. Pennington struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Tuiasosopo struck out swinging. Kotchman grounded out to second. Jo Wilson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 4 - Athletics 8.	Athletics end five-game skid with win over M's