Yankees - Top 1st. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Jeter grounded out to third. Swisher reached on infield single to third. Teixeira singled to left, Swisher to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Swisher to third, Teixeira safe at second on error by second baseman Figgins. Cano hit sacrifice fly to right, Swisher scored. Posada singled to center, Teixeira scored, Rodriguez to second. Thames struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Suzuki grounded out to first. Figgins struck out swinging. Gutierrez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Granderson grounded out to first. Gardner hit by pitch. Jeter flied out to center. Swisher grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gardner out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Lopez lined out to first. Kotchman singled to left. Smoak singled to left, Kotchman to second. Bard flied out to left. Ja Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Smoak out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Teixeira doubled to left. Rodriguez fouled out to first, Teixeira to third. Teixeira scored on Rowland-Smith's wild pitch. Cano popped out to shortstop. Posada grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Saunders bunt popped out to first. Suzuki grounded out to first. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Thames singled to left. Granderson grounded out to pitcher, Thames to second. Gardner walked. Thames to third, Gardner to second on passed ball by Bard. Jeter doubled to deep right, Thames and Gardner scored. Jeter to third on wild pitch by Rowland-Smith. Swisher fouled out to first. Teixeira doubled to deep left center, Jeter scored. Rodriguez flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Gutierrez lined out to second. Lopez lined out to pitcher. Kotchman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Sweeney pitching for Mariners. Cano doubled to deep right. Posada flied out to left. Thames homered to left (409 feet), Cano scored. Granderson singled to right. Gardner lined out to left. Jeter flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Smoak fouled out to catcher. Bard grounded out to third. Ja Wilson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Sweeney pitching for Mariners. Swisher flied out to center. Teixeira flied out to right. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Saunders singled to center. Suzuki singled to center, Saunders to second. Figgins singled to right, Saunders scored, Suzuki to third. Gutierrez lined out to shortstop. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Figgins out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. White pitching for Mariners. Cano flied out to right. Posada doubled to deep center. Thames struck out swinging. Granderson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Kotchman doubled to right. Smoak fouled out to catcher. Bard walked. Ja Wilson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. League pitching for Mariners. Gardner walked. Jeter struck out swinging. Swisher popped out to shortstop. Teixeira singled to right, Gardner to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Teixeira out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Gaudin pitching for Yankees. Saunders fouled out to left. Suzuki struck out swinging. Figgins lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Langerhans in right field. Aardsma pitching for Mariners. Cano grounded out to first. Posada struck out looking. Thames flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Pena at shortstop. Russo at third base. Moseley pitching for Yankees. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. Lopez grounded out to third. Kotchman homered to right (405 feet). Smoak popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 8 - Mariners 2.	Sabathia wins 8th straight as Yanks drub M's