Mariners - Top 1st. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Figgins flied out to center. Gutierrez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Fister pitching for Mariners. Aybar singled to right. Kendrick grounded out to third, Aybar to second. Abreu doubled to deep left center, Aybar scored. Hunter grounded out to second, Abreu to third. Matsui grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Lopez doubled to deep left center. Bradley flied out to left. Smoak struck out swinging. Saunders walked. Johnson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Fister pitching for Mariners. Rivera flied out to center. McAnulty reached on infield single to shortstop. Frandsen singled to left, McAnulty to second. Mathis singled to center, McAnulty to third, Frandsen to second. Aybar singled to right, McAnulty and Frandsen scored, Mathis to third. Kendrick doubled to deep right, Mathis scored, Aybar thrown out at home. Abreu struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Ja Wilson popped out to third. Suzuki grounded out to second. Figgins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Fister pitching for Mariners. Hunter grounded out to third. Matsui struck out swinging. Rivera singled to center. McAnulty singled to right, Rivera to third. Frandsen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Gutierrez singled to left. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gutierrez out at second. Bradley grounded out to first, Lopez to second. Smoak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Fister pitching for Mariners. Mathis flied out to left. Aybar flied out to center. Kendrick grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Saunders reached on bunt single to catcher. Johnson singled to center, Saunders to second. Ja Wilson singled to center, Saunders to third, Johnson to second. Suzuki doubled to deep right center, Saunders, Johnson and Ja Wilson scored. Figgins grounded out to second, Suzuki to third. Gutierrez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at home. Lopez grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 5th. Fister pitching for Mariners. Abreu walked. Hunter grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Abreu out at second. Matsui reached on infield single to first. Rivera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Bradley flied out to center. Smoak flied out to right. Saunders grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Fister pitching for Mariners. McAnulty flied out to left. Frandsen grounded out to second. Mathis doubled to left. Aybar singled to left center, Mathis scored. Sweeney pitching for Mariners. Kendrick doubled to shallow left center, Aybar to third. Abreu singled to center, Aybar and Kendrick scored. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Abreu out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Johnson struck out looking. Ja Wilson lined out to center. Suzuki lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Sweeney pitching for Mariners. Matsui fouled out to catcher. Rivera reached on infield single to third. McAnulty grounded out to third, Rivera to second. Wright pitching for Mariners. Frandsen walked. Mathis singled to center, Rivera scored, Frandsen to third. Aybar fouled out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Napoli at first base. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Gutierrez doubled to deep center. Lopez flied out to left. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Olson pitching for Mariners. Kendrick grounded out to first. Abreu struck out swinging. Hunter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Smoak struck out swinging. Saunders flied out to right. Kotchman hit for Johnson. Kotchman walked. Ja Wilson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Angels 8.	Pineiro reels off 7th straight win as Angels roll