Mariners - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Figgins flied out to right. Gutierrez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Aybar grounded out to third. Kendrick struck out looking. Abreu safe at first on error by first baseman Smoak. Abreu stole second. Hunter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Lopez flied out to right. Bradley grounded out to third. Smoak doubled to deep left. Langerhans singled to left, Smoak to third. Smoak scored, Langerhans caught stealing second, Langerhans safe at second on error by Kendrick. Bard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Napoli singled to center. Rivera singled to left, Napoli to second. Frandsen singled to left, Napoli scored, Rivera to second. Wood sacrificed to pitcher, Rivera to third, Frandsen to second, Wood safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Rowland-Smith. Rivera to third on throwing error by pitcher Rowland-Smith. Willits singled to center, Rivera and Frandsen scored, Wood to second. Aybar fouled out to catcher. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to second, Willits out at second, Wood to third, Wood scored on throwing error by shortstop Ja Wilson. Abreu grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Ja Wilson singled to left. Suzuki singled to center, Ja Wilson thrown out at third. Figgins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Napoli homered to center (408 feet). Rivera doubled to deep left. Frandsen doubled to deep left, Rivera scored. Wood struck out swinging. Willits grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Gutierrez doubled to deep center. Lopez doubled to deep right center, Gutierrez scored. Bradley singled to left, Lopez to third. Smoak singled to left, Lopez scored, Bradley to second. Langerhans grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Smoak out at second, Bradley to third. Bard singled to left, Bradley scored, Langerhans to second. Ja Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bard out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Aybar flied out to left. Kendrick walked. Abreu singled to right, Kendrick to third. Seddon pitching for Mariners. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kendrick out at home, Abreu to second. Napoli flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to second. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Seddon pitching for Mariners. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Frandsen grounded out to second. Wood grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Lopez flied out to right. Bradley struck out swinging. Smoak homered to left (399 feet). Langerhans struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Sweeney pitching for Mariners. Willits singled to left. Aybar sacrificed to third, Willits to second. Kendrick struck out swinging. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Bard homered to right (409 feet). Ja Wilson struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to second. Figgins grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Sweeney pitching for Mariners. Hunter flied out to left. Napoli grounded out to pitcher. Rivera homered to left center (408 feet). League pitching for Mariners. Frandsen grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Rodney pitching for Angels. Gutierrez flied out to left. Lopez doubled to deep right. Bradley grounded out to first, Lopez to third. Smoak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. League pitching for Mariners. Wood struck out swinging. Willits struck out swinging. Aybar hit by pitch. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Angels. Langerhans walked. Bard grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Langerhans out at second. Ja Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Angels 7.	Angels recover to slip by M's after blowing lead