Mariners - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Suzuki doubled to right. Figgins bunt popped out foul to catcher. Kotchman doubled to left center, Suzuki scored. Gutierrez lined out to left. Saunders grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Pauley pitching for Mariners. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Vizquel singled to center. Rios grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vizquel out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Smoak grounded out to shortstop. Jo Wilson hit by pitch. Johnson struck out swinging, Jo Wilson stole second. Ja Wilson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Pauley pitching for Mariners. Konerko popped out to third. Quentin grounded out to shortstop. Kotsay flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Suzuki doubled to deep left. Figgins reached on bunt single to pitcher, Suzuki to third. Figgins caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop to first to second. Kotchman hit sacrifice fly to left, Suzuki scored. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Pauley pitching for Mariners. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop. Castro singled to left, Ramirez to third. Beckham walked, Castro to second. Pierre doubled to left, Ramirez and Castro scored, Beckham to third. Vizquel singled to right, Beckham scored, Pierre to third. Rios grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pierre scored, Vizquel out at second. Konerko walked. Quentin singled to left, Konerko to second. Seddon pitching for Mariners. Kotsay grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Saunders flied out to right. Smoak grounded out to first. Jo Wilson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Seddon pitching for Mariners. Ramirez flied out to right. Castro homered to left center (397 feet). Beckham doubled to deep left. Pierre grounded out to shortstop, Beckham to third. Vizquel grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Johnson struck out swinging. Ja Wilson flied out to center. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Seddon pitching for Mariners. Rios flied out to center. Konerko walked. Quentin grounded into double play, third to second to first, Konerko out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Figgins grounded out to second. Kotchman doubled to deep left center. Gutierrez singled to center, Kotchman to third. Saunders singled to right, Kotchman scored, Gutierrez to third. Saunders stole second. Smoak popped out to shortstop. Jo Wilson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Seddon pitching for Mariners. Kotsay flied out to center. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Castro homered to left (415 feet). Beckham singled to right. Pierre walked, Beckham to second. Olson pitching for Mariners. Vizquel singled to left, Beckham scored, Pierre to third, Vizquel to second advancing on throw. Rios fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Putz pitching for White Sox. Johnson grounded out to third. Ja Wilson singled to center. Suzuki doubled to deep left, Ja Wilson scored. Figgins walked, Suzuki stole third. Figgins batting. Suzuki scored, Figgins to second on wild pitch by Putz. Kotchman struck out looking. Gutierrez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Olson pitching for Mariners. Konerko homered to left (409 feet). Quentin homered to left (419 feet). Kotsay flied out to center. Ramirez lined out to left. Castro lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Jones in right field. Threets pitching for White Sox. Saunders reached on infield single to second. Smoak grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Saunders out at second. Jo Wilson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Aardsma pitching for Mariners. Beckham struck out swinging. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Vizquel walked. Rios flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Linebrink pitching for White Sox. Langerhans hit for Johnson. Langerhans struck out looking. Ja Wilson flied out to left. Suzuki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - White Sox 9.	White Sox beat M's; home win streak at 11