Cardinals - Top 1st . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Wong singled to center . Edman flied out to right . Wong picked off and caught stealing second . Goldschmidt fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Happ doubled to deep left . Bryant singled to left center , Happ to third . Rizzo grounded into double play , second to first , Happ scored , Bryant out at second . Báez reached on infield single to third . Schwarber popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Miller flied out to left . DeJong lined out to left . Molina popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Contreras lined out to center . Caratini grounded out to second . Maybin lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Carpenter struck out swinging . O'Neill grounded out to pitcher . Bader doubled to deep left . Wong reached on infield single to shortstop , Bader to third . Edman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Kipnis singled to right center . Happ walked , Kipnis to second . Bryant grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Happ out at second , Kipnis to third . Rizzo hit sacrifice fly to center , Kipnis scored . Báez reached on infield single to catcher , Bryant to second . Schwarber walked , Báez to second , Bryant to third . Contreras grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Goldschmidt singled to right . Miller grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Goldschmidt out at second . DeJong grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Caratini grounded out to second . Maybin doubled to left . Kipnis doubled to shallow left , Maybin scored . Happ walked . Bryant popped out to second . Rizzo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Molina grounded out to second . Carpenter grounded out to first . O'Neill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Báez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Carpenter . Schwarber grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Báez safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Wong , Schwarber second , Báez safe at third on error . Contreras singled to left , Báez scored and Schwarber scored . Contreras to second on wild pitch by Oviedo . Caratini flied out to left . Maybin struck out looking . Martínez hit for Kipnis . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Martínez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Hoerner at second base . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Bader popped out to third . Wong hit by pitch . Edman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wong out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Wieters catching . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Happ walked . Bryant flied out to right . Rizzo popped out to second . Báez singled to right , Happ to second . Schwarber struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Goldschmidt singled to center . Miller grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Goldschmidt out at second . DeJong singled to right center , Miller to second . Wieters singled to center , Miller scored , DeJong to second . Carpenter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wieters out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Elledge pitching for Cardinals . Contreras walked . Caratini grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Contreras out at second . Maybin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . O'Neill grounded out to pitcher . Bader struck out looking . Wong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Kaminsky pitching for Cardinals . Hoerner grounded out to second . Happ grounded out to shortstop . Bryant singled to center . Rizzo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Wick pitching for Cubs . Edman grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt flied out to right . Miller flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 1 - Cubs 5 .	Hendricks goes 8 innings , Cubs beat Cardinals 5 - 1