Mets - Top 1st . Millwood pitching for Orioles . Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop . Pagan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reyes out at second . Wright homered to left center ( 404 feet ) , Pagan scored . Davis singled to right center . Bay walked , Davis to second . Carter homered to right center ( 416 feet ) , Davis and Bay scored . Feliciano singled to center . Cora singled to left , Feliciano to third . Blanco grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cora out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Patterson singled to left . Tejada singled to center , Patterson to second . Markakis flied out to right , Patterson to third . Wigginton walked , Tejada to second . Scott hit sacrifice fly to left , Patterson scored . Jones singled to left , Tejada scored , Wigginton to second . Wieters flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Millwood pitching for Orioles . Reyes struck out swinging . Pagan grounded out to shortstop . Wright doubled to deep left . Davis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Moore singled to right center . Lugo reached on infield single to third , Moore to second . Patterson sacrificed to first , Moore to third , Lugo to second . Tejada hit sacrifice fly to right , Moore scored . Markakis flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Millwood pitching for Orioles . Bay singled to right center . Carter popped out to second . Feliciano grounded out to second , Bay to second . Cora singled to left , Bay scored , Cora to second advancing on throw . Blanco struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Wigginton flied out to right . Scott flied out to center . Jones singled to center . Wieters popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Millwood pitching for Orioles . Reyes struck out swinging . Pagan grounded out to second . Wright struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Moore reached on infield single to first . Lugo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Moore out at second . Patterson reached on infield single to pitcher . Patterson stole second . Tejada walked . Markakis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Millwood pitching for Orioles . Davis grounded out to first . Bay homered to center ( 407 feet ) . Carter popped out to second . Feliciano flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Wigginton struck out swinging . Scott doubled to deep left center . Jones grounded out to first , Scott to third . Wieters grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Millwood pitching for Orioles . Cora lined out to shortstop . Blanco singled to left . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Reyes reached on bunt single to pitcher , Blanco to second , Blanco to third on throwing error by pitcher Hendrickson . Pagan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blanco scored , Reyes out at second . Wright homered to left ( 386 feet ) , Pagan scored . Davis grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Moore walked . Lugo flied out to center . Patterson flied out to left . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Bay doubled to deep right . Tatis hit for Carter . Tatis struck out looking . Feliciano singled to left , Bay to third . Cora hit sacrifice fly to left , Bay scored , Feliciano to second . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Blanco flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Mejia pitching for Mets . Markakis grounded out to pitcher . Wigginton grounded out to pitcher . Scott singled to right . Scott to second on wild pitch by Mejia . Jones singled to center , Scott scored . Wieters grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Pagan doubled to deep left center . Wright flied out to center . Davis popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Igarashi pitching for Mets . Moore flied out to left . Lugo flied out to right . Patterson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Montanez in right field . Albers pitching for Orioles . Bay reached on infield single to third . Tatis struck out swinging . Feliciano grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bay out at second . Cora reached on infield single to pitcher , Feliciano to second . Blanco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Valdes pitching for Mets . Tejada safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes . Montanez fouled out to first . Wigginton popped out to second . Scott flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Mets 11 - Orioles 4 .	Mets rip O 's for first 3 - game road sweep of year