Mets - Top 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Pagan popped out to shortstop . Cora walked . Wright struck out swinging . Cora stole second , Cora safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rodriguez . Davis walked . Bay doubled to deep right center , Cora scored , Davis to third . Thole walked . Francoeur flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Mets . Morgan flied out to left . Harris struck out swinging . Zimmerman fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Tejada struck out swinging . Dickey struck out swinging . Pagan bunt popped out foul to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Mets . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham struck out looking . Rodriguez doubled to left . Kennedy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Cora grounded out to first . Wright singled to center . Davis reached on infield single to third , Wright to second . Bay struck out swinging . Thole singled to center , Wright scored , Davis to second . Francoeur popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Mets . Desmond singled to shallow left , Desmond out stretching at second . Strasburg grounded out to shortstop . Morgan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Tejada grounded out to third . Dickey grounded out to second . Pagan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Dickey pitching for Mets . Harris flied out to center . Zimmerman fouled out to catcher . Dunn singled to left . Willingham walked , Dunn to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Willingham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Cora grounded out to second . Wright grounded out to second . Davis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Dickey pitching for Mets . Kennedy grounded out to pitcher . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Martin hit for Strasburg . Martin grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Bay popped out to second . Thole grounded out to first . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Dickey pitching for Mets . Morgan grounded out to first . Harris walked . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harris safe at second on error by shortstop Tejada . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham singled to left , Harris scored , Zimmerman to second . Rodriguez singled to center , Zimmerman scored , Willingham to third . Kennedy grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 7th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Tejada struck out swinging . Dickey grounded out to first . Pagan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Dickey pitching for Mets . Desmond grounded out to third . Gonzalez hit for Storen . Gonzalez singled to center . Morgan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez out at second . Morgan stole second . Harris grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Cora tripled to deep center . Wright singled to left , Cora scored . Davis singled to left , Wright to second . Bay fouled out to first . Thole doubled to deep right , Wright scored , Davis to third . Francoeur intentionally walked . Tejada hit sacrifice fly to center , Davis scored , Thole to third . Carter hit for Dickey . Slaten pitching for Nationals . Tatis hit for Carter . Tatis grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Blanco catching . Parnell pitching for Mets . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Dunn singled to center . Willingham walked , Dunn to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Kennedy singled to center , Dunn scored , Willingham to second . Desmond struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Slaten pitching for Nationals . Pagan walked . Cora grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Pagan safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Slaten . Capps pitching for Nationals . Guzman at shortstop . Wright flied out to center , Pagan to third . Davis struck out swinging . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cora out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Mets . Guzman walked . Morgan grounded out to third , Guzman to second . Harris singled to right , Guzman to third . Zimmerman walked , Harris to second . Dunn doubled to deep center , Guzman and Harris scored , Zimmerman to third . Willingham intentionally walked . Rodriguez singled to right , Zimmerman scored , Dunn to third , Willingham to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 5 - Nationals 6 .	K - Rod falters , Mets lose \n\n