Mets - Top 1st . Medlen pitching for Braves . Reyes struck out looking . Pagan struck out swinging . Beltran grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Infante singled to center . Heyward grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Infante out at second . Jones singled to left . McCann doubled to deep right , Jones scored . Hinske flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Medlen pitching for Braves . Wright grounded out to second . Davis struck out swinging . Thole singled to center . Francoeur walked , Thole to second . Castillo singled to center , Thole scored , Francoeur to second , Francoeur to third on throwing error by center fielder Ankiel . Pelfrey grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Ankiel singled to deep right center . Ankiel picked off first . Gonzalez singled to center . Medlen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Medlen pitching for Braves . Reyes doubled to deep left . Pagan sacrificed to pitcher , Reyes to third . Beltran grounded out to first , Reyes scored . Wright grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Infante fouled out to first . Heyward grounded out to second . Jones homered to right ( 408 feet ) . McCann homered to right ( 398 feet ) . Hinske popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Medlen pitching for Braves . Davis flied out to left . Thole flied out to center . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Diaz flied out to center . Ankiel flied out to left . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Medlen pitching for Braves . Castillo singled to center . Pelfrey sacrificed to catcher , Castillo to second . Reyes fouled out to first . Dunn pitching for Braves . Pagan lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Dunn safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Reyes . Infante flied out to left . Heyward grounded out to shortstop , Dunn to third . Jones walked . McCann doubled to deep right , Dunn scored , Jones to third . Hinske intentionally walked . Diaz hit by pitch , Jones scored , McCann to third , Hinske to second . Takahashi pitching for Mets . Ankiel grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Top 6th . Dunn pitching for Braves . Beltran grounded out to pitcher . Wright fouled out to first . Davis walked . Thole walked , Davis to second . Moylan pitching for Braves . Cabrera in left field . Francoeur flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Takahashi pitching for Mets . Gonzalez fouled out to catcher . Cabrera safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Reyes . Infante singled to right , Cabrera to second . Heyward grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cabrera to third , Infante safe at second on error by first baseman Davis . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera and Infante scored on throwing error by third baseman Wright , Heyward safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Wright . McCann struck out swinging . Hinske grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 3 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Castillo walked . Carter hit for Takahashi . Carter grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Castillo out at second . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Carter safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Infante . Pagan hit sacrifice fly to center , Carter scored . Reyes stole second . Beltran walked . Wright grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltran out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 7th . Valdes pitching for Mets . Glaus hit for Moylan . Glaus walked . Ankiel struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Glaus out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Saito pitching for Braves . Davis singled to right . Thole grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Valdes pitching for Mets . Cabrera homered to left ( 390 feet ) . Infante flied out to right . Heyward grounded out to first . Jones singled to left . McCann grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Farnsworth pitching for Braves . Conrad at third base . Castillo lined out to center . Feliciano hit for Valdes . Feliciano singled to right . Reyes struck out swinging . Feliciano to second on fielder 's indifference . Pagan walked . Beltran grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 3 - Braves 8 .	Braves take advantage of Mets ' errors for win