Marlins - Top 1st. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Coghlan popped out to shortstop. Polanco singled to center. Stanton walked, Polanco to second. Dobbs singled to right, Polanco to third, Stanton to second. Ruggiano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco scored, Dobbs out at second, Stanton to third. Brantly doubled to deep center, Stanton and Ruggiano scored. Valaika flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Dozier flied out to center. Mauer grounded out to first. Arcia flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Mahoney singled to center. Solano singled to left, Mahoney to second. Coghlan singled to right, Mahoney to third, Solano to second. Polanco struck out swinging. Stanton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mahoney scored, Coghlan out at second, Solano to third. Dobbs popped out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Morneau flied out to right. Doumit flied out to center. Parmelee lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Ruggiano flied out to right. Brantly popped out to shortstop. Valaika flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Escobar singled to center. Hicks singled to right, Escobar to second. Carroll struck out looking. Dozier walked, Escobar to third, Hicks to second. Escobar scored, Hicks to third, Dozier to second on wild pitch by Nolasco. Mauer singled to right, Hicks scored, Dozier to third. Arcia safe at first on error by first baseman Mahoney, Dozier scored, Mauer to second. Morneau flied out to center. Mauer to third, Arcia to second on passed ball by Brantly. Doumit struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 4th. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Mahoney doubled to deep left. Solano grounded out to second, Mahoney to third. Coghlan grounded out to second. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Parmelee lined out to right. Escobar tripled to deep right center. Hicks struck out looking. Carroll grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Stanton doubled to deep center. Dobbs grounded out to second, Stanton to third. Ruggiano struck out swinging. Brantly doubled to right, Stanton scored. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Valaika walked. Mahoney grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Dozier flied out to center. Mauer singled to left. Arcia singled to left, Mauer to second. Morneau struck out swinging. Doumit grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Solano flied out to right. Coghlan grounded out to first. Polanco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Parmelee flied out to left. Escobar walked. Hicks walked, Escobar to second. Carroll singled to right, Escobar scored, Hicks to second. Dozier grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carroll out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Stanton flied out to right. Dobbs singled to deep right. Ruggiano singled to right center, Dobbs to third. Brantly singled to right, Dobbs scored, Ruggiano to third. Pressly pitching for Twins. Valaika singled to center, Ruggiano scored, Brantly to second. Mahoney flied out to left, Brantly out at third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. Arcia lined out to shortstop. Morneau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Pressly pitching for Twins. Solano singled to left. Coghlan flied out to center. Polanco grounded out to shortstop, Solano to second. Stanton singled to right, Solano scored. Dobbs flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Doumit doubled to left. Parmelee struck out swinging. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop, Doumit to third. Hicks hit sacrifice fly to right, Doumit scored. Carroll struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Ruggiano flied out to center. Brantly grounded out to second. Valaika singled to left center. Mahoney flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Mauer walked. Arcia struck out swinging. Mauer to second on fielder's indifference. Morneau flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 8 - Twins 5.	Miami wins just for fifth time behind 16 hits