Twins - Top 1st. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Carroll struck out swinging. Mauer walked. Willingham walked, Mauer to second. Morneau hit ground rule double to deep right, Mauer scored, Willingham to third. Plouffe hit sacrifice fly to center, Willingham scored, Morneau to third. Doumit homered to right center (394 feet), Morneau scored. Arcia reached on infield single to pitcher. Hicks struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Ellsbury struck out looking. Victorino reached on bunt single to third. Pedroia singled to left, Victorino to third. Ortiz struck out swinging. Napoli walked, Pedroia to second. Gomes homered to left (412 feet), Victorino, Pedroia and Napoli scored. Saltalamacchia doubled to left. Drew singled to right, Saltalamacchia scored, Drew out stretching at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Florimon homered to right (389 feet). Carroll walked. Mauer doubled to left, Carroll to third. Willingham popped out to second. Morneau hit sacrifice fly to center, Carroll scored, Mauer to third. Plouffe doubled to left, Mauer scored. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Doumit walked. Arcia singled to left, Plouffe to third, Doumit to second. Hicks singled to center, Plouffe and Doumit scored, Arcia to second. Florimon doubled to deep center, Arcia and Hicks scored. Carroll struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Ciriaco flied out to center. Ellsbury lined out to center. Victorino homered to left (388 feet). Pedroia doubled to left. Ortiz grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Mauer grounded out to second. Willingham struck out looking. Morneau singled to center. Plouffe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morneau out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Pressly pitching for Twins. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. Gomes struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia singled to right. Drew flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Doumit singled to center. Arcia singled to shallow left, Doumit to second. Doumit to third, Arcia to second on passed ball by Saltalamacchia. Hicks walked. Florimon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Doumit scored, Hicks out at second, Arcia to third. Carroll grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Pressly pitching for Twins. Ciriaco walked. Ellsbury walked, Ciriaco to second. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ellsbury out at second, Ciriaco to third. Pedroia grounded out to first, Victorino to second. Ortiz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Mauer doubled to deep center. Willingham struck out looking. Morneau grounded out to second, Mauer to third. Plouffe singled to left, Mauer scored. Doumit singled to left center, Plouffe to second. Arcia doubled to center, Plouffe scored, Doumit to third. Hicks grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Pressly pitching for Twins. Napoli singled to center. Gomes flied out to left. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. Drew grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Florimon grounded out to second. Carroll grounded out to second. Mauer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Pressly pitching for Twins. Ciriaco struck out swinging. Ellsbury flied out to left. Victorino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Nava in right field. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Willingham safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Ciriaco. Morneau flied out to center. Plouffe singled to left, Willingham to second. Doumit flied out to second, Doumit tagged out at second, Plouffe out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Fien pitching for Twins. Pedroia singled to center. Ortiz grounded out to pitcher, Pedroia to second. Napoli singled to shallow left, Pedroia to third. Carp ran for Napoli. Gomes hit sacrifice fly to left, Pedroia scored. Saltalamacchia popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Carp at first base. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Arcia struck out swinging. Hicks struck out swinging. Florimon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Drew reached on infield single to catcher. Ciriaco walked, Drew to second. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ciriaco out at second, Drew to third. Nava hit sacrifice fly to center, Drew scored. Pedroia fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Carroll singled to center. Mauer singled to right, Carroll to third. Willingham hit by pitch, Mauer to second. Ramirez ran for Willingham. Morneau hit sacrifice fly to center, Carroll scored, Mauer to third. Plouffe struck out looking. Doumit flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Ramirez in left field. Perkins pitching for Twins. Ortiz struck out swinging. Carp struck out swinging. Gomes fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 15 - Red Sox 8.	Florimon, Twins cruise past Red Sox