Orioles - Top 1st. Richard Worley pitching for Twins. McLouth grounded out to pitcher. Machado doubled to deep right. Markakis singled to center, Machado scored. Jones doubled to deep left, Markakis to third. Davis singled to left, Markakis scored, Jones to third. Wieters hit sacrifice fly to left, Jones scored, Davis tagged out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Dozier flied out to left. Mauer singled to right. Doumit struck out swinging. Morneau struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Richard Worley pitching for Twins. Hardy flied out to center. Flaherty flied out to center. Reimold grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Plouffe lined out to right. Parmelee walked. Arcia struck out swinging. Parmelee to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Ramirez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Richard Worley pitching for Twins. McLouth grounded out to second. Machado grounded out to second. Markakis reached on infield single to second. Jones grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Escobar doubled to deep left center. Dozier popped out to second. Mauer doubled to deep right center, Escobar scored. Doumit grounded out to second, Mauer to third. Morneau singled to center, Mauer scored. Plouffe fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Richard Worley pitching for Twins. Davis lined out to right. Wieters homered to left center (381 feet). Hardy singled to left. Flaherty singled to right, Hardy to second. Reimold popped out to shortstop. McLouth popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Parmelee reached on infield single to pitcher. Arcia flied out to center. Ramirez popped out to second. Escobar walked, Parmelee to second. Dozier doubled to deep left, Parmelee and Escobar scored. Mauer intentionally walked. Doumit walked, Dozier to third, Mauer to second. Morneau singled to left, Dozier and Mauer scored, Doumit to second. Plouffe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morneau out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Richard Worley pitching for Twins. Machado singled to left center. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to left, Machado safe at second on error by third baseman Plouffe. Jones struck out looking. Davis grounded out to second, Machado to third, Markakis to second. Wieters intentionally walked. Hardy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 5th. Patton pitching for Orioles. Parmelee flied out to left. Arcia flied out to center. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Richard Worley pitching for Twins. Flaherty hit by pitch. Reimold singled to left, Flaherty to second. McLouth flied out to center, Flaherty to third. Machado singled to center, Flaherty scored, Reimold to second. Duensing pitching for Twins. Markakis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Machado out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Patton pitching for Orioles. Escobar walked. Dozier grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. Mauer singled to left center. Doumit homered to left center (406 feet), Mauer scored. Morneau reached on infield single to second. Plouffe grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Jones lined out to center. Davis grounded out to first. Wieters singled to left center. Hardy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Parmelee grounded out to third. Arcia struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Casilla hit for Flaherty. Duensing pitching for Twins. Casilla grounded out to shortstop. Fien pitching for Twins. Reimold grounded out to shortstop. McLouth struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Casilla at second base. Strop pitching for Orioles. Escobar struck out looking. Dozier grounded out to third. Mauer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Burton pitching for Twins. Machado popped out to shortstop. Markakis flied out to left. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 5 - Twins 8.	Mauer, Morneau lead Twins with 3 hits each