Twins - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Mauer struck out swinging. Morneau grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Gibson pitching for Twins. Suzuki flied out to center. Almonte singled to right. Cano lined into double play, right to first, Almonte doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Doumit singled to center. Plouffe singled to center, Doumit to second. Hicks struck out looking. Thomas flied out to right, Doumit to third. Carroll singled to right center, Doumit scored, Plouffe to third. Florimon singled to center, Plouffe scored, Carroll to third. Dozier lined out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Hafner singled to shallow right center. Wells struck out swinging. Overbay walked, Hafner to second. Nunez flied out to center. Cruz walked, Hafner to third, Overbay to second. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cruz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Mauer grounded out to third. Morneau doubled to right. Doumit struck out swinging. Plouffe safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Nunez, Morneau to third. Hicks homered to left (389 feet), Morneau and Plouffe scored. Thomas popped out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Suzuki singled to right. Almonte grounded into fielder's choice to center, Suzuki safe at third on error by second baseman Dozier. Cano singled to right, Suzuki scored, Almonte to second. Hafner grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cano out at second, Almonte to third. Wells flied out to left, Almonte out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Carroll walked. Florimon struck out swinging. Dozier doubled to center, Carroll to third. Mauer walked. Morneau reached on infield single to shortstop, Carroll scored, Dozier to third, Mauer to second. Doumit safe at second on error by first baseman Overbay, Dozier and Mauer scored, Morneau to third, Doumit advanced to first on Overbay error, Doumit tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. Plouffe struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Overbay singled to center. Nunez walked, Overbay to second. Cruz hit by pitch, Overbay to third, Nunez to second. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Overbay scored, Cruz out at second, Nunez to third. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Nunez scored, Stewart out at second. Almonte flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Claiborne pitching for Yankees. Hicks struck out swinging. Thomas lined out to left. Carroll struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Cano flied out to center. Hafner popped out to second. Wells popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Warren pitching for Yankees. Florimon struck out swinging. Dozier flied out to center. Mauer doubled to right. Morneau singled to shallow left, Mauer to third. Doumit grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Overbay walked. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Nunez reached on infield single to third, Overbay to second. Cruz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Nunez out at second, Overbay to third. Stewart flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Warren pitching for Yankees. Plouffe struck out swinging. Hicks grounded out to pitcher. Thomas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Suzuki homered to right (378 feet). Almonte flied out to right. Cano walked. Hafner struck out looking. Burton pitching for Twins. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cano out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Warren pitching for Yankees. Carroll struck out swinging. Florimon doubled to center. Dozier doubled to shallow left center, Florimon scored. Logan pitching for Yankees. Mauer grounded out to first, Dozier to third. Morneau grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Burton pitching for Twins. Overbay singled to left. Nunez lined out to third. Cruz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Overbay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Doumit struck out swinging. Plouffe singled to left center. Hicks walked, Plouffe to second. Thomas singled to left, Plouffe to third, Hicks to second. Carroll struck out swinging. Plouffe scored, Hicks to third, Thomas to second on passed ball by Stewart. Florimon walked. Dozier struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Romine hit for Stewart. Romine struck out looking. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Almonte struck out swinging. Cano singled to left, Suzuki to second. Hafner popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 10 - Yankees 4.	Twins complete rare series win vs. Yankees