Blue Jays - Top 1st. Correia pitching for Twins. Reyes flied out to right. Kawasaki singled to center. Encarnacion walked, Kawasaki to second. Lind homered to center (416 feet), Kawasaki and Encarnacion scored. Lawrie homered to left (416 feet). Sierra doubled to deep right. Arencibia singled to right, Sierra scored. Gose grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Arencibia out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Presley lined out to right. Mastroianni struck out swinging. Dozier walked. Willingham popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Correia pitching for Twins. Pillar popped out to shortstop. Reyes popped out to shortstop. Kawasaki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Plouffe singled to left. Arcia popped out to shortstop. Colabello grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Plouffe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Correia pitching for Twins. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lind flied out to left. Lawrie singled to center. Sierra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Davis in right field. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Pinto grounded out to shortstop. Florimon singled to center. Presley flied out to center. Mastroianni struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Correia pitching for Twins. Arencibia flied out to center. Gose lined out to left. Pillar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Dozier singled to center. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dozier safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Lawrie. Plouffe grounded into double play, third to first, Dozier out at third, Willingham to second. Arcia singled to center, Willingham scored. Colabello grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arcia out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Correia pitching for Twins. Reyes grounded out to second. Kawasaki struck out swinging. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Pinto popped out to third. Florimon grounded out to second. Presley singled to center. Mastroianni struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Correia pitching for Twins. Lind flied out to center. Lawrie singled to right. Davis flied out to center. Arencibia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Dozier flied out to left. Willingham walked. Plouffe struck out swinging. Arcia walked, Willingham to second. Wagner pitching for Blue Jays. Colabello struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Roenicke pitching for Twins. Gose grounded out to third. Pillar singled to right center. Reyes doubled to right, Pillar to third. Kawasaki singled to center, Pillar and Reyes scored. Encarnacion flied out to left. Lind grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Pinto grounded out to pitcher. Florimon struck out looking. Presley singled to center. Mastroianni singled to center, Presley to second. Dozier reached on infield single to shortstop, Presley to third, Mastroianni to second. Santos pitching for Blue Jays. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Roenicke pitching for Twins. Lawrie struck out swinging. Davis singled to center. Arencibia struck out swinging. Davis to second on fielder's indifference. Gose tripled to deep right, Davis scored. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Pillar fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Plouffe singled to right. Arcia singled to center, Plouffe to third. Colabello walked, Arcia to second. Pinto singled to left, Plouffe scored, Arcia to third, Colabello to second. Delabar pitching for Blue Jays. Florimon struck out swinging. Presley struck out swinging. Doumit hit for Mastroianni. Doumit popped out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Doumit in right field. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Reyes doubled to deep right center. DeRosa hit for Kawasaki. DeRosa grounded out to shortstop, Reyes to third. Encarnacion intentionally walked. Encarnacion to second on wild pitch by Thielbar. Lind homered to right center (421 feet), Reyes and Encarnacion scored. Fien pitching for Twins. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop. Davis reached on infield single to shortstop. Arencibia popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Goins at second base. Jeffress pitching for Blue Jays. Dozier struck out swinging. Willingham walked. Plouffe grounded out to second, Willingham to second. Arcia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 11 - Twins 2.	Lind homers twice, drives in 6 as Jays rout Twins