Pirates - Top 1st . Garza pitching for Cubs . Tabata singled to center . Jones struck out swinging . Tabata caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Walker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Castro walked . Barney grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Castro out at second . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Garza pitching for Cubs . Overbay struck out swinging . Alvarez singled to center . Diaz singled to right , Alvarez to third . Jaramillo struck out swinging . Cedeno singled to right , Alvarez scored , Diaz to third . Ohlendorf grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Ramirez singled to center . Pena sacrificed to third , Ramirez to second . Soto fouled out to catcher . Ramirez to third on wild pitch by Ohlendorf . Soriano fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Garza pitching for Cubs . Tabata singled to right . Jones singled to right center , Tabata to second . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at second , Tabata to third . Overbay struck out swinging . Alvarez singled to center , Tabata scored , Walker to second . Diaz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Colvin grounded out to second . Garza struck out swinging . Castro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Garza pitching for Cubs . Jaramillo flied out to right . Cedeno fouled out to first . Ohlendorf struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Barney singled to right . Byrd singled to center , Barney to second . Ramirez singled to right center , Barney to third , Byrd to second . Pena doubled to deep right , Barney and Byrd scored , Ramirez to third . Soto flied out to left . Soriano popped out to shortstop . Colvin intentionally walked . Garza grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Garza pitching for Cubs . Tabata singled to right . Jones singled to center , Tabata to third . Walker struck out swinging . Overbay singled to right , Tabata scored , Jones to second . Alvarez flied out to right , Jones to third , Overbay to second . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Castro tripled to deep center . Barney hit sacrifice fly to left , Castro scored . Byrd struck out swinging . Ramirez walked . Pena walked , Ramirez to second . Soto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pena out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Garza pitching for Cubs . Jaramillo struck out swinging . Cedeno struck out swinging . Ohlendorf singled to left . Tabata struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Soriano homered to center ( 403 feet ) . Colvin flied out to left . Garza grounded out to second . Castro tripled to left . Barney flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Garza pitching for Cubs . Jones flied out to center . Walker struck out swinging . Overbay reached on infield single to third . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Crotta pitching for Pirates . Byrd grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez flied out to right . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Diaz struck out looking . Jaramillo singled to right . Cedeno singled to right , Jaramillo to second . Bowker hit for Crotta . Bowker safe at first on error by first baseman Pena , Jaramillo to third , Cedeno to second . Tabata flied out to right , Jaramillo thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Soto flied out to right . Soriano flied out to left . Colvin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Johnson in left field . Jones walked . Walker singled to shallow right , Jones to second . Overbay sacrificed to third , Jones to third , Walker to second . Alvarez reached on infield single to shortstop , Jones and Walker scored . Diaz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Alvarez out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Hanrahan pitching for Pirates . Johnson struck out swinging . Castro singled to left center . Barney grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castro safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno . Byrd grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Barney out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Pirates 5 - Cubs 4 .	Alvarez lifts Pirates past Marmol , Cubs in 9th