Pirates - Top 1st . Volstad pitching for Marlins . McCutchen lined out to left . Tabata grounded out to third . Overbay flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Infante flied out to right . Ramirez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Walker flied out to left . Jones struck out swinging . Alvarez homered to right ( 398 feet ) . Snyder flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Sanchez walked . Dobbs singled to center , Sanchez to second . Stanton walked , Sanchez to third , Dobbs to second . Cousins homered to right ( 392 feet ) , Sanchez , Dobbs and Stanton scored . Hayes doubled to deep center . Volstad bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hayes out at third . Bonifacio hit by pitch , Volstad to second . Infante singled to center , Volstad to third , Bonifacio to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Volstad scored , Infante out at second , Bonifacio to third . Ramirez stole second . Sanchez struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez struck out swinging . McDonald walked . McCutchen struck out swinging . Tabata grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Dobbs grounded out to second . Stanton walked . Cousins doubled to left , Stanton to third . Hayes homered to left ( 389 feet ) , Stanton and Cousins scored . Volstad grounded out to third . Bonifacio flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Overbay grounded out to second . Walker lined out to first . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Infante grounded out to third . Ramirez grounded out to second . Sanchez doubled to left . Dobbs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Alvarez doubled to deep left . Snyder grounded out to third . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third , Alvarez to third . Bowker hit for McCutchen . Bowker grounded out to second , Alvarez scored , Rodriguez to second . McCutchen struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Crotta pitching for Pirates . Stanton homered to left center ( 402 feet ) . Cousins flied out to center . Hayes struck out swinging . Volstad reached on infield single to third , Volstad to second on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez . Bonifacio lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 6th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Tabata flied out to center . Overbay singled to left . Walker walked , Overbay to second . Jones walked , Overbay to third , Walker to second . Choate pitching for Marlins . Alvarez reached on infield single to third , Overbay scored , Walker to third , Jones to second . Webb pitching for Marlins . Snyder singled to left , Walker scored , Jones to third , Alvarez to second . Rodriguez hit by pitch , Jones scored , Alvarez to third , Snyder to second . Diaz hit for Crotta . Diaz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rodriguez out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Veras pitching for Pirates . Infante struck out swinging . Ramirez walked . Ramirez stole second . Ramirez caught stealing third , catcher to third . Sanchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Webb pitching for Marlins . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . Tabata grounded out to shortstop . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Overbay grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Beimel pitching for Pirates . Dobbs struck out swinging . Stanton flied out to center . Cousins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Hensley pitching for Marlins . Murphy at third base . Walker struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . Alvarez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Hanrahan pitching for Pirates . Hayes grounded out to third . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . Bonifacio grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Nunez pitching for Marlins . Snyder lined out to shortstop . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Doumit hit for Hanrahan . Doumit singled to right center . McCutchen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 5 - Marlins 9 .	Cousins ' grand slam leads Marlins past Pirates