Pirates - Top 1st . Latos pitching for Padres . McCutchen walked . Paul reached on bunt single to third , McCutchen to second . Jones struck out swinging . Walker doubled to deep center , McCutchen and Paul scored . Overbay flied out to right , Walker to third . Snyder flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Bartlett struck out swinging . Hudson doubled to deep right center . Patterson ran for Hudson . Ludwick flied out to left , Patterson to third . Cantu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Patterson at second base . Latos pitching for Padres . Alvarez singled to right center . Cedeno grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Alvarez out at second . Karstens struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Maybin grounded out to third . Hawpe struck out swinging . Johnson walked . Venable grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Latos pitching for Padres . McCutchen walked . Paul singled to center , McCutchen to second . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Paul out at second , McCutchen to third . Walker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Latos homered to left ( 384 feet ) . Bartlett grounded out to shortstop . Patterson homered to center ( 405 feet ) . Ludwick doubled to left . Cantu flied out to center . Maybin singled to left , Ludwick scored , Maybin to second advancing on throw . Hawpe grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Latos pitching for Padres . Overbay fouled out to left . Snyder flied out to left . Alvarez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Venable struck out swinging . Latos flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Latos pitching for Padres . Cedeno fouled out to first . Karstens singled to right . McCutchen flied out to right . Paul struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Bartlett singled to center . Patterson walked , Bartlett to second . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Ludwick flied out to center , Patterson out at second , Bartlett to third . Cantu walked . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cantu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Latos pitching for Padres . Jones flied out to center . Walker struck out swinging , Walker safe at on error by player player , Walker to first on error by catcher Johnson . Overbay grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first to shortstop , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 6th . Wood at third base . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Hawpe lined out to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Venable flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Snyder walked . Wood sacrificed to pitcher , Snyder to second . Cedeno singled to right , Snyder to third . Diaz hit for McCutchen . Diaz doubled to deep right , Snyder scored , Cedeno to third . McCutchen singled to center , Cedeno and Diaz scored . Qualls pitching for Padres . Denorfia in right field . McCutchen caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Paul grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Crotta pitching for Pirates . Denorfia reached on infield single to second . Bartlett reached on infield single to shortstop , Denorfia to second . Beimel pitching for Pirates . Patterson reached on bunt single to third , Denorfia to third , Bartlett to second . Ludwick walked , Denorfia scored , Bartlett to third , Patterson to second . Cantu grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bartlett scored , Ludwick out at second , Patterson to third . Maybin struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Adams pitching for Padres . Headley at third base . Jones struck out swinging . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Overbay singled to center . Overbay stole second . Snyder grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Pirates . Hawpe struck out swinging . Johnson homered to left ( 418 feet ) . Headley singled to left . Moskos pitching for Pirates . Doumit catching . Denorfia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Headley out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Bell pitching for Padres . Wood walked . Cedeno sacrificed to first , Wood to second . Wood out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Doumit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 5 - Padres 6 .	Bell ties Hoffman 's mark as Pads halt Pirates