Pirates - Top 1st . Happ pitching for Astros . Tabata flied out to center . Diaz struck out looking . McCutchen walked . Walker tripled to right , McCutchen scored . Overbay struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Morton pitching for Pirates . Bourn grounded out to second . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop . Pence singled to center . Lee singled to shallow left , Pence to second . Wallace walked , Pence to third , Lee to second . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wallace out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Happ pitching for Astros . Wood fouled out to catcher . McKenry singled to left center . Cedeno struck out swinging . Morton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Barmes grounded out to third . Towles lined out to shortstop . Happ grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Happ pitching for Astros . Tabata grounded out to first . Diaz doubled to deep left . McCutchen flied out to right . Walker singled to center , Diaz scored . Overbay walked , Walker to second . Wood struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Bourn reached on infield single to third . Keppinger singled to left , Bourn to second . Pence struck out swinging . Lee struck out swinging . Wallace singled to shallow left , Bourn scored , Keppinger to second . Johnson singled to third , Keppinger to third , Wallace to second . Barmes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wallace out at third , Johnson to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 4th . Happ pitching for Astros . McKenry grounded out to second . Cedeno reached on infield single to shortstop . Morton sacrificed to catcher , Cedeno to second . Tabata struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Towles walked . Happ sacrificed to first , Towles to second . Bourn singled to left , Towles scored , Bourn to second advancing on throw . Bourn stole third . Keppinger lined out to shortstop . Pence struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Happ pitching for Astros . Diaz flied out to right . McCutchen doubled to left . Walker intentionally walked . Overbay grounded out to second , McCutchen to third , Walker to second . Wood walked . McKenry struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Lee flied out to center . Wallace singled to shallow right center . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wallace out at second . Barmes doubled to deep left , Johnson scored . Towles flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Del Rosario pitching for Astros . Sanchez at third base . Cedeno grounded out to first . Paul hit for Morton . Paul doubled to deep left . Tabata singled to left , Paul to third . Jones hit for Diaz . Jones singled to shallow right , Paul scored , Tabata to third . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Tabata scored , Jones safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Wallace . Walker hit sacrifice fly to left , Jones scored . McCutchen stole second . Overbay struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 6th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Paul in right field . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Bourn hit by pitch . Keppinger flied out to left . Pence reached on infield single to second , Bourn to second . Bourn stole third . Pence stole second . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Wood struck out looking . McKenry singled to center . Cedeno flied out to right . Paul homered to left ( 352 feet ) , McKenry scored . Tabata doubled to deep left center . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Downs at second base . McCutchen lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Wallace struck out swinging . Downs grounded out to shortstop . Barmes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . McCutchen walked . Walker grounded out to first , McCutchen to second . Overbay struck out swinging . Wood struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Towles flied out to center . Sanchez flied out to center . Bourn singled to left . Michaels hit for Rodriguez . Michaels singled to left , Bourn to second . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bourn out at third , Michaels to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Melancon pitching for Astros . McKenry lined out to shortstop . Cedeno reached on infield single to shortstop . Paul singled to shallow left center , Cedeno to second . Tabata grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Paul out at second , Cedeno to third . Ciriaco hit for McCutchen . Ciriaco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Resop pitching for Pirates . Lee struck out swinging . Wallace walked . Downs singled to left , Wallace to second . Hanrahan pitching for Pirates . Barmes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Downs out at second , Wallace to third . Barmes to second on fielder 's indifference . Towles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 7 - Astros 3 .	Pirates rally to make rare .500 - plus appearance