Marlins - Top 1st . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Bonifacio flied out to center . Infante homered to left ( 383 feet ) . Dobbs singled to center . Stanton lined out to shortstop . Morrison singled to right , Dobbs to second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Dobbs out at third , Morrison to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Presley grounded out to second . Walker struck out swinging . McCutchen popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Petersen popped out to shortstop . Buck grounded out to shortstop . Nolasco singled to center . Bonifacio singled to left , Nolasco to second . Infante doubled to left , Nolasco scored , Bonifacio to third . Dobbs flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Lee flied out to right . Doumit doubled to right . Ludwick lined out to shortstop . Harrison singled to center , Doumit to third . Ciriaco singled to left , Doumit scored , Harrison to second . Ohlendorf grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Harrison out at third , Ciriaco to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Stanton singled to center . Murphy ran for Stanton . Morrison doubled to deep right , Murphy to third , Murphy scored on throwing error by right fielder Ludwick . Lopez singled to right , Morrison scored . Sanchez ran for Lopez . Petersen singled to right , Sanchez to second . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Buck singled to left , Sanchez to third , Petersen to second . Nolasco singled to center , Sanchez scored , Petersen to third , Buck to second . Bonifacio hit sacrifice fly to center , Petersen scored . Infante homered to left ( 383 feet ) , Buck and Nolasco scored . Dobbs flied out to left . Murphy singled to center . Thompson pitching for Pirates . Morrison homered to right ( 442 feet ) , Murphy scored . Sanchez walked . Petersen singled to right , Sanchez to second . Buck fouled out to catcher . 9 Runs , 10 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Bonifacio in right field . Murphy at shortstop . Sanchez at first base . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Presley grounded out to first . Walker singled to center . McCutchen flied out to right . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Thompson pitching for Pirates . Nolasco popped out to shortstop . Bonifacio popped out to shortstop . Infante lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Doumit struck out swinging . Ludwick struck out swinging . Harrison grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Thompson pitching for Pirates . Dobbs grounded out to second . Murphy tripled to deep center . Morrison singled to right , Murphy scored . Sanchez singled to left , Morrison to second . Petersen grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sanchez out at second , Morrison to third . Buck singled to left , Morrison scored , Petersen to second . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Alvarez at third base . Nolasco grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Ciriaco grounded out to third . Alvarez tripled to deep center . Presley singled to left , Alvarez scored . Walker grounded into double play , second to first , Presley out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Bonifacio grounded out to second . Infante grounded out to third . Dobbs grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Dominguez at third base . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . McCutchen doubled to deep right center . Lee singled to center , McCutchen scored . Doumit struck out swinging . Ludwick singled to left , Lee to second . Jones hit for Hughes . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ludwick out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Presley in center field . D'Arnaud at second base . Paul in left field . Resop pitching for Pirates . Jones at first base . Murphy popped out to third . Morrison struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to left . Petersen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Sanabia pitching for Marlins . Ciriaco flied out to right . Alvarez struck out looking . Presley hit ground rule double to deep left . D'Arnaud walked . Presley to third , D'Arnaud to second on wild pitch by Sanabia . Paul walked . Jaramillo hit for Resop . Jaramillo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Meek pitching for Pirates . Buck flied out to right . Rottino hit for Sanabia . Rottino struck out swinging . Bonifacio singled to center . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bonifacio out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Rosario pitching for Marlins . Doumit singled to right . Ludwick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Doumit out at second . Jones flied out to left . Ciriaco tripled to left , Ludwick scored . Alvarez walked . Hatcher pitching for Marlins . Presley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Moskos pitching for Pirates . Dominguez grounded out to shortstop . Murphy grounded out to second . Morrison struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Hatcher pitching for Marlins . D'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop . Paul fouled out to third . Wood hit for Moskos . Wood singled to center . Doumit grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 13 - Pirates 4 .	Infante 's 2 homers lead Marlins ' rout of Pirates