Angels - Top 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Izturis flied out to left. Kendrick singled to center. Abreu grounded out to second, Kendrick to second. Hunter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Escobar reached on infield single to third. Cabrera flied out to right. Gordon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Wells flied out to left. Callaspo walked. Aybar grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Callaspo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Butler struck out swinging. Ka'aihue walked. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ka'aihue out at second. Betemit grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Davies pitching for Royals. Wilson singled to center. Bourjos sacrificed to pitcher, Wilson to second. Izturis grounded out to second, Wilson to third. Kendrick grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Angels. Treanor flied out to right. Getz flied out to center. Escobar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Davies pitching for Royals. Abreu grounded out to second. Hunter homered to left (457 feet). Wells popped out to shortstop. Callaspo grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Angels. Cabrera struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to second. Butler fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Davies pitching for Royals. Aybar doubled to right. Wilson grounded out to second, Aybar to third. Bourjos struck out swinging. Izturis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Angels. Ka'aihue struck out swinging. Francoeur singled to left. Betemit singled to right, Francoeur to second. Treanor walked, Francoeur to third, Betemit to second. Getz reached on infield single to first, Francoeur scored, Betemit to third, Treanor to second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betemit scored, Getz out at second, Treanor to third. Escobar stole second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Davies pitching for Royals. Kendrick grounded out to first. Abreu singled to center. Hunter walked, Abreu to second. Wells singled to left center, Abreu scored, Hunter to third, Wells to second advancing on throw. Callaspo singled to right, Hunter scored, Wells to third. Texeira pitching for Royals. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wells scored, Callaspo out at second. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Santana pitching for Angels. Gordon flied out to center. Butler doubled to left. Ka'aihue grounded out to second, Butler to third. Francoeur struck out swinging, Francoeur safe at first on wild pitch by Santana, Butler scored. Betemit struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Texeira pitching for Royals. Bourjos grounded out to shortstop. Izturis singled to left center. Kendrick singled to center, Izturis to third. Abreu walked, Kendrick to second. Crow pitching for Royals. Hunter struck out swinging. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Santana pitching for Angels. Treanor grounded out to first. Getz singled to left. Escobar singled to left, Getz to second. Cabrera lined out to center. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Gordon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. James Crow pitching for Royals. Callaspo doubled to deep left. Aybar doubled to deep center, Callaspo tagged out at home, Aybar to third advancing on throw. Wilson struck out swinging. Bourjos walked. Izturis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Butler singled to center. Ka'aihue flied out to left. Francoeur singled to center, Butler to second. Betemit grounded into fielder's choice to second, Francoeur out at second, Butler to third. Treanor singled to right, Butler scored, Betemit to second. Dyson ran for Betemit. Getz singled to center, Dyson scored, Treanor to second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Getz out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Aviles at third base. Soria pitching for Royals. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Abreu flied out to right. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 4 - Royals 5.	Royals rally, drop Angels \n