White Sox - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Royals. Pierre grounded out to second. Beckham grounded out to third. Rios flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Aviles flied out to right. Cabrera singled to center. Gordon doubled to deep left, Cabrera scored. Butler singled to center, Gordon scored. Ka'aihue struck out swinging. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Butler out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Royals. Konerko flied out to left. Quentin singled to left. Ramirez singled to left, Quentin thrown out at third, Ramirez to second advancing on throw. Milledge struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Escobar grounded out to second. Pena grounded out to shortstop. Getz bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Royals. Castro flied out to right. Morel flied out to center. Pierre grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Aviles safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Aviles out at second. Gordon walked. Butler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Royals. Beckham walked. Rios singled to right center, Beckham to third. Konerko struck out swinging. Quentin flied out to right. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Ka'aihue flied out to left. Francoeur singled to right. Escobar doubled to deep left, Francoeur scored. Pena singled to right, Escobar scored, Pena to second advancing on throw. Getz singled to left, Pena to third. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pena scored, Getz out at second. Aviles picked off first. Cabrera batting. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Francis pitching for Royals. Milledge grounded out to third. Castro singled to left. Morel grounded into fielder's choice to second, Castro out at second. Pierre singled to right center, Morel to third. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Cabrera doubled to left. Gordon struck out swinging. Butler intentionally walked. Ka'aihue flied out to center, Cabrera to third. Francoeur grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Francis pitching for Royals. Rios grounded out to third. Konerko singled to left. Quentin grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Konerko out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Humber pitching for White Sox. Escobar flied out to right. Pena singled to center. Getz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pena out at second. Getz stole second. Aviles flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Francis pitching for Royals. Ramirez lined out to third. Milledge fouled out to first. Castro homered to center (447 feet). Morel singled to center. Collins pitching for Royals. Pierre doubled to deep left center, Morel scored. Pierre stole third. Beckham grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Humber pitching for White Sox. Cabrera popped out to second. Gordon safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Konerko. Butler walked, Gordon to second. Ka'aihue flied out to left. Francoeur lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 8th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Rios flied out to left. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Quentin homered to left (383 feet). Ramirez singled to left. Teahen hit for Milledge. Teahen flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Teahen in left field. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Escobar singled to left. Pena grounded into double play, third to second to first, Escobar out at second. Getz walked. Aviles safe at second on error by left fielder Teahen, Getz scored. Cabrera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Pierzynski hit for Castro. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Morel grounded out to second. Pierre singled to right. Beckham walked, Pierre to second. Rios reached on infield single to shortstop, Pierre scored, Beckham to third. Konerko singled to right, Beckham scored, Rios to third. Lillibridge ran for Konerko. Quentin doubled to center, Rios and Lillibridge scored, Quentin to third advancing on throw. Ramirez flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Lillibridge in left field. Teahen at first base. Pierzynski catching. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Gordon struck out swinging. Butler singled to right. Dyson ran for Butler. Dyson stole second. Ka'aihue doubled to left, Dyson scored. Francoeur intentionally walked. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Francoeur out at second, Ka'aihue to third. Pena grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 10th. Jeffress pitching for Royals. Teahen walked. Pierzynski sacrificed to third, Teahen to second. Morel struck out swinging. Pierre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 10th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Getz grounded out to shortstop. Aviles grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 11th. O'Sullivan pitching for Royals. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. Rios grounded out to pitcher. Lillibridge grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 11th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Gordon singled to center. Dyson sacrificed to catcher, Gordon to second. Ka'aihue safe at first on error by third baseman Morel, Gordon to third. Francoeur struck out swinging. Ka'aihue to second on fielder's indifference. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 12th. O'Sullivan pitching for Royals. Quentin doubled to deep left center. Ramirez reached on bunt single to pitcher, Quentin to third. Teahen grounded out to shortstop, Ramirez to second. Pierzynski intentionally walked. Morel singled to right, Quentin and Ramirez scored, Pierzynski to third. Pierre hit sacrifice fly to left, Pierzynski scored, Morel to second. Beckham popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 12th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Pena grounded out to pitcher. Getz struck out swinging. Aviles grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 10 - Royals 7.	Quentin, White Sox rally late, nip Royals in 12