Royals - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Getz singled to center. Cabrera flied out to right. Gordon struck out looking. Butler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Jackson lined out to center. Rhymes lined out to shortstop. Boesch flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Ka'aihue lined out to right. Francoeur grounded out to third. Betemit singled to center. Treanor walked, Betemit to second. Escobar lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Cabrera grounded out to third. Martinez flied out to left. Raburn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Getz walked. Cabrera doubled to left, Getz to third, Getz scored, Cabrera to third on throwing error by left fielder Raburn. Gordon grounded out to second, Cabrera scored. Butler doubled to deep right. Ka'aihue struck out looking. Francoeur grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Peralta homered to left (402 feet). Avila struck out swinging. Inge lined out to right. Jackson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Betemit singled to right. Betemit stole second. Treanor reached on infield single to shortstop, Betemit to third. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Treanor out at second. Getz hit sacrifice fly to center, Betemit scored. Cabrera singled to center, Escobar to second. Gordon lined out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Rhymes singled to center. Boesch grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rhymes out at second. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Boesch out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Butler flied out to center. Ka'aihue singled to right. Francoeur tripled to deep center, Ka'aihue scored. Betemit walked. Treanor grounded into fielder's choice to third, Francoeur scored, Betemit safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Inge. Escobar lined out to center. Getz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Treanor out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Martinez flied out to left. Raburn grounded out to third. Peralta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Tigers. Cabrera flied out to right. Gordon grounded out to first. Butler lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Avila homered to right (370 feet). Inge grounded out to shortstop. Jackson struck out swinging. Rhymes grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Tigers. Ka'aihue struck out swinging. Francoeur singled to center. Betemit doubled to deep right, Francoeur scored. Treanor lined out to shortstop. Escobar singled to center, Betemit scored. Schlereth pitching for Tigers. Getz flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Boesch struck out swinging, Boesch safe at on error by player player, Boesch to first on throwing error by catcher Treanor. Cabrera homered to left (418 feet), Boesch scored. Martinez flied out to left. Raburn struck out swinging. Peralta doubled to deep left center. Avila struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 8th. Schlereth pitching for Tigers. Cabrera flied out to left. Gordon singled to right. Butler intentionally walked. Butler to second on wild pitch by Schlereth. Ka'aihue hit sacrifice fly to right, Gordon scored, Butler to third. Francoeur flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Inge singled to center. Jackson reached on bunt single to pitcher, Inge to second. Rhymes grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jackson out at second, Inge to third. Boesch flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Weinhardt pitching for Tigers. Betemit doubled to right. Treanor grounded into fielder's choice to first, Betemit out at third. Escobar doubled to left, Treanor to third. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Getz hit sacrifice fly to right, Treanor scored, Escobar to third. Cabrera flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Texeira pitching for Royals. Cabrera singled to left. Martinez singled to right, Cabrera to third. Raburn hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored. Peralta singled to center, Martinez to second. Soria pitching for Royals. Avila grounded into fielder's choice to first, Peralta out at second, Martinez to third. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Avila out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 9 - Tigers 5.	Royals drop Tigers, continue surprising start