Cardinals - Top 1st. O'Sullivan pitching for Royals. Jay reached on infield single to second. Jay caught stealing second, catcher to second. Craig walked. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Craig out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Gordon struck out looking. Aviles doubled to right. Hosmer grounded out to first, Aviles to third. Francoeur flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. O'Sullivan pitching for Royals. Holliday flied out to center. Berkman flied out to left. Rasmus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Butler grounded out to second. Betemit flied out to right. Treanor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. O'Sullivan pitching for Royals. Molina doubled to deep right. Descalso doubled to right, Molina scored. Kozma sacrificed to catcher, Descalso to third. Jay flied out to center. Craig homered to left center (402 feet), Descalso scored. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Maier singled to right. Escobar flied out to center. Gordon doubled to deep left, Maier scored. Aviles lined out to center. Hosmer grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. O'Sullivan pitching for Royals. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Berkman walked. Rasmus walked, Berkman to second. Molina tripled to deep right, Berkman and Rasmus scored, Molina scored on throwing error by first baseman Hosmer. Descalso singled to center. Kozma popped out to shortstop. Jay flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Francoeur grounded out to second. Butler struck out swinging. Betemit struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. O'Sullivan pitching for Royals. Craig singled to right. Greene ran for Craig. Pujols singled to center, Greene to third. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Greene scored, Pujols out at second. Berkman walked, Holliday to second. Holland pitching for Royals. Rasmus walked, Holliday to third, Berkman to second. Laird ran for Holliday. Molina struck out swinging. Descalso grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Greene at second base. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Treanor singled to left. Maier grounded into fielder's choice to second, Treanor out at second. Escobar singled to left, Maier to second. Gordon flied out to right, Maier to third. Aviles reached on infield single to second, Maier scored, Escobar to third. Hosmer popped out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Holland pitching for Royals. Kozma struck out looking. Jay walked. Greene walked, Jay to second. Pujols flied out to right, Jay to third. Laird struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Francoeur homered to right (391 feet). Batista pitching for Cardinals. Butler doubled to left. Betemit homered to right center (405 feet), Butler scored. Treanor struck out looking. Tallet pitching for Cardinals. Maier popped out to first. Escobar fouled out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Teaford pitching for Royals. Berkman grounded out to third. Rasmus walked. Pena catching. Molina reached on infield single to third, Rasmus to second. Descalso flied out to left. Kozma grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Tallet pitching for Cardinals. Gordon homered to right (438 feet). Sanchez pitching for Cardinals. Aviles flied out to right. Hosmer struck out swinging. Francoeur hit by pitch. Francoeur stole second. Butler walked. Betemit singled to center, Francoeur scored, Butler to second, Butler thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Crow pitching for Royals. Jay doubled to deep left center. Greene grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jay out at third. Pujols reached on infield single to third, Greene to second. Laird flied out to left. Berkman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Pena flied out to center. Maier struck out swinging. Escobar singled to center. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Rasmus walked. Molina singled to right, Rasmus to second. Descalso sacrificed to third, Rasmus to third, Molina to second. Kozma walked. Jay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kozma out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Aviles flied out to right. Hosmer flied out to center. Francoeur flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 10th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Greene walked. Pujols safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Aviles, Greene to second. Laird hit by pitch, Greene to third, Pujols to second. Collins pitching for Royals. Berkman flied out to right. Rasmus walked, Greene scored, Pujols to third, Laird to second. Molina walked, Pujols scored, Laird to third, Rasmus to second. Wood pitching for Royals. Descalso grounded into fielder's choice to first, Laird out at home, Rasmus to third, Molina to second. Kozma struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 10th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Butler doubled to deep center. Betemit flied out to right. Pena doubled to deep right center, Butler scored. Maier popped out to shortstop. Escobar struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 9 - Royals 8.	Cardinals outlast Royals to take wild series