Angels - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Royals. Aybar doubled to right. Izturis singled to center, Aybar to third. Hunter struck out swinging. Callaspo singled to left, Aybar scored, Izturis to second. Trumbo singled to center, Izturis scored, Callaspo to third. Bourjos flied out to left. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Trumbo out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Gordon singled to center. Cabrera flied out to center. Hosmer grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Royals. Mathis singled to center. Willits struck out swinging. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mathis out at second. Aybar stole second, Aybar safe at third on throwing error by catcher Pena. Izturis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Francoeur grounded out to third. Butler flied out to center. Betemit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Royals. Hunter walked. Callaspo flied out to left. Trumbo singled to left, Hunter to second. Bourjos popped out to second. Wilson walked, Hunter to third, Trumbo to second. Mathis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Pena flied out to center. Getz reached on bunt single to first. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Getz safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Pineiro. Gordon singled to center, Getz scored, Escobar to second. Cabrera singled to right, Escobar scored, Gordon to third. Hosmer doubled to deep left center, Gordon and Cabrera scored. Francoeur flied out to right. Butler singled to left center, Hosmer scored. Betemit grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Butler out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Royals. Willits grounded out to third. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. Izturis popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Pena grounded out to shortstop. Getz flied out to center. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Francis pitching for Royals. Hunter fouled out to first. Callaspo flied out to right. Trumbo popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Gordon flied out to left. Cabrera flied out to center. Hosmer singled to right. Hosmer stole second. Francoeur singled to center, Hosmer scored. Butler flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Francis pitching for Royals. Bourjos reached on bunt single to third. Bourjos stole second. Wilson flied out to left, Bourjos to third. Mathis doubled to deep left, Bourjos scored. Willits fouled out to first. Aybar grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Betemit grounded out to second. Pena flied out to right. Getz reached on infield single to shortstop. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Francis pitching for Royals. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Hunter grounded out to first. Callaspo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Gordon singled to right. Cabrera flied out to left. Hosmer safe at second on error by first baseman Trumbo, Gordon to third. Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to left, Gordon scored. Butler intentionally walked. Betemit grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hosmer out at third, Butler to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 8th. Wood pitching for Royals. Trumbo walked. Bourjos lined out to left. Branyan hit for Wilson. Branyan struck out swinging, Trumbo stole second. Mathis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Bell pitching for Angels. Pena flied out to left. Getz reached on infield single to pitcher. Escobar flied out to center. Getz caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Gordon batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Wood pitching for Royals. Willits struck out looking. Aybar grounded out to first. Izturis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 3 - Royals 7.	Francis solid over 7 innings as Royals top Angels