Royals - Top 1st. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Gordon struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to first. Hosmer walked. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hosmer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Izturis singled to left. Hunter grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Izturis out at second. Abreu singled to center. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to second, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Maier walked. Maier to second on wild pitch by Chatwood. Moustakas struck out swinging, Maier to third on wild pitch by Chatwood. Maier scored on Chatwood's balk. Treanor grounded out to second. Getz flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Kendrick walked. Aybar flied out to left. Trumbo singled to right, Kendrick to second. Conger lined into double play, to shortstop, Kendrick doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Escobar doubled to right. Gordon struck out looking. Cabrera struck out swinging. Escobar stole third. Hosmer fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Bourjos grounded out to second. Izturis grounded out to second. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Butler struck out swinging. Maier walked. Moustakas singled to right, Maier to third. Treanor doubled to deep left, Maier scored, Moustakas to third. Getz singled to left, Moustakas scored, Treanor to third. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to first, Treanor out at home, Getz to third, Escobar to second. Gordon doubled to deep left, Getz and Escobar scored. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Gordon caught stealing third, pitcher to third. Cabrera batting. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Abreu walked. Wells popped out to second. Kendrick grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Cabrera struck out swinging. Hosmer popped out to shortstop. Butler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Aybar walked. Trumbo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Aybar out at second. Conger grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Maier singled to center. Moustakas fouled out to third. Treanor struck out swinging, Maier stole second. Getz singled to right center, Maier scored. Bell pitching for Angels. Getz to second on wild pitch by Bell. Escobar grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Bourjos reached on infield single to second. Izturis hit by pitch, Bourjos to second. Hunter flied out to right. Abreu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Bell pitching for Angels. Gordon singled to center. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gordon out at second. Hosmer hit by pitch, Cabrera to second. Butler doubled to left, Cabrera and Hosmer scored. Maier grounded out to second, Butler to third. Moustakas grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Wells flied out to center. Kendrick walked. Aybar hit ground rule double to deep center, Kendrick to third. Trumbo flied out to left. Conger walked. Bourjos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Conger out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Romine at third base. Wilson at first base. Trumbo in right field. Bell pitching for Angels. Treanor struck out looking. Getz struck out swinging. Escobar singled to left. Gordon singled to right center, Escobar to third. Cabrera singled to left, Escobar scored, Gordon to second. Hosmer struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Wood pitching for Royals. Romine struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Branyan hit for Abreu. Branyan walked. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Branyan out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Bell pitching for Angels. Butler singled to center. Maier grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Butler out at second. Moustakas walked. Treanor popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Wood pitching for Royals. Kendrick grounded out to second. Aybar popped out to second. Trumbo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 9 - Angels 0.	Royals turn 5 double plays in blanking of Angels