Royals - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Gordon grounded out to second. Cabrera flied out to left. Hosmer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. Crisp flied out to center. Pennington struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Francoeur walked. Francoeur stole second. Butler walked. Moustakas sacrificed to third, Francoeur to third, Butler to second. Treanor grounded out to shortstop, Francoeur scored. Getz lined out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Willingham flied out to right. Jackson safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas. Sizemore singled to shallow right, Jackson to third. Suzuki flied out to right, Jackson thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Escobar singled to right. Escobar stole second. Gordon flied out to center. Cabrera walked. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to first, Escobar to third, Cabrera safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Barton. Francoeur popped out to second. Butler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Barton fouled out to first. Weeks popped out to second. Crisp lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Moustakas singled to center. Treanor walked, Moustakas to second. Getz sacrificed to pitcher, Moustakas to third, Treanor to second. Escobar grounded out to third, Moustakas scored, Treanor to third. Gordon flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Pennington grounded out to third. Matsui homered to right (364 feet). Willingham struck out swinging. Jackson walked. Sizemore walked, Jackson to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jackson out at third, Sizemore to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Cabrera lined out to right. Hosmer walked. Hosmer to second on wild pitch by Cahill. Hosmer to third on wild pitch by Cahill. Francoeur walked. Francoeur stole second. Butler doubled to deep left, Hosmer and Francoeur scored. Moustakas walked. Treanor singled to left, Butler to third, Moustakas to second. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Getz struck out swinging. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Treanor out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Barton flied out to left. Weeks tripled to deep right center. Crisp singled to right, Weeks scored. Pennington walked, Crisp to second. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pennington out at second, Crisp to third. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Matsui out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics. Gordon singled to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Gordon caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Hosmer singled to center. Francoeur popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Jackson flied out to left. Sizemore flied out to right. Suzuki walked. Barton out on batter's interference to catcher. Barton batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Butler grounded out to second. Moustakas grounded out to first. Treanor walked. Getz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Holland pitching for Royals. Weeks grounded out to second. Crisp grounded out to second. Pennington struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Devine pitching for Athletics. Escobar reached on infield single to catcher. Gordon flied out to right, Escobar to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Escobar to third. Hosmer singled to right center, Escobar scored, Cabrera to third. Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored. Butler grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Holland pitching for Royals. Matsui singled to center. Willingham singled to left, Matsui to second. Jackson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Willingham out at second, Matsui to third. Sizemore reached on infield single to third, Matsui scored. Sizemore to second on wild pitch by Holland. Suzuki safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar, Sizemore scored. Crow pitching for Royals. Barton walked. Weeks flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 9th. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Moustakas singled to center. Treanor sacrificed to first, Moustakas to second. Getz walked. Escobar doubled to right, Moustakas scored, Getz to third. Gordon lined out to first. Cabrera flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Crisp struck out swinging. Pennington walked. Matsui fouled out to catcher. Willingham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 7 - Athletics 4.	Royals' Duffy halts A's to nab 1st big-league win