Cubs - Top 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Fukudome struck out swinging. Castro singled to left. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Wells pitching for Cubs. Cabrera reached on bunt single to pitcher. Hosmer singled to left center, Cabrera to second. Butler singled to center, Cabrera scored, Hosmer to third. Gordon doubled to center, Hosmer scored, Butler to third. Francoeur singled to right, Butler scored, Gordon to third. Moustakas walked, Francoeur to second. Treanor hit sacrifice fly to left, Gordon scored. Escobar struck out swinging. Francoeur caught stealing third, catcher to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Pena flied out to center. Johnson struck out swinging. DeWitt singled to left. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Wells pitching for Cubs. Getz grounded out to first. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Soto homered to left (411 feet). LeMahieu struck out swinging. Fukudome walked. Castro grounded into double play, third to second to first, Fukudome out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Wells pitching for Cubs. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Gordon singled to left center. Francoeur singled to left, Gordon to second. Moustakas flied out to right, Gordon to third. Gordon caught stealing home, catcher to shortstop to catcher, Francoeur to second on runner's fielder's choice. Treanor batting. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Ramirez popped out to catcher. Pena fouled out to catcher. Johnson doubled to deep left. DeWitt singled to right center, Johnson scored. Soriano walked, DeWitt to second. Soto doubled to right, DeWitt scored, Soriano to third. LeMahieu grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Wells pitching for Cubs. Treanor walked. Escobar sacrificed to third, Treanor to second. Getz singled to center, Treanor scored, Getz to second advancing on throw. Cabrera flied out to left. Hosmer singled to left center, Getz scored. Butler grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Fukudome popped out to shortstop. Castro grounded out to third. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Wells pitching for Cubs. Gordon grounded out to first. Francoeur flied out to center. Moustakas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Pena singled to shallow right. Johnson struck out swinging. DeWitt grounded out to first, Pena to third on throwing error by first baseman Hosmer. Soriano walked. Coleman pitching for Royals. Soto walked, Soriano to second. LeMahieu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 6th. Wells pitching for Cubs. Treanor lined out to center. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Getz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Fukudome struck out looking. Castro struck out swinging. Ramirez hit by pitch. Collins pitching for Royals. Pena grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Wells pitching for Cubs. Cabrera singled to right. Russell pitching for Cubs. Hosmer popped out to shortstop. Butler struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Crow pitching for Royals. Johnson struck out swinging. DeWitt grounded out to second. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Carpenter pitching for Cubs. Francoeur singled to left. Francoeur caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Moustakas struck out swinging. Treanor singled to deep right center. Escobar reached on infield single to pitcher, Treanor to third, Escobar to second on throwing error by pitcher Carpenter. Getz walked. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Soto singled to deep right. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Fukudome grounded into double play, third to second to first, Soto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 3 - Royals 6.	Gordon, Hochevar lead Royals to win over Cubs