Royals - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Twins. Getz grounded out to second. Cabrera singled to left. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera safe at second on error by shortstop Nishioka. Butler flied out to right. Hosmer walked, Cabrera to third, Gordon to second. Cabrera scored, Gordon to third, Hosmer to second on wild pitch by Liriano, Gordon scored, Hosmer safe at third on throwing error by catcher Mauer. Francoeur struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Chen pitching for Royals. Revere struck out looking. Casilla singled to right. Mauer walked, Casilla to second. Cuddyer walked, Casilla to third, Mauer to second. Valencia flied out to center, Casilla thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Moustakas grounded out to first. Pena flied out to center. Escobar walked. Getz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Chen pitching for Royals. Young doubled to deep left. Plouffe grounded out to third. Hughes singled to left, Young to third. Nishioka fouled out to catcher. Revere lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Cabrera singled to center. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. Butler struck out swinging. Gordon stole second. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Chen pitching for Royals. Casilla reached on infield single to second. Mauer grounded out to third, Casilla to second. Cuddyer lined out to third. Valencia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Francoeur flied out to right. Moustakas doubled to deep left. Pena singled to right, Moustakas scored, Pena thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Escobar grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Chen pitching for Royals. Young grounded out to third. Plouffe singled to left. Hughes struck out swinging. Nishioka singled to right, Plouffe to second. Revere flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Getz reached on infield single to shortstop. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Getz out at second. Gordon reached on infield single to first. Butler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Chen pitching for Royals. Casilla popped out to first. Mauer grounded out to first. Cuddyer walked. Valencia doubled to deep right, Cuddyer scored. Young doubled to deep left, Valencia scored. Plouffe homered to left (381 feet), Young scored. Hughes grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Hosmer doubled to deep right. Francoeur fouled out to first. Moustakas struck out swinging. Pena lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Holland pitching for Royals. Nishioka singled to left. Revere struck out swinging. Casilla struck out swinging. Mauer singled to left, Nishioka to second. Cuddyer walked, Nishioka to third, Mauer to second. Valencia lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Escobar grounded out to first. Getz flied out to center. Cabrera fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Wood pitching for Royals. Young singled to center. Repko ran for Young. Plouffe walked, Repko to second. Hughes sacrificed to catcher, Repko to third, Plouffe to second. Nishioka walked. Revere walked, Repko scored, Plouffe to third, Nishioka to second. Casilla hit by pitch, Plouffe scored, Nishioka to third, Revere to second. Teaford pitching for Royals. Mauer singled to center, Nishioka and Revere scored, Casilla to third. Coleman pitching for Royals. Cuddyer flied out to right. Valencia struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Repko in left field. Mijares pitching for Twins. Gordon walked. Butler struck out swinging. Hosmer struck out looking. Francoeur walked, Gordon to second. Moustakas popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Crow pitching for Royals. Repko grounded out to third. Plouffe struck out swinging. Hughes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Dumatrait pitching for Twins. Pena singled to center. Escobar singled to right, Pena to second, Pena to third, Escobar to second on error by right fielder Cuddyer. Getz grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Pena scored, Escobar to third. Gordon struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - Twins 8.	Plouffe's towering blast leads Twins past Royals