Royals - Top 1st. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera struck out swinging. Butler lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Francis pitching for Royals. Escobar flied out to right. Thames flied out to left. Bautista walked. Encarnacion grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Hosmer grounded out to first. Francoeur grounded out to third. Moustakas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Francis pitching for Royals. Lind grounded out to second. Lawrie singled to center. Johnson popped out to first. Arencibia grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Perez doubled to left. Maier fouled out to third. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Giavotella singled to shallow center, Perez scored, Giavotella to second advancing on throw. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Francis pitching for Royals. McCoy bunt grounded out to pitcher. Escobar flied out to left. Thames tripled to deep right center. Bautista intentionally walked. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Butler hit ground rule double to right. Hosmer grounded out to first, Butler to third. Francoeur flied out to center. Moustakas singled to shallow center, Butler scored. Perez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Francis pitching for Royals. Lind struck out looking. Lawrie struck out swinging. Johnson walked. Arencibia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Maier flied out to right. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Giavotella grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Francis pitching for Royals. McCoy flied out to left. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Thames flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera doubled to right. Butler singled to center, Cabrera to third. Hosmer flied out to left. Francoeur singled to shallow center, Cabrera scored, Butler to second. Moustakas grounded into fielder's choice to first, Francoeur out at second, Butler to third. Perez singled to shallow left, Butler scored, Moustakas to third, Perez to second advancing on throw. Maier walked. Escobar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Francis pitching for Royals. Bautista doubled to right center. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lind struck out swinging. Lawrie flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Giavotella flied out to right. Cabrera homered to left (446 feet). Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Butler reached on infield single to pitcher. Hosmer singled to center, Butler to second. Francoeur singled to shallow right, Butler to third, Hosmer to second. Moustakas grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Butler out at home, Hosmer to third, Francoeur to second. Perez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Francis pitching for Royals. Johnson singled to left center. Arencibia homered to left center (404 feet), Johnson scored. McCoy singled to left. Holland pitching for Royals. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCoy out at second. Escobar to second on wild pitch by Holland. Thames struck out swinging. Bautista struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Maier tripled to deep center. Escobar grounded out to second. Giavotella grounded into fielder's choice to second, Maier out at home. Cabrera singled to center, Giavotella to second. Butler doubled to left, Giavotella and Cabrera scored. Lewis pitching for Blue Jays. Hosmer grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Holland pitching for Royals. Encarnacion doubled to deep center. Lind struck out swinging. Lawrie tripled to right, Encarnacion scored. Johnson walked. Arencibia hit sacrifice fly to center, Lawrie scored, Johnson to second. McCoy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Lewis pitching for Blue Jays. Francoeur hit by pitch. Moustakas doubled to right center, Francoeur scored. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Moustakas to third on wild pitch by Litsch. Perez struck out swinging. Maier hit sacrifice fly to right, Moustakas scored. Escobar flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Gordon in left field. Maier in right field. Soria pitching for Royals. Escobar flied out to right. Thames struck out swinging. Bautista singled to shallow left. Bautista to second on fielder's indifference. Encarnacion homered to right (346 feet), Bautista scored. Lind struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 9 - Blue Jays 6.	Butler's 4 hits backs Francis as Royals beat Jays