Royals - Top 1st. Turner pitching for Tigers. Gordon struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Butler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. Jackson lined out to left. Ordonez doubled to deep center. Ordonez stole third. Young struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Turner pitching for Tigers. Hosmer singled to right. Francoeur homered to left (409 feet), Hosmer scored. Moustakas popped out to second. Giavotella struck out swinging. Pena flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Avila flied out to left. Peralta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Turner pitching for Tigers. Escobar flied out to center. Gordon grounded out to second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Raburn walked. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to third, Raburn out at second. Jackson struck out swinging. Ordonez doubled to deep right center, Inge scored. Young doubled to deep left, Ordonez scored. Cabrera singled to center, Young scored, Cabrera to second advancing on throw. Martinez to first on wild pitch by Duffy. Martinez intentionally walked. Avila struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Turner pitching for Tigers. Butler grounded out to second. Hosmer singled to right center. Hosmer stole second. Francoeur flied out to left. Moustakas popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Peralta popped out to first. Raburn flied out to left. Inge walked. Inge caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second to first. Jackson batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Turner pitching for Tigers. Giavotella doubled to right. Pena grounded out to second, Giavotella to third. Escobar singled to center, Giavotella scored. Escobar stole second. Gordon singled to left, Escobar to third. Cabrera singled to left, Escobar scored, Gordon to second. Perry pitching for Tigers. Butler doubled to left, Gordon and Cabrera scored. Hosmer intentionally walked. Francoeur reached on infield single to third, Butler to third, Hosmer to second. Moustakas lined out to left. Giavotella flied out to right. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Jackson hit ground rule double to deep center. Ordonez homered to left (391 feet), Jackson scored. Young grounded out to second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Perry pitching for Tigers. Pena grounded out to second. Escobar struck out swinging. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Crow pitching for Royals. Avila doubled to left. Peralta reached on infield single to third, Avila scored, Peralta to second on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas. Santiago hit for Raburn. Santiago sacrificed to pitcher, Peralta to third. Betemit hit for Inge. Betemit struck out swinging. Jackson homered to left (364 feet), Peralta scored. Ordonez struck out swinging, Ordonez safe at first on wild pitch by Crow. Kelly ran for Ordonez. Young flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 7th. Kelly in right field. Santiago at second base. Betemit at third base. Perry pitching for Tigers. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Butler flied out to right. Coke pitching for Tigers. Hosmer walked. Francoeur doubled to deep right, Cabrera scored, Hosmer to third. Moustakas singled to right, Hosmer scored, Francoeur to third, Moustakas to second advancing on throw. Marte pitching for Tigers. Giavotella singled to left, Francoeur and Moustakas scored. Pena popped out to shortstop. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop, Giavotella to second, Giavotella to third on throwing error by shortstop Peralta. Gordon walked, Escobar to second. Cabrera flied out to left. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Cabrera struck out swinging. Martinez singled to left center. Avila singled to center, Martinez to third. Peralta struck out swinging. Santiago struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Pauley pitching for Tigers. Butler grounded out to second. Hosmer homered to left (390 feet). Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Moustakas singled to center. Giavotella reached on infield single to shortstop, Moustakas to second. Pena grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Holland pitching for Royals. Betemit grounded out to first. Jackson flied out to right. Kelly flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Pauley pitching for Tigers. Escobar lined out to right. Gordon flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Young flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Martinez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 11 - Tigers 8.	Royals win battle