Indians - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Royals. Carrera grounded out to third. Fukudome doubled to deep right. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Santana walked. Duncan walked, Fukudome to third, Santana to second. Donald singled to right, Fukudome scored, Santana thrown out at home, Duncan to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Gomez pitching for Indians. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera lined out to center. Butler doubled to deep right. Hosmer intentionally walked. Giavotella flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Royals. Hannahan doubled to right. Marson singled to right, Hannahan to third. Head doubled to left, Hannahan scored, Marson to third. Carrera flied out to right. Fukudome grounded out to first. Cabrera doubled to left, Marson and Head scored. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Gomez pitching for Indians. Moustakas flied out to left. Pena singled to center. Maier walked, Pena to second. Getz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Maier out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Royals. Duncan fouled out to first. Donald flied out to right. Hannahan singled to right. Marson walked, Hannahan to second. Head hit by pitch, Hannahan to third, Marson to second. Chisenhall ran for Hannahan. Carrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Chisenhall at third base. Gomez pitching for Indians. Gordon grounded out to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Butler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Royals. Fukudome grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera flied out to left. Santana doubled to deep right center. Duncan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Gomez pitching for Indians. Hosmer doubled to deep center. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop, Hosmer to third. Moustakas safe at first on error by third baseman Chisenhall, Hosmer scored. Pena grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Moustakas out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 5th. Francis pitching for Royals. Donald singled to center. Chisenhall flied out to left. Marson flied out to center. Donald stole second. Donald to third on passed ball by Pena. Head grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Gomez pitching for Indians. Maier flied out to right. Getz singled to right. Gordon struck out swinging. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Collins pitching for Royals. Carrera walked. Fukudome struck out swinging, Carrera stole second. Cabrera walked. Chavez pitching for Royals. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera out at second, Carrera to third. Duncan homered to left (379 feet), Carrera and Santana scored. Donald flied out to right. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Gomez pitching for Indians. Butler singled to center. Hosmer popped out to third. Giavotella reached on infield single to third, Butler to second. Moustakas walked, Butler to third, Giavotella to second. Perez pitching for Indians. Pena grounded into double play, third to first, Giavotella out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Chavez pitching for Royals. Chisenhall grounded out to shortstop. Marson singled to right. Head flied out to right. Carrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Maier singled to right. Getz struck out swinging. Gordon singled to right center, Maier to third. Cabrera reached on infield single to third, Maier scored, Gordon to second. Durbin pitching for Indians. Butler walked, Gordon to third, Cabrera to second. Sipp pitching for Indians. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gordon out at home, Cabrera to third, Butler to second. Giavotella walked, Cabrera scored, Butler to third, Hosmer to second. Moustakas popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Chavez pitching for Royals. Fukudome grounded out to first. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Santana walked. Duncan homered to left (396 feet), Santana scored. Donald flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Indians. Pena flied out to left. Maier grounded out to first. Getz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Chavez pitching for Royals. Chisenhall grounded out to second. Marson singled to right. Head struck out swinging. Carrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Marson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Gordon struck out swinging. Cabrera walked. Butler doubled to deep right, Cabrera to third. Hosmer singled to right, Cabrera and Butler scored, Hosmer to second advancing on throw. Giavotella singled to right, Hosmer scored. Perez pitching for Indians. Moustakas popped out to second. Giavotella to second on fielder's indifference. Pena popped out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 9 - Royals 6.	Duncan's 2 homers help Indians hold off KC \n\n