Royals - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Gordon flied out to left. Cabrera grounded out to third. Butler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. Weeks struck out swinging. Pennington bunt popped out to pitcher. Matsui singled to center. Willingham fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Hosmer homered to right (406 feet). Francoeur homered to left (409 feet). Giavotella singled to left. Perez singled to left, Giavotella to second. Navarro singled to right, Giavotella to third, Perez to second. Escobar reached on infield single to third, Giavotella scored, Perez to third, Navarro to second. Gordon grounded out to first, Perez scored, Navarro to third, Escobar to second. Cabrera fouled out to first. Butler walked. Hosmer grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Sizemore grounded out to pitcher. Allen popped out to second. Taylor flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Francoeur flied out to right. Giavotella struck out swinging. Perez reached on infield single to third. Navarro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Sweeney walked. Recker walked, Sweeney to second. Weeks doubled to center, Sweeney scored, Recker to third. Pennington singled to left, Recker scored, Weeks to third, Pennington to second advancing on throw. Matsui flied out to left. Willingham struck out looking. Sizemore grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Escobar grounded out to third. Gordon struck out swinging. Cabrera fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Allen grounded out to second. Taylor popped out to shortstop. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Butler flied out to center. Hosmer singled to center. Francoeur singled to center, Hosmer to second. Hosmer stole third. Giavotella grounded out to third, Hosmer scored, Francoeur to second. Perez doubled to right, Francoeur scored. Navarro safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Pennington, Perez to third. Escobar walked, Navarro to second. Gordon walked, Perez scored, Navarro to third, Escobar to second. Cabrera flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Recker flied out to left. Weeks popped out to second. Pennington struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Carignan pitching for Athletics. Butler singled to right. Hosmer fouled out to catcher. Francoeur struck out swinging. Giavotella flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Matsui grounded out to second. Willingham flied out to center. Sizemore grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Carignan pitching for Athletics. Perez struck out swinging. Navarro struck out swinging. Escobar fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Allen struck out swinging. Taylor walked. Sweeney singled to right, Taylor to third. Wood pitching for Royals. Recker struck out swinging. Weeks reached on infield single to third, Taylor scored, Sweeney to second. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Gordon popped out to second. Cabrera fouled out to catcher. Butler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Wood pitching for Royals. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. Willingham struck out swinging. Sizemore fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Hosmer struck out looking. Francoeur reached on infield single to shortstop. Francoeur stole second. Giavotella lined out to second. Perez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Wood pitching for Royals. Allen walked. Taylor singled to center, Allen to second. Soria pitching for Royals. Sweeney struck out swinging. Recker struck out swinging. Weeks reached on infield single to second, Allen to third, Taylor to second. Pennington walked, Allen scored, Taylor to third, Weeks to second. Matsui grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 7 - Athletics 4.	Hosmer, Francoeur homer to lift Royals over A's\n