White Sox - Top 1st. Teaford pitching for Royals. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. Ramirez popped out to first. Konerko lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Stewart pitching for White Sox. Gordon walked. Cabrera struck out swinging. Butler singled to left, Gordon to second. Hosmer grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Butler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Teaford pitching for Royals. Rios homered to left (391 feet). Viciedo struck out swinging. Dunn popped out to shortstop. Flowers struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Stewart pitching for White Sox. Francoeur grounded out to second. Moustakas singled to center. Perez singled to left, Moustakas to second. Getz flied out to center. Escobar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Teaford pitching for Royals. Morel safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas. Beckham walked. Pierre sacrificed to third, Morel to third, Beckham to second. Ramirez fouled out to first. Konerko flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Stewart pitching for White Sox. Gordon struck out looking. Cabrera singled to center. Cabrera stole second. Butler walked. Hosmer flied out to left. Francoeur grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Teaford pitching for Royals. Rios struck out swinging. Viciedo doubled to left. Dunn singled to left center, Viciedo to third. Flowers struck out swinging. Morel walked, Dunn to second. Beckham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Stewart pitching for White Sox. Moustakas singled to center. Perez singled to left, Moustakas to second. Getz sacrificed to pitcher, Moustakas to third, Perez to second. Escobar tripled to left, Moustakas and Perez scored. Gordon singled to left, Escobar scored. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gordon out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Teaford pitching for Royals. Pierre grounded out to second. Ramirez singled to left. Konerko grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Stewart pitching for White Sox. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer doubled to left. Francoeur flied out to right. Moustakas homered to right center (415 feet), Hosmer scored. Perez singled to center. Getz grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Teaford pitching for Royals. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Viciedo grounded out to shortstop. Dunn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Escobar doubled to left. Gordon singled to left, Escobar to third. Cabrera singled to center, Escobar scored, Gordon to second. Butler flied out to center. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera out at second, Gordon to third. Francoeur lined out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Adcock pitching for Royals. Flowers reached on infield single to second, Flowers to second on throwing error by second baseman Getz. Morel walked. Beckham grounded out to second, Flowers to third, Morel to second. Flowers scored, Morel to third on wild pitch by Adcock. Pierre grounded out to second, Morel scored. Ramirez singled to left. Konerko struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 7th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Moustakas walked. Kinney pitching for White Sox. Perez grounded out to pitcher, Moustakas to second. Getz tripled to deep center, Moustakas scored. Escobar struck out swinging. Gordon lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Adcock pitching for Royals. Rios flied out to center. Viciedo fouled out to third. Dunn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Kinney pitching for White Sox. Cabrera reached on infield single to third. Butler singled to center, Cabrera to second. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to first, Butler out at second, Cabrera to third. Francoeur homered to left (372 feet), Cabrera and Hosmer scored. Moustakas struck out swinging. Perez lined out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Adcock pitching for Royals. Flowers flied out to right. Escobar hit for Morel. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. Beckham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 3 - Royals 10.	Royals rout White Sox for 7th victory in row \n\n