Giants - Top 1st . Shields pitching for Padres . Aoki grounded out to pitcher . Panik singled to center . Pagán lined out to second . Posey safe at first on error by first baseman Solarte , Panik to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Myers popped out to second . Solarte flied out to center . Kemp doubled to left . Upton singled to left , Kemp scored , Upton to second advancing on throw . Norris reached on infield single to shortstop , Upton to third . Middlebrooks singled to left , Upton scored , Norris to second . Gyorko popped out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Shields pitching for Padres . Blanco struck out swinging . Duffy popped out to shortstop . Crawford hit by pitch . Bumgarner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Barmes singled to right . Shields flied out to right . Barmes caught stealing second , catcher to second . Myers struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Shields pitching for Padres . Aoki safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Barmes . Panik grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Aoki out at second . Pagán lined out to right . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Panik out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Solarte singled to center . Kemp struck out swinging . Upton singled to center , Solarte to second . Norris singled to center , Solarte scored , Upton to third , Norris to second advancing on throw . Middlebrooks singled to center , Upton scored , Norris to third , Middlebrooks to second advancing on throw . Gyorko singled to left , Norris scored , Middlebrooks to third . Barmes struck out swinging . Shields struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Shields pitching for Padres . Arias homered to left ( 365 feet ) . Blanco struck out looking . Duffy struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Myers batting . Solarte singled to right . Kemp singled to center , Solarte to second . Upton grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to second , Kemp out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Shields pitching for Padres . Sánchez struck out swinging . Aoki grounded out to pitcher . Panik struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Norris flied out to left . Middlebrooks struck out swinging . Gyorko flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Shields pitching for Padres . Pagán singled to right . Posey grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to second , Pagán out at second . Arias flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Barmes safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Duffy . Shields singled to right , Barmes to third . Myers singled to left , Barmes scored , Shields to second . Solarte walked , Shields to third , Myers to second . Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop , Shields scored , Myers to third , Solarte to second . Upton hit sacrifice fly to left , Myers scored . Norris flied out to left . Middlebrooks flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 7th . Shields pitching for Padres . Blanco walked . Duffy flied out to right . Vogelsong struck out looking . Sánchez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Gyorko struck out swinging . Barmes flied out to center . Venable singled to center . Myers doubled to deep left , Venable scored . Solarte singled to left , Myers scored . Kemp doubled to deep left , Solarte to third . Kontos pitching for Giants . Upton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Garces pitching for Padres . Aoki singled to left . Panik flied out to center . Maxwell doubled to left , Aoki scored . Posey flied out to right . Arias grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Kontos pitching for Giants . Norris struck out swinging . Middlebrooks doubled to deep left . Gyorko flied out to center , Middlebrooks to third . Barmes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Maurer pitching for Padres . Blanco walked . Duffy struck out swinging . Kontos struck out swinging . Sánchez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 2 - Padres 10 .	Shields outpitches Bumgarner in Padres ' 10 - 2 win vs Giants