Marlins - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Giants . Gordon grounded out to second . Prado singled to right center . Stanton singled to left , Prado to second . Ozuna grounded into double play , third to second to first , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Marlins . Aoki grounded out to third . Panik struck out swinging . Pagán flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Giants . Suzuki lined out to third . Morse singled to right . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morse out at second . Hechavarría singled to right , Realmuto to third . Haren doubled to center , Realmuto and Hechavarría scored . Gordon doubled to left , Haren scored . Prado grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Marlins . Posey flied out to right . Belt grounded out to second . Maxwell singled to left . Crawford singled to right , Maxwell to second . Duffy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crawford out at second , Maxwell to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Giants . Stanton struck out swinging . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Marlins . Hudson singled to left . Aoki grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hudson out at second . Panik flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Morse singled to right . Realmuto grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Morse out at second . Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Marlins . Pagán reached on infield single to pitcher . Posey grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pagán out at second . Belt singled to right . Maxwell grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Haren singled to left . Gordon grounded out to pitcher , Haren to second . Prado singled to right center , Haren to third . Stanton hit sacrifice fly to center , Haren scored . Ozuna singled to shallow center , Prado to third . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ozuna out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Marlins . Crawford flied out to right . Duffy struck out looking . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Morse struck out swinging . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . Hechavarría singled to right . Haren struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Haren pitching for Marlins . Aoki grounded out to second . Panik flied out to center . Pagán flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Gordon singled to right . Gordon picked off first . Prado singled to left . Stanton lined out to right . Ozuna homered to left center ( 425 feet ) , Prado scored . Suzuki singled to center . Kontos pitching for Giants . Morse flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Haren pitching for Marlins . Posey singled to center . Belt doubled to right , Posey to third . Maxwell hit sacrifice fly to right , Posey scored . Crawford flied out to right . Duffy doubled to right , Belt scored . Sánchez hit for Kontos . Sánchez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Machi pitching for Giants . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop . Brignac hit for Haren . Brignac struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . Panik singled to left center . Pagán grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Panik out at second . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pagán out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Gordon singled to left . Prado grounded out to shortstop , Gordon to second . Stanton singled to left , Gordon scored , Stanton to second advancing on throw . Ozuna grounded out to first , Stanton to third . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Belt grounded out to first . Maxwell flied out to center . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 7 - Giants 2 .	Haren uses bat , arm to lead Marlins past Giants 7 - 2