Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Heston pitching for Giants . Inciarte grounded out to pitcher . Pollock grounded out to third . Goldschmidt walked . Goldschmidt stole second . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Aoki reached on infield single to shortstop . Panik grounded out to second , Aoki to second . Belt walked . Crawford reached on infield single to pitcher , Aoki to third , Belt to second . McGehee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Heston pitching for Giants . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Lamb doubled to deep right . Castillo safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford , Lamb advanced to third on Crawford error , Lamb scored on throwing error by shortstop Crawford . Pennington grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Castillo out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Maxwell grounded out to third . Parker struck out swinging . Susac walked . Heston flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Heston pitching for Giants . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Inciarte hit by pitch . Pollock grounded out to shortstop , Inciarte to second . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop , Inciarte tagged out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . Panik grounded out to second . Belt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Heston pitching for Giants . Peralta struck out looking . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Lamb singled to center . Castillo singled to left , Lamb to second . Pennington walked , Lamb to third , Castillo to second . De La Rosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford singled to right . McGehee grounded into double play , third to second to first , Crawford out at second . Maxwell lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Heston pitching for Giants . Inciarte singled to center . Pollock struck out swinging . Goldschmidt walked , Inciarte to second . Peralta singled to left , Inciarte to third , Goldschmidt to second . Owings doubled to deep center , Inciarte and Goldschmidt scored , Peralta to third . Lamb intentionally walked . Castillo struck out swinging . Pennington lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Parker singled to right . Susac singled to right , Parker to second . Duffy hit for Heston . Duffy flied out to left , Parker to third . Aoki grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Susac out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Kontos pitching for Giants . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Inciarte safe at second on error by center fielder Maxwell . Inciarte stole third . Pollock hit sacrifice fly to center , Inciarte scored . Goldschmidt popped out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik lined out to shortstop . Belt flied out to left . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . López pitching for Giants . Peralta lined out to center . Owings walked . Lamb struck out swinging , Owings to second on wild pitch by López . Castillo lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . McGehee singled to right . Maxwell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McGehee out at second . Parker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Giants . Pennington grounded out to third . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Inciarte fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Susac struck out looking . Arias hit for López . Arias struck out swinging . Aoki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Broadway pitching for Giants . Pollock struck out swinging . Goldschmidt singled to right . Goldschmidt caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik doubled to left . Belt singled to left , Panik to third . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford struck out swinging . McGehee walked , Belt to second . Posey hit for Maxwell . Posey grounded into double play , third to first , Belt out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Giants 0 .	De La Rosa takes shutout into 9th , D - backs beat Heston