Rockies - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Giants . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Blanco lined out to left . Panik doubled to left . Duffy struck out swinging . Posey grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Giants . González singled to center . Arenado struck out swinging . Paulsen singled to center , González to second . Hundley struck out swinging . Barnes reached on infield single to third , González to third , Paulsen to second . Bettis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Belt grounded out to first . Crawford grounded out to third . Susac struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Giants . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu flied out to right . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to third . González singled to left center , González to second , Tulowitzki to second , Tulowitzki to third advancing on throw . Arenado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Maxwell grounded out to third . Hudson flied out to right . Blanco grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Paulsen grounded out to first . Hundley popped out to second . Barnes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Panik walked . Duffy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Panik out at second . Posey walked . Belt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Bettis struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Crawford grounded out to second . Susac homered to left center ( 399 feet ) . Maxwell grounded out to second . Hudson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki singled to center . González singled to right , Tulowitzki to third . Arenado homered to left center ( 416 feet ) , Tulowitzki and González scored . Paulsen grounded out to first . Hundley singled to left . Hundley caught stealing second , catcher to second . Barnes grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Blanco flied out to center . Panik grounded out to second . Duffy singled to right . Posey singled to right , Duffy to second . Belt singled to center , Duffy scored , Posey to second . Crawford singled to center , Posey scored , Belt to third . Susac popped out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Descalso hit for Bettis . Hudson pitching for Giants . Descalso lined out to second . Blackmon singled to right . LeMahieu lined out to right . Tulowitzki walked , Blackmon to second . López pitching for Giants . González doubled to right , Blackmon scored , Tulowitzki to third . Arenado intentionally walked . Paulsen singled to left , Tulowitzki and González scored , Arenado to third , Paulsen to second advancing on throw . Kontos pitching for Giants . Hundley flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Maxwell struck out swinging . McGehee hit for Kontos . McGehee flied out to right . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Broadway pitching for Giants . Barnes singled to center . Rosario hit for Betancourt . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Barnes out at second . Blackmon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rosario out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Panik reached on infield single to third . Duffy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Panik out at second . Posey flied out to center . Logan pitching for Rockies . Belt grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Allen Broadway pitching for Giants . LeMahieu flied out to right . Tulowitzki flied out to left . González tripled to left . González scored on Susac 's passed ball . Arenado homered to left center ( 411 feet ) . Paulsen singled to left center . Machí pitching for Giants . Hundley singled to left , Paulsen to second . Barnes lined out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Crawford walked . Susac flied out to center . Maxwell walked , Crawford to second . Ishikawa hit for Machí . Crawford to third , Maxwell to second on wild pitch by Kahnle . Ishikawa walked , Crawford scored , Maxwell to third on passed ball . Ishikawa batting . Blanco singled to right , Maxwell scored , Ishikawa to third . Panik singled to center , Ishikawa scored , Blanco to second . Duffy struck out swinging . Posey struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 8 - Giants 6 .	Arenado , Gonzalez power Rockies to 8 - 6 win over Giants