Giants - Top 1st . Haren pitching for Marlins . Pagán singled to shallow right . Panik grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pagán out at second . Duffy lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Heston pitching for Giants . Gordon struck out looking . Yelich walked . Hechavarría grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Yelich out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Haren pitching for Marlins . Posey flied out to center . Belt doubled to deep right . Crawford flied out to center . Blanco lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Heston pitching for Giants . Bour singled to right . Realmuto grounded out to first , Bour to second . Dietrich walked . Ozuna grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dietrich out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Haren pitching for Marlins . Maxwell singled to right . Heston sacrificed to first , Maxwell to second . Pagán struck out swinging . Panik reached on infield single to shortstop , Maxwell scored on error by first baseman Bour . Duffy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Panik out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Heston pitching for Giants . Gillespie doubled to deep left center . Haren singled to right , Gillespie scored . Haren to second on balk by Heston . Gordon tripled to right , Haren scored . Yelich walked . Hechavarría grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gordon scored , Yelich out at second . Bour grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Haren pitching for Marlins . Posey singled to center . Belt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Posey out at second . Crawford flied out to left . Belt stole second . Blanco singled to center , Belt scored . Blanco caught stealing second , catcher to second . Maxwell batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Heston pitching for Giants . Realmuto singled to right . Realmuto caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Dietrich grounded out to second . Ozuna grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Haren pitching for Marlins . Maxwell grounded out to first . Heston doubled to deep left center . Pagán flied out to left . Panik fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Susac catching . Heston pitching for Giants . Gillespie grounded out to shortstop . Haren flied out to left . Gordon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Haren pitching for Marlins . Duffy doubled to right . Susac grounded out to shortstop , Duffy to third . Belt hit sacrifice fly to center , Duffy scored . Crawford homered to right center ( 410 feet ) . Blanco singled to right . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Maxwell popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Heston pitching for Giants . Yelich grounded out to first . Hechavarría hit by pitch . Bour grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Hechavarría out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Ishikawa hit for Heston . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Ishikawa grounded out to first . Pagán singled to right . Panik grounded out to second , Pagán to third . Duffy reached on infield single to pitcher , Pagán scored on throwing error by pitcher Dyson . Duffy stole second . Susac struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Strickland pitching for Giants . Realmuto lined out to left . Dietrich grounded out to second . Ozuna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Morris pitching for Marlins . Belt grounded out to second . Crawford lined out to right . Blanco reached on bunt single to pitcher . Maxwell flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Strickland pitching for Giants . Gillespie walked . Suzuki hit for Morris . Suzuki lined out to third . López pitching for Giants . Gordon grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gillespie out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Adrianza hit for López . Adrianza flied out to left . Pagán grounded out to shortstop . Panik safe at first on error by shortstop Hechavarría . Duffy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Yelich singled to center . Hechavarría singled to shallow right center , Yelich to second . Bour homered to right ( 396 feet ) , Yelich and Hechavarría scored . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 5 - Marlins 6 .	Bour homers in 9th to help Marlins beat Giants 6 - 5