Dodgers - Top 1st . Leake pitching for Giants . Crawford flied out to center . Rollins walked . Seager grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rollins out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers . Pagán struck out swinging . Tomlinson walked . Duffy homered to left ( 380 feet ) , Tomlinson scored . Crawford walked . Parker struck out swinging , Crawford stole second . Williamson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Leake pitching for Giants . Ethier flied out to left . Utley fouled out to pitcher . Grandal popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers . Brown grounded out to second . Noonan struck out swinging . Leake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Leake pitching for Giants . Barnes grounded out to pitcher . Pederson grounded out to shortstop . Bolsinger grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers . Pagán reached on infield single to second . Pagán stole second . Tomlinson doubled to right , Pagán scored . Duffy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tomlinson out at third . Crawford lined into double play , second to first , Duffy doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Leake pitching for Giants . Crawford grounded out to second . Rollins singled to center . Rollins to second on balk by Leake . Seager grounded out to pitcher , Rollins to third . Ethier walked . Utley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers . Parker struck out swinging . Williamson struck out swinging , Williamson safe at first on wild pitch by Bolsinger . Brown singled to right , Williamson to third . Johnson pitching for Dodgers . Noonan grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Brown out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Leake pitching for Giants . Grandal grounded out to second . Barnes walked . Pederson grounded out to shortstop , Barnes to second . Gonzalez hit for Johnson . Barnes to third on wild pitch by Leake . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Frías pitching for Dodgers . Leake struck out swinging . Pagán walked . Tomlinson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pagán out at second . Tomlinson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Duffy batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Leake pitching for Giants . Crawford flied out to center . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Seager grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Frias pitching for Dodgers . Duffy reached on infield single to third . Crawford grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Duffy out at second . Parker walked . Williamson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Parker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Leake pitching for Giants . Ethier grounded out to first . Utley grounded out to second . Grandal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Peralta pitching for Dodgers . Brown grounded out to third . Noonan homered to right ( 372 feet ) . Leake struck out swinging . Pagán flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Leake pitching for Giants . Barnes grounded out to pitcher . Pederson flied out to left . Schebler hit for Peralta . Schebler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Tomlinson struck out looking . Duffy singled to center . Duffy stole second . Crawford popped out to shortstop . Parker singled to right center , Duffy scored . Liberatore pitching for Dodgers . Williamson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Parker out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Leake pitching for Giants . Crawford reached on infield single to third . Rollins flied out to center . Seager grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 0 - Giants 5 .	Leake throws 2 - hitter as Giants blank Dodgers