Cubs - Top 1st . Harang pitching for Reds . Pierre tripled to right . Walker doubled to left , Pierre scored . Lee walked . Ramirez singled to left center , Walker to third , Lee to second . Jones hit sacrifice fly to left , Walker scored , Jones safe at first on error by left fielder Dunn . Lee to third , Ramirez to second , Jones to first on error by left fielder Dunn . Barrett lined into double play , third to second , Ramirez doubled off second . Murton homered to right center , Lee and Jones scored . Cedeno popped out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Womack walked . Lopez singled to right , Womack to second . Griffey Jr walked , Womack to third , Lopez to second . Dunn hit sacrifice fly to center , Womack scored , Lopez to third , Griffey Jr to second . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Hatteberg walked . Kearns flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Harang pitching for Reds . Zambrano grounded out to second . Pierre flied out to left . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Valentin flied out to center . Harang struck out swinging . Womack doubled to deep right . Lopez grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Harang pitching for Reds . Lee flied out to center . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Jones flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Griffey Jr grounded out to second . Dunn singled to right . Encarnacion walked , Dunn to second . Hatteberg homered to right center , Dunn and Encarnacion scored . Kearns struck out swinging . Valentin singled to right . Harang struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Harang pitching for Reds . Barrett doubled to deep center . Murton grounded out to pitcher . Cedeno grounded out to shortstop , Barrett to third . Zambrano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Womack grounded out to third . Lopez walked . Griffey Jr grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Harang pitching for Reds . Pierre bunt grounded out to third . Walker hit ground rule double to deep left center . Lee walked . Ramirez flied out to right . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Dunn homered to right . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Hatteberg struck out looking . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Pagan in right field . Kearns doubled to left . Valentin flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Harang pitching for Reds . Barrett walked . Murton reached on infield single to shortstop , Barrett to second . Cedeno reached on bunt single to third , Barrett to third , Murton to second . Hammond pitching for Reds . Pagan singled to left center , Barrett scored , Murton to third , Cedeno to second . Pierre reached on infield single to pitcher , Murton scored , Cedeno to third , Pagan to second . Burns pitching for Reds . Walker singled to left , Cedeno and Pagan scored , Pierre to second . Lee doubled to deep left center , Pierre and Walker scored . Perez hit for Ohman . Ramirez intentionally walked . Perez singled to right , Walker scored , Lee to third , Ramirez to second . Barrett grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lee scored , Perez out at second , Ramirez to third . Murton walked . Williamson pitching for Cubs . Perez at second base . Denorfia hit for Burns . Cedeno struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Williamson pitching for Cubs . Denorfia doubled to deep center . Womack walked . Hairston Jr at second base . Perez at shortstop . Eyre pitching for Cubs . Lopez walked , Denorfia to third , Womack to second . Griffey Jr hit sacrifice fly to center , Denorfia scored , Womack to third , Lopez to second . Dunn struck out swinging . Belisle pitching for Reds . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Belisle pitching for Reds . Pagan grounded out to second . Pierre fouled out to third . Hairston Jr singled to center . Lee walked , Hairston Jr to second . Ramirez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Eyre pitching for Cubs . Hatteberg walked . Kearns reached on infield single to third , Hatteberg to second . Freel hit for Belisle . Valentin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hatteberg out at third , Kearns to second . Aurilia hit for Womack . Freel walked , Kearns to third , Valentin to second . Aurilia hit sacrifice fly to left , Kearns scored , Valentin to third . Aurilia at second base . Coffey pitching for Reds . Lopez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Coffey pitching for Reds . Perez flied out to left . Barrett flied out to center . Mabry hit for Eyre . Murton singled to right . Howry pitching for Cubs . Mabry grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Howry pitching for Cubs . Griffey Jr singled to center . Griffey Jr to second on passed ball by Barrett . Dunn grounded out to second , Griffey Jr to third . Encarnacion struck out swinging . White pitching for Reds . Hatteberg grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . White pitching for Reds . Pagan singled to left . Pierre reached on bunt single to catcher , Pagan to second . Hairston Jr sacrificed to third , Pagan to third , Pierre to second , Hairston Jr safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Encarnacion . Pagan to third on throwing error by third basem . Lee hit sacrifice fly to center , Pagan scored , Pierre to third , Hairston Jr to second . Ramirez intentionally walked . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pierre scored , Ramirez out at second , Hairston Jr to third . Barrett doubled to deep left center , Hairston Jr and Perez scored . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Bynum in left field . Murton flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 9th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Kearns grounded out to shortstop . Ross hit for White . Valentin struck out swinging . Abad walked . Aurilia singled to center , Abad to second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aurilia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 16 - Reds 7 .	Cubs roll past Reds to fourth straight Opening Day win