Marlins - Top 1st . Harang pitching for Reds . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Uggla grounded out to third . Cabrera homered to left . Willingham lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Freel safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera . Phillips grounded into double play , second to first , Freel out at second . Aurilia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 2nd . Harang pitching for Reds . Jacobs struck out swinging . Olivo homered to left . Cepicky struck out swinging . Abercrombie singled to center . Willis singled to left , Abercrombie to second . Ramirez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Dunn walked . Kearns struck out swinging . Hatteberg singled to right , Dunn to second . Encarnacion walked , Dunn to third , Hatteberg to second . LaRue struck out swinging . Harang struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Harang pitching for Reds . Uggla singled to right . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Uggla out at second . Willingham safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Encarnacion . Jacobs walked , Willingham to second . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Freel singled to left . Phillips grounded into double play , third to second to first , Freel out at second . Aurilia reached on infield single to second . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Harang pitching for Reds . Cepicky singled to right . Abercrombie singled to center , Cepicky to second . Willis bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cepicky out at third , Abercrombie to second . Abercrombie caught stealing third , pitcher to third . Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop , Willis to second . Uggla homered to center , Willis and Ramirez scored . Cabrera struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Kearns grounded out to third . Hatteberg singled to right . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hatteberg out at second . Ross hit for Harang . LaRue walked , Encarnacion to second . Ross walked , Encarnacion to third , LaRue to second . Freel reached on infield single to pitcher , Encarnacion scored , LaRue to third , Ross to second . LaRue scored , Ross to third , Freel to second on wild pitch by Willis . Phillips singled to right , Ross and Freel scored . Gosling pitching for Reds . Aurilia grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Gosling pitching for Reds . Willingham flied out to center . Jacobs hit by pitch . Olivo flied out to center . Cepicky struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Dunn grounded out to shortstop . Kearns struck out swinging . Hatteberg lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Gosling pitching for Reds . Abercrombie homered to left . Willis walked . White pitching for Reds . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop , Willis to second . Uggla singled to left , Willis to third . Cabrera reached on infield single to third , Uggla to second . Willingham singled to center , Willis and Uggla scored , Cabrera to second . Jacobs popped out to shortstop . Olivo singled to left , Cabrera thrown out at home , Willingham to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Encarnacion popped out to second . McCracken hit for White . LaRue grounded out to pitcher . Weathers pitching for Reds . McCracken struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Weathers pitching for Reds . Cepicky lined out to left . Amezaga hit for Willis . Abercrombie popped out to second . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Amezaga lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Freel hit by pitch . Phillips singled to center , Freel to second . Aurilia flied out to left . Dunn grounded out to second , Freel scored , Phillips to third . Kearns popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 8th . Weathers pitching for Reds . Ramirez doubled to center . Uggla bunt popped out foul to catcher . Cabrera intentionally walked . Willingham walked , Ramirez to third , Cabrera to second . Jacobs struck out swinging . Reed in center field . Abercrombie in right field . Olivo lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Hatteberg walked . Encarnacion singled to left , Hatteberg to second . Lopez hit for Weathers . Herges pitching for Marlins . LaRue singled to left , Hatteberg to third , Encarnacion to second . Lopez reached on infield single to second , Hatteberg scored , Encarnacion to third , LaRue to second , Encarnacion scored , LaRue to third , Lopez to second on throwing error by second basema . Freel grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LaRue out at home , Lopez to third , Freel to second . Phillips grounded out to shortstop , Lopez scored . Coffey pitching for Reds . Aurilia at second base . Lopez at shortstop . Aurilia popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 9th . Coffey pitching for Reds . Reed bunt grounded out to second . Helms hit for Herges . Abercrombie struck out swinging . Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins . Helms struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins . Dunn walked . Kearns flied out to right . Hatteberg singled to right , Dunn to second . Encarnacion doubled to left , Dunn scored , Hatteberg to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 8 - Reds 9 .	Reds come back as Marlins blow lead , Willis win