Cubs - Top 1st. Gant pitching for Braves. Fowler grounded out to first. Heyward walked. Bryant walked, Heyward to second. Rizzo doubled to deep right, Heyward scored, Bryant to third. Zobrist struck out swinging. Coghlan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Lester pitching for Cubs. Inciarte fouled out to shortstop. d'Arnaud singled to right. Freeman singled to right, d'Arnaud to second. d'Arnaud stole third, Freeman stole second, d'Arnaud scored, Freeman safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ross. Francoeur struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 2nd. Gant pitching for Braves. Báez grounded out to third. Ross struck out swinging. Lester struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Lester pitching for Cubs. García safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Zobrist, García to third on throwing error by catcher Ross. Flowers popped out to shortstop. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to third, García out at home, Aybar to second. Gant grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Gant pitching for Braves. Fowler singled to right center. Heyward lined out to center. Bryant grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fowler out at second. Rizzo popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Lester pitching for Cubs. Inciarte popped out to second. d'Arnaud bunt popped out to pitcher. Freeman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Gant pitching for Braves. Zobrist walked. Coghlan grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zobrist out at second. Báez reached on bunt single to pitcher, Coghlan to second. Ross singled to right, Coghlan to third, Báez to second, Coghlan scored, Báez to third on error by right fielder Markakis. Lester sacrificed to first, Báez scored, Ross to second. Fowler struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 4th. Lester pitching for Cubs. Francoeur struck out swinging. Markakis singled to center, Markakis to second on error by center fielder Fowler. García struck out swinging. Flowers grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 5th. Gant pitching for Braves. Heyward walked. Bryant grounded out to third, Heyward to second. Krol pitching for Braves. Rizzo grounded out to first, Heyward to third. Zobrist flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Lester pitching for Cubs. Aybar struck out swinging. Snyder hit for Krol. Snyder doubled to left. Inciarte grounded out to third. d'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Kelly pitching for Braves. Coghlan doubled to deep right. Báez flied out to right, Coghlan to third. Ross singled to right, Coghlan scored. Lester grounded into double play, Ross out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Lester pitching for Cubs. Freeman struck out swinging. Francoeur struck out looking. Markakis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Kelly pitching for Braves. Fowler grounded out to first. Heyward doubled to deep right center. Bryant walked. Rizzo singled to center, Heyward scored, Bryant to third. Zobrist doubled to deep left center, Bryant scored, Rizzo to third. Coghlan intentionally walked. Ogando pitching for Braves. Báez struck out swinging. Ross walked, Rizzo scored, Zobrist to third, Coghlan to second. Lester grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Almora in left field. Lester pitching for Cubs. García lined out to right. Flowers fouled out to left. Aybar doubled to left. Smith hit for Ogando. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Withrow pitching for Braves. Fowler struck out swinging. Heyward singled to right. Bryant walked, Heyward to second. Rizzo singled to right, Heyward scored, Bryant to third. Zobrist singled to center, Bryant scored, Rizzo to second. Almora singled to center, Rizzo scored, Zobrist to second. Báez homered to left (378 feet), Zobrist and Almora scored. Cervenka pitching for Braves. Ross grounded out to third. Russell hit for Lester. Russell doubled to left. Szczur hit for Fowler. Szczur struck out looking. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Szczur in left field. Federowicz catching. Almora in center field. Báez at third base. Warren pitching for Cubs. Russell at shortstop. Inciarte singled to center. d'Arnaud popped out to second. Freeman flied out to left. Inciarte to second on fielder's indifference. Francoeur singled to left, Inciarte scored. Francoeur to second on fielder's indifference. Markakis walked. García grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Cervenka pitching for Braves. Heyward reached on infield single to shortstop. Federowicz struck out looking. Rizzo lined out to center. Zobrist struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Rondón pitching for Cubs. Flowers struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to first. Pierzynski hit for Cervenka. Pierzynski flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 13 - Braves 2.	Lester allows no earned runs as Cubs rout Braves 13-2