Royals - Top 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. DeJesus hit by pitch. Grudzielanek singled to left, DeJesus to second. Teahen singled to left, DeJesus to third, Grudzielanek to second. Sanders grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, DeJesus scored, Teahen out at second, Grudzielanek to third. Gload reached on infield single to shortstop, Grudzielanek scored. Gordon struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Royals. Roberts grounded out to third. Mora grounded out to third. Markakis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Shealy struck out swinging. LaRue grounded out to third. Pena singled to left center. DeJesus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Royals. Tejada flied out to center. Huff singled to right. Millar reached on infield single to second, Huff to second. Gomez struck out swinging. Patterson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Grudzielanek grounded out to second. Teahen struck out swinging. Sanders walked. Gload singled to center, Sanders to second. Gordon hit by pitch, Sanders to third, Gload to second. Sanders scored, Gload to third, Gordon to second on passed ball by Castillo. Shealy grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Royals. Castillo singled to right. Roberts singled to left, Castillo to second. Mora grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Roberts out at second, Castillo to third. Markakis singled to center, Castillo scored. Tejada flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. LaRue struck out swinging. Pena grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Royals. Huff grounded out to first. Millar flied out to left. Gomez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Grudzielanek doubled to right. Teahen reached on infield single to second, Grudzielanek to third. Sanders grounded into fielder's choice to second, Grudzielanek scored, Teahen out at second. Gload grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sanders out at second. Gload caught stealing second, catcher to first to shortstop. Gordon batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Royals. Patterson struck out swinging. Castillo doubled to deep right. Roberts singled to center, Castillo to third. Mora singled to left, Castillo scored, Roberts to second. Williamson pitching for Orioles. Markakis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mora out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Williamson pitching for Orioles. Gordon singled to right. Shealy popped out to first. Gordon stole second. LaRue struck out swinging. Pena grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Royals. Tejada singled to left. Peralta pitching for Royals. Huff walked, Tejada to second. Millar singled to center, Tejada to third, Huff to second. Gomez homered to left, Tejada, Huff and Millar scored. Patterson grounded out to second. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Castillo walked. Roberts flied out to left. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Mora flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. DeJesus singled to right. Grudzielanek hit by pitch, DeJesus to second. Teahen struck out looking. Sweeney hit for Gload. Sanders struck out swinging. Gobble pitching for Royals. Sweeney struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Markakis popped out to third. Tejada singled to right. Huff grounded out to pitcher, Tejada to second. Bynum ran for Millar. Millar intentionally walked. Bynum in left field. Walker pitching for Orioles. Gomez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Walker pitching for Orioles. Gordon flied out to center. Shealy struck out swinging. Riske pitching for Royals. LaRue struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Riske pitching for Royals. Patterson reached on infield single to second. Castillo bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Patterson out at second. Roberts flied out to center. Ray pitching for Orioles. German hit for Pena. Mora grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Ray pitching for Orioles. German struck out swinging. DeJesus flied out to left. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - Orioles 6.	Orioles' Gomez clears the bases in comeback win