Orioles - Top 1st. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Roberts struck out looking. Markakis walked. Tejada flied out to right. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Lugo singled to left. Lugo picked off first. Youkilis grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Huff grounded out to shortstop. Mora lined out to center. Gibbons doubled to left. Payton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Ramirez fouled out to catcher. Drew grounded out to second. Lowell singled to center. Varitek grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Patterson reached on bunt single to first. Roberts singled to left center, Patterson to second. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Roberts out at second, Patterson to third. Tejada grounded into double play, third to second to first, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Crisp grounded out to second. Pedroia lined out to pitcher. Lugo doubled to left. Youkilis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Huff struck out swinging. Mora struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Ortiz walked. Ramirez walked, Ortiz to second. Drew flied out to right, Ortiz to third, Ramirez to second. Lowell hit sacrifice fly to center, Ortiz scored, Ramirez to third. Varitek walked. Crisp struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Gibbons doubled to left. Payton grounded out to shortstop. Patterson lined out to center. Roberts doubled to left, Gibbons scored. Markakis popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Pedroia safe at first on error by first baseman Huff. Pedroia to second on balk by Trachsel. Lugo sacrificed to first, Pedroia to third. Youkilis walked. Ortiz doubled to left, Pedroia scored, Youkilis to third. Leicester pitching for Orioles. Ramirez doubled to left, Youkilis and Ortiz scored. Drew popped out to second. Lowell flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 6th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Tejada singled to center. Hernandez singled to right, Tejada to second. Huff singled to left, Tejada to third, Hernandez to second. Mora struck out swinging. Gibbons singled to left, Tejada scored, Hernandez to third, Huff to second. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Payton walked, Hernandez scored, Huff to third, Gibbons to second. Patterson grounded out to second, Huff scored, Gibbons to third, Payton to second. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Leicester pitching for Orioles. Varitek hit by pitch. Crisp sacrificed to first, Varitek to second. Pedroia flied out to center. Lugo reached on infield single to shortstop, Varitek to third. Youkilis singled to center, Varitek scored, Lugo to second. Lugo stole third. Ortiz flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Donnelly pitching for Red Sox. Markakis struck out swinging. Tejada singled to center. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Hernandez hit by pitch, Tejada to second. Tejada stole third. Huff struck out swinging. Mora grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Leicester pitching for Orioles. Ramirez walked. Drew walked, Ramirez to second. Lowell walked, Ramirez to third, Drew to second. Varitek struck out swinging. Williams pitching for Orioles. Cora hit for Pedroia. Crisp grounded out to shortstop, Ramirez scored, Drew to third, Lowell to second. Cora singled to right, Drew and Lowell scored. Cora at second base. Millar hit for Gibbons. Lugo flied out to left. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Millar singled to center. Payton singled to center, Millar to second. Patterson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Payton out at second. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Youkilis grounded out to third. Ortiz singled to right. Ramirez hit by pitch, Ortiz to second. Drew singled to left, Ortiz scored, Ramirez to second. Lowell singled to left, Ramirez scored, Drew to third. Varitek singled to center, Drew scored, Lowell to second. Crisp struck out swinging. Cora reached on infield single to shortstop, Lowell to third, Varitek to second. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Lugo reached on infield single to shortstop, Lowell scored, Varitek to third, Cora to second. Pena hit for Ortiz. Youkilis reached on infield single to third, Varitek scored, Cora to third, Lugo to second. Mirabelli catching. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Pena flied out to right. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Bynum hit for Tejada. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Markakis struck out looking. Bako hit for Hernandez. Bynum flied out to left. Bako singled to left. Huff lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 4 - Red Sox 13.	Red Sox resume home domination over Orioles