Blue Jays - Top 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Rios reached on infield single to shortstop. Overbay flied out to left. Wells grounded out to shortstop, Rios to third. Glaus doubled to deep left, Rios scored. Stairs flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts lined out to third. Markakis grounded out to second. Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Thomas grounded out to shortstop. Hill grounded out to third. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Huff struck out swinging. Mora struck out swinging. Millar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Phillips homered to center. Rios reached on infield single to third. Overbay struck out looking. Overbay struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Gibbons singled to left. Payton grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gibbons out at second. Roberts struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Glaus struck out looking. Stairs flied out to center. Thomas grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis doubled to deep center. Tejada walked. Hernandez walked, Markakis to third, Tejada to second. Huff singled to center, Markakis scored, Tejada to third, Hernandez to second. Mora grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tejada scored, Huff out at second, Hernandez to third. Millar grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Hill walked. Clayton singled to right, Hill to second. Phillips walked, Hill to third, Clayton to second. Rios singled to left, Hill scored, Clayton to third, Phillips to second. Overbay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Clayton scored, Rios out at second, Phillips to third. Wells singled to shallow right, Phillips scored. Glaus hit by pitch, Wells to second. Stairs safe at first on error by pitcher Cabrera, Wells scored, Glaus to second. Williamson pitching for Orioles. Thomas flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Gibbons hit by pitch. Payton struck out swinging. Roberts homered to right, Gibbons scored. Markakis doubled to deep center. Markakis to third on wild pitch by Burnett. Tejada struck out swinging. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Williamson pitching for Orioles. Hill walked. Clayton struck out swinging. Phillips singled to center, Hill to second. Rios flied into double play, right to second, Hill doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Huff flied out to center. Mora grounded out to shortstop. Millar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Overbay grounded out to third. Wells fouled out to first. Lind hit for Stairs. Glaus walked. Lind in left field. Lind grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Gibbons struck out swinging. Payton flied out to center. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Thomas grounded out to shortstop. Hill grounded out to first. Clayton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis singled to left. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Markakis out at second. Walker pitching for Orioles. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Walker pitching for Orioles. Phillips flied out to left. Rios fouled out to catcher. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Overbay popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Huff flied out to center. Mora flied out to right. Millar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Orioles 4.	Burnett fans 8 as Blue Jays win fifth of last seven