Orioles - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Roberts hit ground rule double to deep right center. Payton sacrificed to third, Roberts to third. Markakis singled to left, Roberts scored. Tejada lined out to center. Millar fouled out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Suzuki homered to right. Lopez singled to right. Guillen lined out to right. Ibanez struck out looking. Sexson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Huff doubled to deep center. Mora singled to center, Huff to third. Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to left, Huff scored. Patterson doubled to right, Mora to third. Roberts walked. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mora scored, Roberts out at second, Patterson to third. Markakis singled to right, Patterson scored, Payton to second. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to second, Markakis out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Johjima singled to center. Betancourt singled to center, Johjima to third. Bloomquist singled to right, Johjima scored, Betancourt to second. Ellison struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bloomquist out at second, Betancourt to third. Lopez lined out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Millar struck out swinging. Huff singled to right center. Mora lined out to shortstop. Hernandez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Guillen doubled to deep right. Ibanez grounded out to third. Sexson struck out swinging. Johjima doubled to left, Guillen scored. Betancourt struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Patterson grounded out to second. Roberts hit ground rule double to deep center. Payton grounded out to shortstop, Roberts to third. Markakis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Bloomquist singled to right. Ellison safe at first on error by second baseman Roberts, Bloomquist to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ellison out at second, Bloomquist to third. Lopez struck out looking. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Tejada singled to left center. Millar struck out swinging. Huff struck out looking. Mora singled to right, Tejada to third. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mora out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Ibanez popped out to third. Sexson flied out to center. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Patterson struck out swinging. Roberts doubled to deep center. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Payton lined out to center. Green pitching for Mariners. Markakis walked. Roberts caught stealing third, catcher to second to third. Tejada batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Betancourt flied out to left. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Ellison flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Green pitching for Mariners. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Millar walked. Huff grounded into fielder's choice to second, Millar out at second. Walker pitching for Orioles. Mora grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Walker pitching for Orioles. Suzuki singled to center. Lopez struck out swinging. Guillen struck out swinging. Ibanez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Green pitching for Mariners. Hernandez struck out swinging. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Patterson walked. Roberts struck out swinging. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Payton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Sexson popped out to second. Johjima struck out swinging. Betancourt singled to right. Broussard hit for Ellison. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Vidro hit for Broussard. Bloomquist singled to right, Betancourt to third. Beltre ran for Vidro. Vidro singled to shallow center, Betancourt scored, Bloomquist to second. Suzuki doubled to left, Bloomquist scored, Beltre to third. Lopez doubled to right, Beltre and Suzuki scored. Guillen intentionally walked. Bloomquist in center field. Beltre at third base. Putz pitching for Mariners. Ibanez grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Markakis struck out swinging. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Millar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 4 - Mariners 7.	Four-run, two-out rally in 8th drives M's over O's