Angels - Top 1st. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Figgins hit ground rule double to left. Cabrera singled to right, Figgins scored. Guerrero flied out to left. Cabrera caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to first. Matthews singled to left. Kotchman grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Escobar pitching for Angels. Roberts flied out to left. Gomez struck out swinging. Markakis popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Kendrick singled to right center. Morales singled to left, Morales out at second, Kendrick to third. Kendrick scored on Trachsel's wild pitch. Napoli flied out to center. Quinlan reached on infield single to shortstop. Figgins singled to right, Quinlan to second. Cabrera singled to center, Quinlan scored, Figgins to third. Bell pitching for Orioles. Guerrero doubled to deep right, Figgins and Cabrera scored. Matthews flied out to left. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Hernandez flied out to center. Huff tripled to deep right. Mora reached on infield single to shortstop, Huff scored. Gibbons struck out swinging. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mora out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Bell pitching for Orioles. Kotchman flied out to right. Kendrick flied out to left. Morales flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Patterson doubled to deep left center. Roberts popped out to shortstop. Gomez grounded out to third. Markakis popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Bell pitching for Orioles. Napoli fouled out to first. Quinlan grounded out to shortstop. Figgins reached on infield single to second. Figgins stole second, Figgins safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hernandez. Cabrera popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Huff doubled to deep right. Mora homered to left, Huff scored. Gibbons flied out to center. Payton reached on infield single to third. Patterson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Bell pitching for Orioles. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Matthews walked. Kotchman lined out to center. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Matthews out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Roberts singled to left center. Gomez doubled to left, Roberts to third. Markakis grounded out to second, Roberts scored, Gomez to third. Hernandez walked. Huff homered to right, Gomez and Hernandez scored. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Mora doubled to left. Gibbons struck out swinging. Payton walked. Patterson grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Bell pitching for Orioles. Morales grounded out to pitcher. Napoli flied out to center. Quinlan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Roberts grounded out to third. Gomez flied out to center. Williamson pitching for Orioles. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Williamson pitching for Orioles. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera homered to left. Walker pitching for Orioles. Guerrero grounded out to third. Matthews reached on infield single to third. Kotchman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matthews out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Fahey ran for Huff. Huff singled to center. Moseley pitching for Angels. Mora popped out to shortstop. Gomez at first base. Fahey at shortstop. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Gibbons lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Kendrick grounded out to pitcher. Morales grounded out to shortstop. Aybar hit for Quinlan. Napoli walked. Aybar hit by pitch, Napoli to second. Figgins singled to right, Napoli scored, Aybar to third. Aybar in left field. Cabrera struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Payton grounded out to first. Patterson doubled to deep left center. Shields pitching for Angels. Roberts intentionally walked. Ray pitching for Orioles. Gomez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Roberts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Ray pitching for Orioles. Guerrero hit by pitch. Matthews grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guerrero out at second. Kotchman flied out to left. Kendrick homered to center, Matthews scored. Haynes in left field. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Morales struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Markakis flied out to center. Hernandez flied out to right. Fahey flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 9 - Orioles 7.	Huff hits for cycle in Orioles' loss to Angels