Orioles - Top 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Roberts struck out swinging. Patterson singled to left center. Markakis flied out to center. Millar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Suzuki lined out to third. Vidro walked. Guillen reached on infield single to second, Vidro to second. Broussard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guillen out at second, Vidro to third. Beltre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Hernandez fouled out to catcher. Huff grounded out to third. Payton homered to left. Knott struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Sexson walked. Johjima walked, Sexson to second. Lopez sacrificed to third, Sexson to third, Johjima to second. Betancourt singled to center, Sexson scored, Johjima to third. Suzuki singled to right, Johjima scored, Betancourt to second. Vidro struck out swinging. Guillen grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Gomez flied out to center. Roberts fouled out to first. Patterson singled to center. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Broussard singled to right. Beltre singled to left, Broussard to second. Sexson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beltre out at second, Broussard to third. Broussard scored on Cabrera's wild pitch. Johjima grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Millar grounded out to pitcher. Hernandez singled to center. Huff grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hernandez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Lopez flied out to center. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki hit ground rule double to deep left center. Vidro singled to center, Suzuki scored. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vidro out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Payton flied out to center. Knott grounded out to third. Gomez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Broussard homered to right center. Beltre struck out swinging. Sexson grounded out to second. Johjima grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Roberts doubled to left. Roberts stole third. Patterson grounded out to shortstop, Roberts scored. Markakis struck out swinging. Millar hit by pitch. Hernandez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Lopez singled to left. Betancourt reached on infield single to second, Lopez to second. Suzuki flied out to right. Vidro flied out to right. Baez pitching for Orioles. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Huff singled to left. Payton doubled to deep left center, Huff to third. Knott hit sacrifice fly to left, Huff scored. Gomez singled to right, Payton scored. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Roberts walked, Gomez to second. Patterson singled to left, Gomez to third, Roberts to second. Markakis hit sacrifice fly to left, Gomez scored. Green pitching for Mariners. Millar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Patterson out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Baez pitching for Orioles. Broussard lined out to shortstop. Beltre walked. Sexson hit by pitch, Beltre to second. Beltre stole third, Sexson stole second. Johjima struck out swinging. Lopez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Ellison in left field. Green pitching for Mariners. Hernandez grounded out to second. Huff grounded out to first. Payton bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Baez pitching for Orioles. Betancourt doubled to deep left. Walker pitching for Orioles. Suzuki flied out to right, Betancourt to third. Vidro intentionally walked. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Guillen hit by pitch, Vidro to second. Ibanez hit for Ellison. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Betancourt out at home, Vidro to third, Guillen to second. Beltre walked, Vidro scored, Guillen to third, Ibanez to second. Bloomquist ran for Ibanez. Sexson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Bloomquist in left field. Putz pitching for Mariners. Gibbons hit for Knott. Gibbons flied out to left. Gomez popped out to shortstop. Roberts grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 5 - Mariners 6.	Beltre bases-loaded walk helps M's spoil O's rally