Orioles - Top 1st. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Roberts doubled to right. Redman singled to left, Roberts to third. Redman stole second. Markakis doubled to deep left center, Roberts and Redman scored. Tejada flied out to right. Millar grounded out to catcher, Markakis to third. Huff grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Damon struck out looking. Jeter singled to center. Abreu flied out to left. Rodriguez reached on infield single to pitcher, Jeter to second. Matsui flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Mora flied out to right. Hernandez singled to right. Payton grounded into double play, second to first, Hernandez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Posada singled to left. Giambi hit by pitch, Posada to second. Cano hit by pitch, Posada to third, Giambi to second. Mientkiewicz singled to right, Posada and Giambi scored, Cano to third, Mientkiewicz out stretching at second. Damon struck out looking. Jeter struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Roberts struck out swinging. Redman popped out to shortstop. Markakis lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Abreu grounded out to first. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Matsui homered to right center. Posada flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Tejada struck out swinging. Millar singled to center. Millar to second on wild pitch by Hughes. Huff grounded out to second, Millar to third. Mora grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Giambi walked. Cano doubled to deep left center, Giambi scored. Mientkiewicz sacrificed to third, Cano to third. Damon singled to center, Cano scored. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to second, Damon out at second. Abreu struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Hernandez fouled out to catcher. Payton struck out swinging. Roberts flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. Posada singled to center. Giambi walked, Posada to second. Cano grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Redman flied out to left. Markakis lined out to first. Tejada walked. Millar doubled to deep left, Tejada to third. Huff walked. Mora struck out swinging. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Mientkiewicz walked. Hoey pitching for Orioles. Damon walked, Mientkiewicz to second. Jeter struck out swinging. Abreu hit ground rule double to deep center, Mientkiewicz scored, Damon to third. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to right, Damon scored. Matsui grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Hernandez grounded out to third. Payton doubled to deep right. Roberts singled to left, Payton to third. Redman singled to right, Payton scored, Roberts to second. Markakis popped out to shortstop. Tejada hit by pitch, Roberts to third, Redman to second. Vizcaino pitching for Yankees. Millar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Hoey pitching for Orioles. Posada singled to deep right, Posada out stretching at second. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Giambi flied out to left. Cano reached on infield single to third. Mientkiewicz walked, Cano to second. Damon grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Vizcaino pitching for Yankees. Huff fouled out to third. Mora singled to right. Hernandez grounded out to third, Mora to second. Payton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Fahey in left field. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Jeter doubled to deep right. Abreu singled to center, Jeter scored. Rodriguez walked, Abreu to second. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez out at second, Abreu to third. Posada struck out swinging. Giambi walked, Matsui to second. Duncan ran for Giambi. Liz pitching for Orioles. Cano fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Roberts walked. Redman grounded out to pitcher, Roberts to second. Roberts to third on wild pitch by Farnsworth. Markakis singled to right, Roberts scored. Hernandez hit for Tejada. Hernandez flied out to center. Millar singled to left, Markakis to second. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Huff doubled to deep right, Markakis scored, Millar to third. Mora struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 5 - Yankees 8.	Yankees pick off Orioles to trim deficit in AL East