Blue Jays - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Orioles. Johnson hit by pitch. Stairs walked, Johnson to second. Rios singled to left, Johnson to third, Stairs to second. Thomas hit sacrifice fly to left, Johnson scored. Hill singled to center, Stairs to third, Rios to second. Zaun walked, Stairs scored, Rios to third, Hill to second. Lind singled to left, Rios and Hill scored, Zaun to second. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lind out at second, Zaun to third. McDonald walked, Adams to second. Johnson reached on infield single to third, Zaun scored, Adams to third, McDonald to second. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Stairs singled to center, Adams and McDonald scored, Johnson to third. Rios singled to center, Johnson scored, Stairs to second. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rios out at second. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts flied out to left. Mora singled to center. Markakis safe at first on error by third baseman Adams, Mora to second. Tejada flied out to right. Millar popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Hill singled to left center. Zaun struck out swinging. Lind flied out to right. Adams grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Hernandez lined out to center. Moore flied out to left. Payton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop McDonald. Redman singled to right, Payton to second. Roberts walked, Payton to third, Redman to second. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to third, Roberts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Birkins pitching for Orioles. McDonald struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to second. Stairs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis reached on infield single to second. Tejada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second. Millar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Rios walked. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rios out at second. Hill singled to right, Thomas to second. Zaun struck out swinging. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Hernandez grounded out to third. Moore struck out swinging. Payton popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Adams grounded out to second. McDonald singled to right. Johnson lined out to left. Stairs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Redman grounded out to second. Roberts struck out looking. Mora popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Liz pitching for Orioles. Rios walked. Thomas walked, Rios to second. Hill walked, Rios to third, Thomas to second. Zaun popped out to second. Lind struck out swinging. Adams flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis singled to center. Tejada flied out to center. Millar singled to center, Markakis to second. Hernandez singled to left, Markakis scored, Millar to second. Moore grounded out to first, Millar to third, Hernandez to second. Payton safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Adams, Millar scored, Hernandez to third. Redman singled to left, Hernandez scored, Payton to second. Roberts struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Liz pitching for Orioles. McDonald struck out swinging. Johnson flied out to center. Stairs flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Luna at third base. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Mora lined out to center. Markakis singled to right. Tejada popped out to shortstop. Millar fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Liz pitching for Orioles. Rios grounded out to third. Thomas grounded out to shortstop. Hill grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Hernandez singled to left. Moore doubled to right, Hernandez to third. Payton singled to left, Hernandez scored, Moore to third. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Redman hit sacrifice fly to left, Moore scored. Roberts lined out to right. Mora flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Liz pitching for Orioles. Zaun struck out swinging. Lind walked. Luna struck out looking. McDonald fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis singled to left. Tejada flied out to right. Millar lined out to center. Markakis to second on fielder's indifference. Hernandez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 8 - Orioles 5.	Jays make history with 8-run first in win vs. O's