Yankees - Top 1st. Burres pitching for Orioles. Damon struck out swinging. Jeter tripled to center. Abreu walked. Rodriguez singled to right center, Jeter scored, Abreu to second. Giambi flied out to right. Betemit struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Henn pitching for Yankees. Redman popped out to shortstop. Hernandez grounded out to first. Mora flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Burres pitching for Orioles. Cabrera singled to right. Mientkiewicz flied out to right. Molina singled to left center, Cabrera to second. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second, Cabrera to third. Jeter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Henn pitching for Yankees. Tejada flied out to center. Millar homered to left. Payton walked. Moore grounded into fielder's choice to second, Payton out at second. Moore to second on passed ball by Molina. House fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Burres pitching for Orioles. Abreu flied out to left. Rodriguez singled to center. Giambi flied out to left. Betemit doubled to left, Rodriguez scored. Cabrera popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Henn pitching for Yankees. Bynum struck out swinging. Redman struck out swinging. Hernandez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Burres pitching for Orioles. Mientkiewicz hit ground rule double to deep right. Molina singled to right, Mientkiewicz to third. Damon singled to shallow left, Mientkiewicz scored, Molina to second. Jeter walked, Molina to third, Damon to second. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to second, Molina scored, Jeter out at second, Damon to third. Zambrano pitching for Orioles. Abreu stole second. Rodriguez walked. Sardinha ran for Rodriguez. Giambi hit by pitch, Damon scored, Abreu to third, Sardinha to second. Betemit grounded out to first, Abreu scored, Sardinha to third, Giambi to second. Cabrera grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Duncan in left field. Gonzalez at shortstop. Sardinha at third base. Wright pitching for Yankees. Mora reached on infield single to third. Tejada hit by pitch, Mora to second. Millar reached on infield single to shortstop, Mora to third, Tejada to second. Payton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mora scored, Millar out at second, Tejada to third. Moore struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Orioles. Mientkiewicz walked. Mientkiewicz to second on wild pitch by Zambrano. Molina singled to left, Mientkiewicz to third. Duncan walked, Molina to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Abreu walked, Mientkiewicz scored, Molina to third, Duncan to second. Bell pitching for Orioles. Sardinha hit sacrifice fly to right, Molina scored, Duncan to third. Giambi singled to right, Duncan scored, Abreu to second. Betemit struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Wright pitching for Yankees. House hit by pitch. Bynum struck out swinging. Redman grounded into fielder's choice to second, House out at second. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Redman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Liz pitching for Orioles. Cabrera walked. Mientkiewicz singled to right, Cabrera to second. Molina struck out swinging. Duncan flied out to center. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Ohlendorf pitching for Yankees. Mora grounded out to second. Tejada singled to center. Fahey ran for Tejada. Millar walked, Fahey to second. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Millar out at second, Fahey to third. Moore singled to left, Fahey scored, Payton to second. House grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moore out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Fahey at shortstop. Liz pitching for Orioles. Abreu lined out to center. Sardinha walked. Giambi struck out swinging. Betemit singled to center, Sardinha scored. Cabrera flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Ohlendorf pitching for Yankees. Bynum struck out swinging. Redman flied out to center. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Hernandez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Molina catching. Moore at third base. House at first base. Liz pitching for Orioles. Mientkiewicz flied out to left. Molina struck out swinging. Duncan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Britton pitching for Yankees. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Fahey lined out to shortstop. Millar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Liz pitching for Orioles. Gonzalez popped out to first. Abreu flied out to center. Sardinha singled to center. Giambi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Payton flied out to right. Moore flied out to left. House homered to left center. Bynum struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 10 - Orioles 4.	A-Rod finishes season with 156th RBI in Yanks' win