Braves - Top 1st. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Bourn grounded out to second. Prado walked. Freeman homered to left, Prado scored. (383 feet). McCann flied out to right. Uggla grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Minor pitching for Braves. Pollock grounded out to second. Bloomquist grounded out to second. Kubel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Heyward singled to center. Francisco struck out swinging, Heyward stole second. Pastornicky lined out to first. Minor struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Minor pitching for Braves. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Roberts grounded out to pitcher. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Bourn singled to right center. Prado fouled out to second. Freeman struck out swinging. McCann flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Minor pitching for Braves. Parra singled to right. Blanco singled to left, Parra to second. Parra stole third, Blanco stole second. Collmenter grounded out to shortstop, Parra scored. Pollock flied out to center. Bloomquist struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Uggla grounded out to third. Heyward grounded out to first. Francisco grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Minor pitching for Braves. Kubel singled to center. Goldschmidt singled to right, Kubel to second. Roberts flied out to left. Hill singled to left, Kubel thrown out at home, Goldschmidt to second. Parra grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Pastornicky grounded out to third. Minor struck out swinging. Bourn singled to center. Prado flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Minor pitching for Braves. Blanco safe at second on error by second baseman Uggla. Collmenter sacrificed to pitcher, Blanco to third. Pollock hit sacrifice fly to right, Blanco scored. Bloomquist struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 6th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Freeman flied out to center. McCann reached on infield single to third. Uggla singled to right, McCann to third. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Heyward doubled to left, McCann scored, Uggla to third. Francisco singled to center, Uggla and Heyward scored, Francisco to second advancing on throw. Pastornicky grounded out to first, Francisco to third. Minor grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Minor pitching for Braves. Kubel struck out looking. Goldschmidt flied out to left. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Bourn walked. Prado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bourn out at second. Freeman homered to right, Prado scored. (418 feet). McCann singled to deep right, McCann out stretching at second. Uggla reached on infield single to third. Heyward struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Minor pitching for Braves. Hill struck out looking. Parra bunt grounded out to pitcher. Blanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Francisco doubled to right. Pastornicky grounded out to first, Francisco to third. Minor grounded into fielder's choice to third, Francisco out at home. Bourn walked, Minor to second. Prado doubled to left, Minor and Bourn scored. Freeman doubled to deep left, Prado scored. McCann grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. McDonald hit for Paterson. Minor pitching for Braves. McDonald grounded out to second. Pollock grounded out to second. Bloomquist struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. McDonald at shortstop. Uggla singled to center. Heyward grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Uggla out at second. Francisco flied out to center. Pastornicky singled to center, Heyward to second. Hinske hit for Minor. Hinske flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Venters pitching for Braves. Kubel grounded out to first. Goldschmidt flied out to right. Roberts walked. Hill walked, Roberts to second. Parra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 10 - Diamondbacks 2.	Freeman has 5 RBIs, Braves crush D-backs