Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Parra grounded out to first. Hill struck out swinging. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond doubled to deep right. Lombardozzi flied out to right. Werth struck out swinging. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Kubel flied out to left. Montero singled to left. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third, Montero to second. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to third, Goldschmidt out at second, Montero to third. McDonald grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Nady grounded out to third. Espinosa grounded out to shortstop. Harper reached on infield single to first. Harper caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Ramos batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Saunders grounded out to first. Parra singled to right. Parra caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher. Hill flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramos singled to left. Jackson struck out bunting foul. Desmond flied out to left. Lombardozzi doubled to deep left, Ramos scored. Werth fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Upton homered to center (419 feet). Kubel singled to left. Montero singled to right, Kubel to third. Goldschmidt lined out to center. Roberts hit sacrifice fly to left, Kubel scored. McDonald flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. LaRoche struck out looking. Nady grounded out to first. Espinosa walked. Espinosa stole second. Harper doubled to deep right center, Espinosa scored. Ramos reached on infield single to second, Harper scored, Ramos to second on error by catcher Montero. Jackson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Saunders popped out to shortstop. Parra grounded out to second. Hill lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond struck out swinging. Lombardozzi flied out to left. Werth flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Upton walked. Kubel flied out to center. Montero struck out swinging. Upton stole second. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right, Upton scored. Roberts singled to left, Goldschmidt scored, Roberts to second on error by left fielder Nady. McDonald intentionally walked. Saunders grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. LaRoche singled to center. LaRoche caught stealing second, catcher to second. Nady flied out to right. Espinosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Moore in left field. Parra grounded out to first. Hill singled to left. Upton popped out to catcher. Hill stole second. Kubel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Harper flied out to center. Ramos walked. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Moore struck out swinging. Desmond grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Montero reached on infield single to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Roberts grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Montero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Lombardozzi walked. Werth reached on infield single to third, Lombardozzi to second. Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks. LaRoche lined out to right. Flores hit for Stammen. Flores struck out swinging. Espinosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. McDonald singled to center. Overbay hit for Breslow. Overbay struck out swinging. McDonald caught stealing second, catcher to second to first to second. Parra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Harper doubled to deep center. Ramos struck out swinging. Ankiel hit for Moore. Ankiel struck out swinging. Desmond homered to left center (389 feet), Harper scored. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Nationals 5.	Harper fuels Nats' skid-ending walk-off win