Cardinals - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal homered to center (441 feet). Beltran flied out to right. Holliday fouled out to first. Craig singled to center. Freese doubled to deep left, Craig scored. Molina singled to right, Freese scored, Molina to second advancing on throw. Jay grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Parra tripled to deep right center. Upton struck out swinging. Kubel walked. Montero struck out looking, Kubel stole second. Ransom struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Greene struck out looking. Lynn struck out swinging. Furcal popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Overbay lined out to shortstop. Hill lined out to left. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Beltran homered to left (430 feet). Holliday homered to left center (427 feet). Craig flied out to center. Freese fouled out to right. Molina doubled to right center. Jay grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Saunders walked. Parra struck out swinging. Upton flied out to center. Kubel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Greene reached on infield single to shortstop. Lynn grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Greene safe at second on throwing error by catcher Montero. Furcal singled to center, Greene scored, Lynn to second. Beltran popped out to third. Holliday walked, Lynn to third, Furcal to second. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Craig walked, Lynn scored, Furcal to third, Holliday to second. Freese grounded into double play, third to second to first, Craig out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Montero walked. Ransom struck out swinging. Overbay walked, Montero to second. Hill fouled out to first. Bloomquist singled to left, Montero thrown out at home, Overbay to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Ransom at shortstop. Roberts at third base. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Jay singled to right. Greene grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Pollock hit for Ziegler. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Pollock singled to center. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pollock out at second. Upton struck out swinging. Kubel flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks. Pollock in right field. Robinson hit for Lynn. Robinson safe at first on error by third baseman Roberts. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Robinson out at second. Beltran flied out to left. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to third, Furcal out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Romero pitching for Cardinals. Montero singled to right. Ransom homered to left (452 feet), Montero scored. Overbay walked. Hill singled to left, Overbay to second. Roberts doubled to deep left, Overbay and Hill scored. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Pollock reached on infield single to shortstop, Roberts to third. Parra reached on bunt single to pitcher, Roberts scored, Pollock to second. Goldschmidt hit for Zagurski. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Kubel struck out swinging. Montero singled to center, Pollock scored, Parra to second. Ransom struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Craig homered to center (439 feet). Freese homered to center (435 feet). Molina walked. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. Greene popped out to first. Schumaker hit for Salas. Schumaker grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Marte pitching for Cardinals. Overbay grounded out to second. Hill struck out swinging. Roberts flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal singled to center. Furcal stole second. Beltran hit by pitch. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beltran out at second, Furcal to third. Craig walked. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to third, Craig out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Marte pitching for Cardinals. Pollock grounded out to second. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Carpenter at first base. Parra grounded out to second. McDonald hit for Hernandez. McDonald grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina flied out to left. Jay lined out to center. Greene flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Kubel singled to right. Montero struck out swinging. Ransom singled to left, Kubel to second. Overbay struck out swinging. Hill grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 9 - Diamondbacks 6.	Lynn halts D-backs for MLB-best 6th victory