Astros - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Schafer doubled to center. Gonzalez doubled to right, Schafer scored. Downs reached on bunt single to pitcher, Gonzalez to third. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez scored, Downs out at second. Bogusevic reached on bunt single to third. Johnson lined out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Norris pitching for Astros. Parra walked. Drew doubled to deep right center, Parra scored. Hill singled to right, Drew to third. Kubel struck out swinging. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Drew out at home, Hill to second. Montero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Bixler struck out swinging. Corporan struck out looking. Norris reached on infield single to shortstop. Schafer singled to right center, Norris to third. Schafer caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Gonzalez batting. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Norris pitching for Astros. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Wheeler struck out swinging. Cahill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Cahill. Downs sacrificed to pitcher, Gonzalez to third. Martinez grounded out to third. Bogusevic grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Norris pitching for Astros. Parra grounded out to second. Drew walked. Drew to second on wild pitch by Norris. Hill singled to left, Drew to third. Hill stole second. Kubel grounded out to second, Drew scored, Hill to third. Upton homered to right  (393 feet), Hill scored. Montero struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson doubled to left. Bixler grounded out to third. Corporan lined out to third. Norris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Norris pitching for Astros. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Wheeler struck out swinging. Cahill grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Schafer walked. Schafer caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Downs doubled to left. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Norris pitching for Astros. Parra doubled to deep left center. Drew flied out to center, Parra to third. Hill walked. Kubel walked, Hill to second. Upton walked, Parra scored, Hill to third, Kubel to second. Montero singled to center, Hill and Kubel scored, Upton to third. Del Rosario pitching for Astros. Goldschmidt doubled to deep left, Upton scored, Montero to third. Wheeler grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Montero out at home, Goldschmidt to third, Wheeler to second. Cahill singled to center, Goldschmidt scored, Wheeler thrown out at home. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Bogusevic walked. Bogusevic to second on wild pitch by Cahill. Johnson grounded out to first, Bogusevic to third. Bixler safe at first on error by third baseman Wheeler, Bogusevic scored. Corporan doubled to deep center, Bixler scored. Maxwell hit for Del Rosario. Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks. Maxwell walked. Schafer struck out looking. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Moore at third base. Abad pitching for Astros. Parra doubled to left. Drew fouled out to first. Parra caught stealing third, catcher to third. Hill doubled to right. Kubel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Downs grounded out to shortstop. Martinez grounded out to third. Bogusevic lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Cruz pitching for Astros. Upton popped out to second. Montero singled to left center. Goldschmidt walked, Montero to second. Wheeler singled to center, Montero to third, Goldschmidt to second. Roberts hit for Ziegler. Roberts singled to left center, Montero scored, Goldschmidt to third, Wheeler to second. Wright pitching for Astros. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to first, Goldschmidt scored, Wheeler to third, Roberts to second. Drew singled to right, Wheeler and Roberts scored, Parra to third. Hill struck out swinging. Kubel struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Albaladejo pitching for Diamondbacks. Roberts in left field. Moore flied out to left. Bixler flied out to center. Corporan homered to right center (419 feet). Francisco hit for Wright. Francisco singled to left. Schafer struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Cordero pitching for Astros. Upton flied out to right. Montero grounded out to second. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez singled to deep center. Downs flied out to center. Martinez singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Bogusevic struck out swinging. Moore homered to right (422 feet), Gonzalez and Martinez scored. Bixler struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 8 - Diamondbacks 13.	Upton's 99th homer helps D-backs top Houston