Mets - Top 1st. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Valdespin grounded out to second. Wright flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Niese pitching for Mets. Bloomquist flied out to right. Hill struck out swinging. Kubel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Davis homered to right. Murphy doubled to left. Bay popped out to catcher. Thole flied out to left. Torres singled to center, Murphy scored. Niese grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Niese pitching for Mets. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Upton singled to right. Young singled to center, Upton to second. Drew singled to right, Upton to third, Young to second. Blanco walked, Upton scored, Young to third, Drew to second. Collmenter singled to right, Young scored, Drew to third, Blanco to second. Bloomquist reached on infield single to pitcher, Drew scored, Blanco to third, Collmenter to third, Blanco and Collmenter scored, Bloomquist to third on throwing error by pitcher Niese. Hill hit sacrifice fly to center, Bloomquist scored. Kubel fouled out to left. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 3rd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Tejada singled to center. Valdespin singled to left, Tejada to second. Wright homered to left, Tejada and Valdespin scored. Davis grounded out to second. Murphy grounded out to second. Bay struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Niese pitching for Mets. Goldschmidt popped out to first. Upton flied out to center. Young struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Thole grounded out to first. Torres walked. Niese bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Torres out at second. Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop, Niese to second. Valdespin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Niese pitching for Mets. Drew singled to right center. Blanco popped out to second. Collmenter sacrificed to pitcher, Drew to second. Bloomquist singled to left, Drew scored, Bloomquist to second advancing on throw. Hill grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Wright flied out to right. Davis flied out to right. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Niese pitching for Mets. Kubel doubled to deep left. Goldschmidt singled to center, Kubel scored. Upton flied out to center. Young flied out to left. Goldschmidt caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Drew batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Bay struck out swinging. Thole struck out swinging. Torres struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Niese pitching for Mets. Drew struck out looking. Blanco popped out to shortstop. Overbay hit for Collmenter. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Nieuwenhuis hit for Niese. Nieuwenhuis walked. Tejada grounded out to third, Nieuwenhuis to second. Valdespin struck out swinging. Wright grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Mets. Bloomquist flied out to right. Hill singled to center. Kubel struck out swinging. Goldschmidt singled to center, Hill to second. Upton singled to center, Hill scored, Goldschmidt to second. Young doubled to deep left, Goldschmidt and Upton scored. Drew struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Murphy walked. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Murphy out at second. Thole struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Acosta pitching for Mets. Turner at third base. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. Breslow struck out looking. Bloomquist flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. McDonald at second base. Parra in left field. Andrew Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks. Torres grounded out to second. Turner grounded out to second. Tejada lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 5 - Diamondbacks 11.	D-backs score 6 in second inning, rout Mets