Nationals - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Lombardozzi grounded out to first. Harper struck out looking. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Drew flied out to left. Hill flied out to right. Kubel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. LaRoche grounded out to second. Morse grounded out to third. Werth doubled to deep center. Espinosa walked. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Upton struck out swinging. Montero walked. Johnson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Strasburg grounded out to pitcher. Lombardozzi tripled to deep right center. Harper hit sacrifice fly to right, Lombardozzi scored. Zimmerman walked. LaRoche walked, Zimmerman to second. Morse grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Parra grounded out to second. Cahill grounded out to second. Drew walked. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Werth grounded out to third. Espinosa grounded out to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Kubel popped out to shortstop. Goldschmidt flied out to right. Upton walked. Montero walked, Upton to second. Johnson singled to left, Upton scored, Montero to second. Parra grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Strasburg grounded out to third. Lombardozzi singled to right center. Harper grounded out to second, Lombardozzi to second. Zimmerman homered to left (424 feet), Lombardozzi scored. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Cahill struck out looking. Drew struck out looking. Hill struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Morse homered to center (446 feet). Werth singled to center. Espinosa struck out looking. Suzuki bunt grounded out to pitcher, Werth to second. Strasburg grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Kubel lined out to first. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Albers pitching for Diamondbacks. Lombardozzi singled to center. Harper walked, Lombardozzi to second. Zimmerman flied out to right. LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to first, Harper out at second, Lombardozzi to third, Lombardozzi scored on error by pitcher Albers. Morse grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LaRoche out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Montero grounded out to second. Johnson struck out swinging. Parra bunt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Saito pitching for Diamondbacks. Werth struck out looking. Espinosa lined out to pitcher. Suzuki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Mattheus pitching for Nationals. Wheeler hit for Saito. Wheeler struck out swinging. Drew grounded out to third. Hill lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks. Moore hit for Mattheus. Moore doubled to deep left. Lombardozzi reached on infield single to second, Moore to third. Harper hit sacrifice fly to right, Moore scored, Lombardozzi to second. Zimmerman walked. LaRoche doubled to deep right, Lombardozzi scored, Zimmerman to third. Morse struck out looking. Werth doubled to left, Zimmerman and LaRoche scored. Espinosa lined out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Harper in right field. Bernadina in center field. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Moore in left field. Kubel doubled to center. Goldschmidt popped out to second. McDonald hit for Upton. McDonald reached on infield single to third. Nieves hit for Montero. Nieves grounded out to second, Kubel to third, McDonald to second. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 9 - Diamondbacks 1.	Nats' Strasburg dominates D-backs