Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Eaton struck out swinging. Hill doubled to left. Upton walked. Kubel struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Pagan grounded out to third. Scutaro tripled to deep center. Sandoval grounded out to second, Scutaro scored. Posey lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Montero struck out swinging. Wheeler doubled to left. McDonald struck out looking. Kennedy singled to right, Wheeler scored, Kennedy to second on throwing error by right fielder Pence. Eaton grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Belt struck out swinging. Blanco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Hill singled to right. Upton singled to right, Hill to third. Kubel struck out swinging. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right, Hill scored, Upton to third. Montero intentionally walked. Wheeler popped out to third. McDonald singled to right, Upton and Goldschmidt scored, Montero to third, Montero thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford singled to center. Vogelsong sacrificed to pitcher, Crawford to second. Pagan grounded out to second, Crawford to third. Scutaro doubled to deep left center, Crawford scored. Sandoval walked. Posey safe at first on error by third baseman Wheeler, Scutaro to third, Sandoval to second. Pence lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Kennedy struck out looking. Eaton doubled to left. Hill homered to left (381 feet), Eaton scored. Otero pitching for Giants. Upton flied out to left. Kubel lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt struck out swinging. Blanco struck out swinging. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Otero pitching for Giants. Goldschmidt singled to center. Montero flied out to left. Goldschmidt stole second. Wheeler grounded out to second, Goldschmidt to third. McDonald struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Huff hit for Otero. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Huff struck out looking. Pagan lined out to center. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Loux pitching for Giants. Kennedy flied out to center. Eaton grounded out to second. Hill reached on infield single to shortstop. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Sandoval doubled to left. Posey grounded out to shortstop. Pence doubled to left, Sandoval scored. Belt homered to right (387 feet), Pence scored. Blanco flied out to right. Crawford doubled to deep right. Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks. Theriot hit for Loux. Theriot grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Mijares pitching for Giants. Kubel walked. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to right, Kubel out at second. Montero singled to center, Goldschmidt to third. Wheeler grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Montero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks. Pagan doubled to left. Scutaro sacrificed to pitcher, Pagan to third. Sandoval singled to left, Pagan scored. Posey grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sandoval out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Machi pitching for Giants. McDonald walked. Elmore hit for Bergesen. Elmore bunt popped out to third. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Eaton reached on infield single to pitcher, McDonald to second, McDonald to third, Eaton to second on throwing error by pitcher Affeldt. Hill intentionally walked. Casilla pitching for Giants. Upton popped out to first. Kubel fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 8th. Albers pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence walked. Belt singled to left center, Pence to third. Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks. Arias hit for Blanco. Arias struck out swinging. Nady hit for Crawford. Nady walked, Belt to second. Sanchez hit for Casilla. Sanchez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nady out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Arias at shortstop. Nady in left field. Romo pitching for Giants. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Montero grounded out to second. Wheeler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Lindstrom pitching for Diamondbacks. Pagan struck out swinging. Scutaro flied out to right. Sandoval flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 10th. Romo pitching for Giants. McDonald struck out looking. Parra hit for Lindstrom. Parra grounded out to second. Eaton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 10th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey popped out to second. Pence popped out to second. Belt singled to left. Arias struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 11th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Hill singled to center. Upton flied out to right. Lopez pitching for Giants. Burriss at shortstop. Kubel tripled to deep right center, Hill scored. Goldschmidt intentionally walked. Montero singled to center, Kubel scored, Goldschmidt to second. Wheeler flied out to left. Mota pitching for Giants. McDonald fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 11th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Nady singled to center. Burriss singled to shallow right, Nady to second. Pagan flied out to left. Scutaro flied out to center. Sandoval grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 8 - Giants 6.	Hill's 5 hits lead D-backs past Giants in 11