Giants - Top 1st. Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks. Pagan popped out to third. Scutaro grounded out to third. Sandoval popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Cain pitching for Giants. Eaton walked. Hill reached on bunt single to third, Eaton to second. Kubel struck out swinging. Eaton caught stealing third, catcher to third, Hill to second on runner's fielder's choice. Goldschmidt walked. Montero walked, Hill to third, Goldschmidt to second. Upton fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey lined out to left. Pence reached on infield single to first. Arias singled to left, Pence to second. Belt flied out to left. Blanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Cain pitching for Giants. Wheeler singled to right center. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wheeler safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval. Skaggs sacrificed to third, Wheeler to third, McDonald to second. Eaton flied out to left. Hill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 3rd. Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks. Cain walked. Pagan lined out to center. Scutaro reached on infield single to shortstop, Cain to second. Sandoval singled to center, Cain to third, Scutaro to second. Posey grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cain scored, Scutaro to third, Sandoval to second. Pence homered to left (419 feet), Scutaro, Sandoval and Posey scored. Arias grounded out to shortstop. Belt struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Cain pitching for Giants. Kubel flied out to left. Goldschmidt grounded out to catcher. Montero walked. Upton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco flied out to center. Cain struck out swinging. Pagan lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Cain pitching for Giants. Wheeler grounded out to shortstop. McDonald flied out to left. Parra hit for Skaggs. Parra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks. Scutaro lined out to third. Sandoval singled to right center. Posey grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sandoval out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Cain pitching for Giants. Eaton walked. Hill singled to left, Eaton to second. Kubel lined into double play, second to first, Hill doubled off first. Goldschmidt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence hit by pitch. Arias flied out to right. Pence to second on wild pitch by Bergesen. Belt flied out to left. Blanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Cain pitching for Giants. Montero hit by pitch. Upton singled to right, Montero to second. Mijares pitching for Giants. Johnson hit for Wheeler. Johnson singled to center, Montero scored, Upton to third. Mota pitching for Giants. McDonald hit by pitch, Johnson to second. Young hit for Bergesen. Young lined out to third. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Christian in left field. Eaton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Upton out at home, Johnson to third, McDonald to second. Hill struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Johnson at third base. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Christian flied out to left. Pagan singled to right. Scutaro flied into double play, left to first, Pagan doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Kubel struck out looking. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Montero walked. Casilla pitching for Giants. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Montero out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Lindstrom pitching for Diamondbacks. Sandoval doubled to deep left. Posey grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher. Pence lined out to first. Arias grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sandoval out at third, Posey to second. Belt hit by pitch, Posey to third, Arias to second. Casilla singled to right, Posey scored, Arias to third, Belt to second. Christian grounded into fielder's choice to third, Belt out at third, Casilla to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Crawford at shortstop. Arias at third base. Casilla pitching for Giants. Johnson doubled to deep left. McDonald grounded out to shortstop, Johnson to third. Elmore hit for Lindstrom. Elmore walked. Eaton flied out to left. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Elmore out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Albers pitching for Diamondbacks. Pagan struck out swinging. Scutaro singled to center. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to first, Scutaro out at second. Posey grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Lopez pitching for Giants. Kubel flied out to left. Goldschmidt singled to left. Montero singled to right, Goldschmidt to third. Romo pitching for Giants. Upton struck out swinging. Johnson singled to right center, Goldschmidt scored, Montero to third. McDonald struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 6 - Diamondbacks 2.	Pence's grand slam leads Giants past D-backs