Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Pomeranz pitching for Rockies. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. Hill flied out to center. Upton walked. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center, Upton scored. Montero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler singled to center. Rutledge doubled to left, Fowler scored. Pacheco grounded out to second, Rutledge to third. Rosario singled to center, Rutledge scored. Nelson reached on infield single to shortstop, Rosario to second. Brown struck out swinging. McBride flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Pomeranz pitching for Rockies. Johnson struck out looking. Parra singled to center. McDonald walked, Parra to second. Miley struck out bunting foul. Eaton walked, Parra to third, McDonald to second. Hill flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrera grounded out to second. Pomeranz doubled to deep right. Fowler struck out looking. Rutledge lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Pomeranz pitching for Rockies. Upton walked. Upton stole second, Upton safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rosario. Goldschmidt walked. Montero doubled to deep right center, Upton and Goldschmidt scored. Johnson flied out to right, Montero to third. Parra hit sacrifice fly to left, Montero scored. McDonald singled to right. Miley struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Pacheco singled to left center. Rosario doubled to deep left, Pacheco to third. Nelson grounded out to second, Pacheco scored, Rosario to third. Brown hit sacrifice fly to left, Rosario scored. McBride flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. White pitching for Rockies. Eaton grounded out to first. Hill flied out to center. Upton singled to left. Upton stole second. Goldschmidt walked. Montero singled to right, Upton scored, Goldschmidt to third. Johnson doubled to deep left, Goldschmidt scored, Montero to third. Parra intentionally walked. McDonald singled to left, Montero and Johnson scored, Parra to second. Miley fouled out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. White grounded out to pitcher. Fowler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. White pitching for Rockies. Eaton struck out swinging. Hill walked. Upton reached on infield single to third, Hill to second. Hill to third, Upton to second on wild pitch by White. Goldschmidt safe at first on error by third baseman Nelson, Hill scored, Upton to third. Outman pitching for Rockies. Montero fouled out to left. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Rutledge lined out to left. Pacheco grounded out to first. Rosario grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Outman pitching for Rockies. Parra singled to left. Parra stole second. McDonald singled to left, Parra thrown out at home, Parra to third advancing on play. McDonald to second advancing on throw. Miley grounded out to second, McDonald to third. Eaton homered to right (387 feet), McDonald scored. Hill doubled to deep left center. Upton grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Nelson doubled to left. Brown struck out swinging. McBride singled to left, Nelson to third. Herrera singled to center, Nelson scored, McBride to second. Blackmon hit for Outman. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Herrera out at second, McBride to third. Fowler struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Roenicke pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Montero singled to right. Johnson homered to center (442 feet), Montero scored. Parra grounded out to second. McDonald struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Rutledge hit by pitch. Pacheco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rutledge out at second. Rosario singled to center. Nelson walked, Rosario to second. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nelson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Graham hit for Shaw. Graham struck out looking. Eaton singled to right. Hill doubled to right center, Eaton scored. Upton flied out to right, Hill to third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Saito pitching for Diamondbacks. McBride grounded out to second. Herrera doubled to deep right. Colvin hit for Belisle. Colvin struck out swinging. Fowler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Harris pitching for Rockies. Nieves hit for Montero. Nieves reached on infield single to shortstop. Johnson singled to left, Nieves to second. Parra grounded out to first, Nieves to third, Johnson to second. Elmore hit for McDonald. Elmore grounded out to shortstop, Nieves scored. Jacobs hit for Saito. Jacobs grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Ransom at shortstop. Pollock in right field. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Nieves catching. Elmore at second base. Jacobs at first base. Rutledge flied out to right. Pacheco flied out to right. Rosario popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 15 - Rockies 5.	Johnson homers, drives in 3 in D-backs' rout