Athletics - Top 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Ellis hit by pitch. Kotsay grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ellis out at second. Crosby grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kotsay out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Harden pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to first. Lopez struck out swinging. Ibanez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Chavez flied out to left. Thomas struck out looking. Bradley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Harden pitching for Athletics. Sexson struck out swinging. Everett flied out to right. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Payton singled to left. Kendall singled to center, Payton to second. Swisher flied out to left. Ellis singled to right, Payton scored, Kendall to second, Kendall to third advancing on throw. Kotsay flied out to center, Ellis to second. Crosby struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Harden pitching for Athletics. Reed struck out swinging. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Quiroz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Chavez grounded out to second. Thomas grounded out to shortstop. Bradley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Suzuki popped out to shortstop. Lopez flied out to left. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Payton grounded out to shortstop. Kendall singled to center. Swisher singled to right, Kendall to third. Ellis doubled to left, Kendall scored, Swisher to third. Kotsay intentionally walked. Crosby safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre, Swisher scored, Ellis to third, Kotsay to second. Chavez hit sacrifice fly to left, Ellis scored, Kotsay to third, Crosby to second. Thomas popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Sexson struck out swinging. Everett lined out to left. Beltre singled to center. Reed lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Bradley grounded out to first. Payton doubled to deep center. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Betancourt grounded out to third. Quiroz struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop. Kotsay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ellis out at second. Crosby singled to left. Chavez homered to right, Crosby scored. Thomas flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Lopez flied out to center. Ibanez lined out to first. Sexson doubled to center. Harris pitching for Mariners. Everett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Harris pitching for Mariners. Bradley grounded out to shortstop. Payton singled to right. Kendall grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Payton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Beltre walked. Borchard hit for Betancourt. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Reed singled to left, Beltre to second. Petagine hit for Quiroz. Borchard grounded out to second, Beltre to third, Reed to second. Petagine walked. Suzuki fouled out to third. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Lopez hit by pitch, Beltre scored, Reed to third, Petagine to second. Johjima catching. Bloomquist at shortstop. Woods pitching for Mariners. Ibanez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Woods pitching for Mariners. Swisher flied out to right. Ellis flied out to right. Kotsay singled to shallow left. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Crosby struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Sexson struck out looking. Everett walked. Beltre walked, Everett to second. Everett to third, Beltre to second on wild pitch by Saarloos. Reed grounded out to first, Everett scored, Beltre to third. Street pitching for Athletics. Johjima singled to left, Beltre scored. Johjima to second on fielder's indifference. Bloomquist singled to left, Johjima to third. Bloomquist to second on fielder's indifference. Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher, Johjima scored, Bloomquist to third. Suzuki stole second. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 6 - Mariners 4.	A's ride Harden's gem to victory over Mariners