Tigers - Top 1st. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Granderson flied out to left. Polanco singled to right. Rodriguez fouled out to first. Ordonez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Kendall safe at first on error by shortstop Guillen. Ellis flied out to left. Crosby grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Gomez doubled to left. Shelton grounded out to shortstop, Gomez to third. Guillen walked. Monroe singled to right center, Gomez scored, Guillen to second. Inge struck out swinging. Granderson flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Thomas homered to left. Bradley flied out to right. Payton flied out to left. Swisher singled to left. Kielty struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Polanco flied out to right. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Ordonez singled to left. Gomez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Perez flied out to left. Kendall walked. Ellis lined into double play, second to first, Kendall doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Shelton walked. Guillen singled to right, Shelton to third. Monroe singled to right, Shelton scored, Guillen to third. Inge hit sacrifice fly to center, Guillen scored. Granderson singled to right, Monroe to third. Polanco singled to left, Monroe scored, Granderson to second. Rodriguez flied out to left. Ordonez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Crosby flied out to center. Thomas lined out to shortstop. Bradley safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Inge. Payton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Gomez safe at first on error by pitcher Blanton. Shelton lined out to shortstop. Guillen doubled to deep center, Gomez to third. Monroe intentionally walked. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Inge doubled to left, Gomez and Guillen scored, Monroe to third. Granderson walked. Polanco singled to left, Monroe and Inge scored, Granderson to second. Rodriguez flied out to right, Granderson to third. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Polanco out at second. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Swisher grounded out to second. Kielty grounded out to pitcher. Perez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Gomez singled to center, Gomez to second on error by center fielder Payton. Shelton fouled out to first, Gomez to third. Guillen doubled to left, Gomez scored, Guillen to third on throwing error by third baseman Perez. Monroe hit sacrifice fly to right, Guillen scored. Inge grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Kendall safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Guillen. Ellis flied out to center. Crosby popped out to shortstop. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Thomas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco singled to right, Polanco out at first. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Bradley grounded out to pitcher. Payton fouled out to catcher. Swisher grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Thames hit for Gomez. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Ordonez grounded out to third. Thames grounded out to shortstop. Shelton hit by pitch. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Shelton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Santiago at second base. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Kielty grounded out to shortstop. Perez walked. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Kendall doubled to deep right center, Perez scored. Ellis homered to left, Kendall scored. Crosby singled to center. Thomas flied out to center. Bradley flied out to center. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Monroe flied out to right. Inge walked. Granderson singled to right, Inge to second. Santiago grounded into fielder's choice to third, Granderson out at second, Inge to third. Rodriguez safe at first on error by third baseman Perez, Inge scored, Santiago to second. Walker pitching for Tigers. Ordonez flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Payton flied out to left. Swisher grounded out to third. Kielty flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 11 - Athletics 4.	Polanco gets 1,000th career hit as Tigers spank A's