Indians - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Athletics. Sizemore singled to right. Michaels reached on bunt single to first, Sizemore to second. Peralta singled to left, Sizemore scored, Michaels to second. Hafner flied out to right, Michaels to third. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to third, Michaels out at home, Peralta to second. Broussard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Byrd pitching for Indians. Kotsay reached on infield single to third. Swisher grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Kotsay out at second. Chavez singled to left. Thomas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Belliard grounded out to third. Boone flied out to center. Shoppach flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Byrd pitching for Indians. Crosby flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to second. Kielty singled to right. Kendall singled to center, Kielty to second. Ellis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Sizemore reached on infield single to shortstop. Michaels singled to left, Sizemore to second. Peralta grounded out to, Michaels tagged out at second, Sizemore to third. Sizemore scored, Peralta to second on wild pitch by Haren. Hafner homered to right, Peralta scored. Blake tripled to deep right. Broussard grounded out to first. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Byrd pitching for Indians. Kotsay walked. Swisher doubled to right, Kotsay to third. Chavez popped out to second. Thomas hit sacrifice fly to center, Kotsay scored, Swisher to third. Crosby homered to left, Swisher scored. Johnson flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Boone lined out to shortstop. Shoppach struck out swinging. Sizemore flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Byrd pitching for Indians. Kielty grounded out to first. Kendall flied out to right. Ellis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Michaels grounded out to shortstop. Peralta singled to center. Hafner struck out swinging. Blake reached on infield single to third, Peralta to second. Broussard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Byrd pitching for Indians. Kotsay singled to center. Swisher popped out to shortstop. Chavez struck out looking. Thomas grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Belliard grounded out to third. Boone doubled to deep center. Shoppach lined out to third. Sizemore intentionally walked. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Michaels singled to left, Boone scored, Sizemore to second. Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop, Sizemore to third, Michaels to second. Hafner grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Byrd pitching for Indians. Crosby flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to second. Kielty popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Blake hit by pitch. Broussard walked, Blake to second. Belliard singled to center, Blake scored, Broussard to third. Calero pitching for Athletics. Boone walked, Belliard to second. Shoppach singled to right, Broussard and Belliard scored, Boone to second. Sizemore walked, Boone to third, Shoppach to second. Michaels singled to left, Boone scored, Shoppach to third, Sizemore to second. Peralta flied out to center. Flores pitching for Athletics. Hafner singled to right, Shoppach and Sizemore scored, Michaels to second. Blake homered to left center, Michaels and Hafner scored. Broussard struck out swinging. Belliard flied out to center. 9 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Hollandsworth in center field. Byrd pitching for Indians. Kendall flied out to right. Ellis grounded out to second. Kotsay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Scutaro in left field. Swisher in center field. Perez at third base. Flores pitching for Athletics. Boone flied out to center. Shoppach grounded out to shortstop. Hollandsworth doubled to deep right center. Sauerbeck pitching for Indians. Vazquez at second base. Michaels popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Sauerbeck pitching for Indians. Swisher flied out to right. Perez grounded out to third. Thomas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Flores pitching for Athletics. Peralta flied out to center. Hafner flied out to center. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Blake flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. Johnson flied out to left. Kielty singled to right. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 14 - Athletics 3.	Nine-run seventh inning fuels Tribe blowout over A's