Mariners - Top 1st. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to left. Suzuki stole second. Lopez sacrificed to catcher, Suzuki to third. Ibanez grounded out to first, Suzuki scored. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Ellis grounded out to second. Swisher singled to right center. Kotsay doubled to left, Swisher scored. Chavez walked. Thomas walked, Kotsay to third, Chavez to second. Crosby singled to center, Kotsay and Chavez scored, Thomas to second. Payton flied out to left. Melhuse lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Everett reached on infield single to second. Johjima grounded out to third, Everett to second. Reed grounded out to pitcher, Everett to third. Bloomquist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Johnson doubled to right. Ellis grounded out to second, Johnson to third. Swisher hit sacrifice fly to center, Johnson scored. Kotsay grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop. Suzuki reached on infield single to first, Betancourt to second. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suzuki out at second, Betancourt to third. Ibanez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Chavez singled to center. Thomas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. Crosby singled to right. Payton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Sexson singled to right. Everett lined out to right. Johjima walked, Sexson to second. Reed flied out to center, Sexson to third. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johjima out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Melhuse grounded out to second. Johnson flied out to left. Ellis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Betancourt struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to center. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at second, Lopez to second on throwing error by second baseman Ellis. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Swisher hit by pitch. Kotsay grounded into fielder's choice to second, Swisher safe at second on error by shortstop Betancourt. Chavez grounded out to first, Swisher to third, Kotsay to second. Thomas singled to right, Swisher scored, Kotsay to third. Crosby flied out to left. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Thomas out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Sexson grounded out to third. Everett grounded out to second. Johjima singled to right. Reed grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Melhuse flied out to left. Johnson flied out to left. Ellis hit by pitch. Ellis stole second. Swisher grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Bloomquist flied out to left. Betancourt safe at first on error by shortstop Crosby. Suzuki grounded out to second, Betancourt to second. Keisler pitching for Athletics. Lopez singled to center, Betancourt scored. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Ibanez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Kotsay flied out to right. Chavez grounded out to third. Thomas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Keisler pitching for Athletics. Sexson struck out swinging. Everett walked. Karsay pitching for Athletics. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Johjima grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Everett out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. Payton flied out to left. Melhuse flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Karsay pitching for Athletics. Reed grounded out to first. Bloomquist hit by pitch. Betancourt popped out to second. Bloomquist to second on fielder's indifference. Street pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to left, Bloomquist scored. Lopez flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Athletics 6.	A's sweep out Mariners before gearing up for Bay Bridge Series