Twins - Top 1st. Harden pitching for Athletics. Ford grounded out to shortstop. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Mauer homered to right. Hunter walked. Hunter stole second. Cuddyer walked. Morneau grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Kendall grounded out to third. Swisher lined out to right. Chavez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Harden pitching for Athletics. Kubel grounded out to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Castro singled to center. Ford walked, Castro to second. Castillo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Thomas doubled to left. Crosby singled to right center, Thomas scored. Payton singled to center, Crosby to second. Johnson walked, Crosby to third, Payton to second. Kielty struck out swinging. Scutaro singled to center, Crosby and Payton scored, Johnson to second. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at third, Scutaro to second. Swisher flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Harden pitching for Athletics. Mauer flied out to center. Hunter struck out swinging. Cuddyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Melhuse hit for Thomas. Silva pitching for Twins. Chavez singled to left center. Melhuse flied out to left. Crosby grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Morneau struck out swinging. Kubel struck out swinging. Rodriguez singled to right. Castro singled to center, Rodriguez to third. Ford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Payton struck out swinging. Johnson homered to right. Kielty flied out to center. Scutaro singled to center. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Kendall fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Castillo batting. Hunter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Silva pitching for Twins. Swisher grounded out to first. Chavez struck out looking. Melhuse singled to left. Crosby singled to left, Melhuse to second. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crosby out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Cuddyer flied out to center. Morneau singled to left center. Eyre pitching for Twins. Kubel grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Morneau out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Eyre pitching for Twins. Johnson walked. Kielty hit by pitch, Johnson to second. Scutaro singled to center, Johnson to third, Kielty to second. Reyes pitching for Twins. Kendall flied out to right. Swisher grounded into double play, third to catcher, Kielty out at third, Johnson out at home, Swisher to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez singled to center. Castro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rodriguez out at second. Ford grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Reyes pitching for Twins. Chavez reached on infield single to third. Melhuse grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Castillo lined out to pitcher. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Hunter flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Payton singled to left center. Johnson singled to left, Payton to second. Kielty struck out swinging. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Johnson out at second, Payton to third. Kendall reached on infield single to third, Payton scored, Scutaro to second. Swisher fouled out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Cuddyer flied out to left. Morneau lined out to right. Redmond hit for Rodriguez. Kubel walked. Redmond grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 1 - Athletics 5.	Harden K's five straight in return from DL as A's roll