Mariners - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to center. Beltre singled to center, Suzuki to second. Lopez reached on infield single to third, Suzuki to third, Beltre to second. Ibanez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suzuki scored, Lopez out at second, Beltre to third. Sexson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Kotsay flied out to left. Swisher flied out to left. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Everett singled to right. Johjima grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Everett out at second. Reed grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johjima out at second. Betancourt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Thomas hit by pitch. Crosby safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre, Thomas to second. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Crosby out at second, Thomas to third. Kielty grounded into fielder's choice to first, Johnson out at second. Kendall doubled to deep left, Thomas and Kielty scored. Scutaro grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Suzuki walked. Beltre fouled out to third. Lopez struck out looking. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Kotsay flied out to center. Swisher grounded out to second. Chavez walked. Bradley ran for Thomas. Thomas singled to deep left center, Chavez scored. Crosby grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Sexson grounded out to third. Everett flied out to left. Johjima lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Johnson doubled to right. Kielty doubled to deep right, Johnson scored. Kendall grounded out to shortstop, Kielty to third. Scutaro flied out to right. Kotsay singled to right, Kielty scored. Kotsay caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Swisher batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Reed lined out to right. Betancourt flied out to center. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Swisher walked. Chavez singled to right, Swisher to third. Woods pitching for Mariners. Bradley walked, Chavez to second. Crosby struck out swinging. Johnson hit sacrifice fly to center, Swisher scored. Kielty singled to center, Chavez scored, Bradley to third. Kendall grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Beltre lined out to left. Lopez fouled out to catcher. Ibanez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Woods pitching for Mariners. Scutaro flied out to center. Kotsay singled to center. Swisher grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kotsay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Sexson walked. Everett flied out to center. Johjima grounded into double play, second to first, Sexson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Woods pitching for Mariners. Chavez struck out looking. Bradley grounded out to shortstop. Crosby walked. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Bloomquist hit for Reed. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Bloomquist fouled out to first. Betancourt singled to left. Suzuki singled to left, Betancourt to second. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at second, Betancourt to third. Lopez singled to center, Betancourt scored, Beltre to second. Ibanez fouled out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Bloomquist in center field. Woods pitching for Mariners. Kielty flied out to center. Kendall singled to left. Scutaro flied out to left. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Kotsay fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Sexson walked. Everett flied out to right. Johjima struck out swinging. Bloomquist flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 2 - Athletics 7.	A's make Mariners sixth straight victim