Mariners - Top 1st. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Beltre flied out to left. Lopez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Scutaro flied out to center. Swisher popped out to shortstop. Payton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Ibanez singled to right. Sexson singled to right, Ibanez to second. Everett grounded into fielder's choice to first, Sexson out at second, Ibanez to third, Ibanez scored, Everett to second on throwing error by shortstop Crosby. Johjima safe at second on error by left fielder Swisher, Everett to third. Reed hit by pitch. Betancourt singled to left, Everett scored, Johjima to third, Reed to second. Suzuki grounded out to catcher. Beltre walked, Johjima scored, Reed to third, Betancourt to second. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beltre out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Chavez walked. Kielty grounded into double play, third to second to first, Chavez out at second. Crosby walked. Kendall singled to right, Crosby to second. Johnson doubled to right, Crosby and Kendall scored. Perez walked. Scutaro flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Ibanez struck out swinging. Sexson flied out to left. Everett grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Swisher grounded out to third. Payton doubled to right. Chavez struck out looking. Kielty homered to center, Payton scored. Crosby lined out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. Reed grounded out to first. Betancourt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Kendall grounded out to third. Johnson reached on infield single to pitcher. Perez walked, Johnson to second. Scutaro struck out swinging. Swisher doubled to deep center, Johnson and Perez scored. Payton grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Suzuki stole second. Beltre walked. Lopez flied out to center. Ibanez flied out to left. Sexson singled to left, Suzuki scored, Beltre to second. Everett singled to left center, Beltre scored, Sexson to second. Johjima flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Chavez singled to right. Kielty grounded into double play, third to second to first, Chavez out at second. Crosby grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Reed lined out to first. Betancourt flied out to center. Fruto pitching for Mariners. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Fruto pitching for Mariners. Kendall struck out looking. Johnson doubled to right. Perez struck out looking. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Scutaro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Beltre flied out to right. Lopez flied out to left. Ibanez tripled to deep center. Sexson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Fruto pitching for Mariners. Swisher walked. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Payton singled to right, Swisher to second. Chavez popped out to first. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Kielty walked, Swisher to third, Payton to second. Crosby singled to left, Swisher scored, Payton to third, Kielty to second. Kendall struck out swinging. Melhuse hit for Perez. Johnson singled to right, Payton and Kielty scored, Crosby to third. Melhuse lined out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Everett singled to left. Johjima grounded out to second, Everett to second. Reed grounded out to shortstop, Everett to third. Betancourt doubled to deep left center, Everett scored. Putz pitching for Mariners. Suzuki flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Scutaro flied out to right. Swisher struck out swinging. Payton doubled to left center. Street pitching for Athletics. Chavez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Beltre lined out to center. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Ibanez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Athletics 9.	Loaiza pitches A's to 7th straight victory