Dodgers - Top 1st. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Furcal flied out to left. Aybar grounded out to second. Garciaparra singled to center. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to second, Garciaparra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Kendall batting. Chavez lined into double play, to first, Kendall doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Kemp walked. Kemp stole second. Ethier struck out swinging. Cruz Jr lined into double play, right to shortstop, Kemp doubled off second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Crosby walked. Payton doubled to deep right center, Crosby scored. Johnson walked. Scutaro grounded into double play, third to second to first, Johnson out at second, Payton to third. Kielty flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Alomar Jr flied out to center. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Furcal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Rouse singled to left. Kendall flied out to right. Swisher singled to right, Rouse to second. Chavez flied out to center. Crosby flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. Garciaparra hit by pitch. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to second, Garciaparra out at second. Kemp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Payton singled to right. Johnson batting. Kielty tripled to deep right center, Johnson and Scutaro scored. Rouse hit by pitch. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kielty scored, Rouse out at second. Swisher grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Kendall out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Ethier singled to right. Cruz Jr reached on bunt single to third, Ethier to second. Alomar Jr grounded into double play, third to first, Ethier out at third, Cruz Jr to second. Martinez singled to center, Cruz Jr scored, Martinez to second advancing on throw. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Chavez struck out swinging. Crosby struck out swinging. Payton popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Aybar grounded out to third. Garciaparra homered to left. Drew grounded out to second. Kemp struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Johnson grounded out to second. Scutaro singled to left. Kielty struck out swinging. Scutaro stole second. Rouse grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Ethier singled to shallow center. Cruz Jr grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Ethier out at second. Alomar Jr singled to center. Martinez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Kendall grounded out to pitcher. Swisher singled to left. Chavez struck out swinging. Crosby reached on infield single to first, Swisher to second. Payton singled to left, Swisher thrown out at home, Crosby to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Furcal bunt grounded out to first. Aybar grounded out to first. Garciaparra grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Johnson grounded out to second. Scutaro singled to shallow right center. Kielty grounded into double play, third to second to first, Scutaro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Drew singled to right. Street pitching for Athletics. Kemp singled to center, Drew to second. Lofton hit for Cruz Jr. Ethier struck out swinging. Kent hit for Alomar Jr. Lofton flied out to left. Kent lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 2 - Athletics 5.	Blanton pitches into ninth as A's win 10th straight