Athletics - Top 1st. Kim pitching for Rockies. Kendall struck out swinging. Swisher struck out swinging. Chavez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Athletics. Carroll singled to center. Spilborghs flied out to center. Helton flied out to center. Holliday homered to center, Carroll scored. Atkins struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Crosby flied out to right. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Kielty singled to center. Payton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Hawpe popped out to shortstop. Torrealba doubled to deep center. Barmes grounded out to third. Kim struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Rouse flied out to left. Haren fouled out to right. Kendall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Carroll singled to right. Spilborghs sacrificed to pitcher, Carroll to second. Helton lined into double play, second to shortstop, Carroll doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Swisher walked. Chavez singled to right, Swisher to second. Crosby grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Chavez out at second, Swisher to third. Johnson popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Holliday grounded out to third. Atkins struck out swinging. Hawpe doubled to deep right. Torrealba grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Kielty flied out to left. Payton flied out to left. Rouse doubled to deep right center. Haren struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Barmes grounded out to third. Kim grounded out to pitcher. Carroll struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Kendall flied out to center. Swisher struck out swinging. Chavez walked. Crosby popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Spilborghs singled to right. Helton grounded out to pitcher, Spilborghs to second. Holliday singled to left, Spilborghs scored, Holliday to third on error by left fielder Swisher. Atkins grounded out to third. Hawpe struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 7th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Johnson singled to left. Kielty walked, Johnson to second. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Payton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kielty out at second, Johnson to third. Rouse grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Torrealba hit by pitch. Freeman hit for Ramirez. Barmes popped out to shortstop. Torrealba caught stealing second, catcher to second. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Scutaro hit for Haren. Freeman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Scutaro fouled out to first. Kendall singled to left. Swisher singled to center, Kendall to second. Chavez walked, Kendall to third, Swisher to second. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Crosby grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Carroll flied out to right. Spilborghs walked. Helton walked, Spilborghs to second. Holliday reached on infield single to third, Spilborghs to third, Helton to second. Sauerbeck pitching for Athletics. Atkins walked, Spilborghs scored, Helton to third, Holliday to second. Hawpe walked, Helton scored, Holliday to third, Atkins to second. Torrealba singled to left, Holliday and Atkins scored, Hawpe to second. Piedra hit for Mesa. Barmes hit by pitch, Hawpe to third, Torrealba to second. Flores pitching for Athletics. Piedra struck out swinging. King pitching for Rockies. Johnson struck out swinging. Kielty singled to center. Payton grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Kielty out at second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 0 - Rockies 7.	Kim combines on seven-hitter; A's 10-game streak ends