Athletics - Top 1st. Hensley pitching for Padres. Kotsay flied out to right. Swisher struck out swinging. Chavez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Cameron homered to left. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Giles struck out swinging. Piazza struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Hensley pitching for Padres. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Payton singled to center. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Payton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Gonzalez singled to right center. Greene grounded out to third, Gonzalez to second. Castilla grounded out to first, Gonzalez to third. Barfield flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Hensley pitching for Padres. Scutaro singled to left. Blanton sacrificed to pitcher, Scutaro to second. Kotsay grounded out to first, Scutaro to third. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Hensley struck out looking. Cameron struck out looking. Johnson lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Hensley pitching for Padres. Chavez singled to left. Crosby singled to center, Chavez to second. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Crosby out at second, Chavez to third. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chavez scored, Johnson out at second. Kendall lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Giles walked. Piazza struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center, Giles to second. Greene singled to left, Giles scored, Gonzalez to second. Castilla singled to left, Gonzalez to third, Greene to second. Barfield singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Greene to third, Castilla to second. Hensley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Greene out at home, Castilla to third, Barfield to second. Castilla scored, Barfield to third on wild pitch by Blanton, Barfield scored, Hensley safe at second on error by pitcher Blanton. Cameron walked. Johnson grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Clark hit for Blanton. Hensley pitching for Padres. Scutaro grounded out to second. Clark singled to center. Clark stole second. Kotsay struck out swinging. Flores pitching for Athletics. Swisher lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Flores pitching for Athletics. Giles grounded out to first. Piazza homered to left center. Gonzalez singled to center. Greene flied out to left. Castilla flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Hensley pitching for Padres. Chavez flied out to right. Crosby flied out to left. Johnson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Flores pitching for Athletics. Barfield grounded out to first. Hensley popped out to second. Cameron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Hensley pitching for Padres. Payton lined out to second. Kendall grounded out to second. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Scutaro popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Johnson singled to left. Giles grounded into double play, third to second to first, Johnson out at second. Bowen ran for Piazza. Piazza singled to left. Gonzalez singled to left, Bowen to second. Bowen to third, Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Duchscherer. Greene doubled to deep left, Bowen and Gonzalez scored. Bowen catching. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Rouse hit for Duchscherer. Castilla struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Rouse struck out swinging. Kotsay grounded out to pitcher. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Swisher grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Blum hit for Sweeney. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Barfield grounded out to shortstop. Blum walked. Blum to second on balk by Gaudin. Cameron walked. Sauerbeck pitching for Athletics. Johnson flied out to left. Cassidy pitching for Padres. Giles fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Cassidy pitching for Padres. Chavez struck out swinging. Crosby struck out swinging. Johnson singled to shallow right. Payton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 1 - Padres 8.	Hensley, Padres bullpen combine on six-hitter vs. A's