Red Sox - Top 1st. Windsor pitching for Athletics. Youkilis singled to left. Loretta singled to center, Youkilis to second. Ortiz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Loretta out at second, Youkilis to third. Ramirez singled to deep center, Youkilis scored, Ortiz to third. Nixon hit sacrifice fly to right, Ortiz scored. Varitek struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Kendall doubled to deep left. Kotsay sacrificed to first, Kendall to third. Bradley grounded into fielder's choice to first. Thomas hit sacrifice fly to left, Kendall scored. Swisher flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Windsor pitching for Athletics. Lowell flied out to right. Crisp fouled out to third. Gonzalez singled to right. Youkilis singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Loretta lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Payton fouled out to first. Chavez struck out looking. Crosby flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Windsor pitching for Athletics. Ortiz grounded out to second. Ramirez homered to left. Nixon homered to right. Varitek struck out swinging. Lowell singled to left. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Crisp singled to center, Lowell to second. Gonzalez lined out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Ellis lined out to center. Kendall grounded out to first. Kotsay singled to center. Bradley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Youkilis walked. Loretta singled to center, Youkilis to third. Ortiz popped out to second. Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to center, Youkilis scored. Nixon walked, Loretta to second. Varitek grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Thomas singled to center. Swisher struck out swinging. Payton fouled out to catcher. Chavez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Lowell doubled to deep left. Crisp grounded out to second, Lowell to third. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to left, Lowell scored. Youkilis flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Crosby popped out to second. Ellis walked. Kendall singled to center, Ellis to second. Kotsay singled to right, Ellis to third, Kendall to second. Bradley grounded out to pitcher, Ellis scored, Kendall to third, Kotsay to second. Thomas singled to right, Kendall and Kotsay scored. Swisher struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Loretta flied out to right. Ortiz grounded out to first. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Payton fouled out to right. Chavez popped out to third. Crosby flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Nixon grounded out to second. Varitek hit by pitch. Lowell struck out swinging. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Crisp singled to left, Varitek to second. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Gonzalez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Ellis singled to left. Kendall singled to right, Ellis to third. Kotsay singled to center, Ellis scored, Kendall to second. Bradley flied out to left. Thomas struck out swinging. Swisher struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Youkilis grounded out to third. Loretta singled to right center. Ortiz singled to left, Loretta to second. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Oakland's Duchscherer ejected by Wegner in the 8th. Nixon walked, Loretta scored, Ortiz to third, Ramirez to second. Varitek doubled to deep center, Ortiz, Ramirez and Nixon scored. Lowell singled to left, Varitek to third. Crisp singled to right, Varitek scored, Lowell to third. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lowell scored, Crisp out at second. Youkilis singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Kapler in left field. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Loretta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at third, Youkilis to second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Payton flied out to left. Chavez singled to right center. Crosby walked, Chavez to second. Sauerbeck pitching for Athletics. Pena hit for Ortiz. Ellis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Crosby out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Sauerbeck pitching for Athletics. Pena walked. Kapler walked, Pena to second. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Nixon hit by pitch, Pena to third, Kapler to second. Varitek fouled out to third. Lowell hit sacrifice fly to left, Pena scored. Seanez pitching for Red Sox. Crisp struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Seanez pitching for Red Sox. Kendall flied out to right. Kotsay struck out swinging. Bradley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 13 - Athletics 5.	Boston's Schilling wins 13th