Athletics - Top 1st. Meche pitching for Mariners. Kendall singled to center. Kotsay struck out swinging. Bradley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Suzuki doubled to deep right. Lopez grounded out to first, Suzuki to third. Beltre grounded out to pitcher. Ibanez singled to right, Suzuki scored. Sexson singled to center, Ibanez scored. Broussard singled to right, Sexson to second. Johjima singled to right, Sexson thrown out at home, Broussard to second. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Thomas flied out to left. Chavez walked. Payton singled to deep right, Chavez to third. Swisher popped out to third. Scutaro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Betancourt popped out to first. Jones grounded out to third. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Ellis struck out looking. Kendall walked. Kotsay singled to right, Kendall to second. Bradley grounded out to second, Kendall to third, Kotsay to second. Thomas homered to left, Kendall and Kotsay scored. Chavez walked. Payton doubled to center, Chavez to third, Chavez scored on error by center fielder Jones. Swisher flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Lopez singled to left. Beltre struck out swinging. Ibanez singled to right, Lopez to second. Sexson flied out to right, Lopez to third. Broussard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Scutaro flied out to right. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Kendall grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Johjima singled to center. Betancourt struck out swinging. Jones flied out to center. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johjima out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Kotsay popped out to second. Bradley doubled to right. Thomas singled to left, Bradley scored. Chavez safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez, Thomas to second. Payton flied out to right. Swisher singled to right, Thomas scored, Chavez to third. Scutaro grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Lopez grounded out to third. Beltre struck out looking. Ibanez walked. Sexson doubled to deep center, Ibanez scored. Green pitching for Mariners. Broussard popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Green pitching for Mariners. Ellis grounded out to second. Kendall grounded out to second. Kotsay lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Johjima singled to center. Dobbs hit for Jones. Betancourt lined out to left. Dobbs grounded into fielder's choice to second, Johjima out at second. Dobbs to second on wild pitch by Blanton. Bloomquist in center field. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Green pitching for Mariners. Bradley lined out to third. Thomas grounded out to second. Chavez doubled to deep center. Kielty in left field. Payton in center field. Calero pitching for Athletics. Payton lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Calero pitching for Athletics. Lopez grounded out to second. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Beltre grounded out to pitcher. Ibanez walked. Ibanez to second on wild pitch by Halsey. Perez hit for Broussard. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Sexson walked. Perez singled to center, Ibanez scored, Sexson to second. Johjima flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Green pitching for Mariners. Swisher homered to center. Scutaro grounded out to third. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Kendall singled to left. Kielty grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Betancourt singled to right. Bloomquist singled to left, Betancourt to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. Street pitching for Athletics. Lopez reached on infield single to pitcher, Betancourt to third, Bloomquist to second. Beltre singled to left, Betancourt scored, Bloomquist to third, Lopez to second. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bloomquist scored, Beltre out at second, Lopez to third. Ibanez to second on wild pitch by Street. Putz pitching for Mariners. Sexson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Bradley flied out to right. Thomas singled to left. Chavez struck out swinging. Perez ran for Thomas. Payton singled to left center, Thomas to second. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Perez grounded out to second. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt reached on infield single to second. Betancourt stole second. Bloomquist struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - Mariners 6.	Big Hurt helps A's continue mastery of M's