Mariners - Top 1st. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Suzuki flied out to left. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Beltre flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Kotsay singled to right center. Bradley singled to left, Kotsay to second. Kotsay to third, Bradley to second on wild pitch by Pineiro. Thomas walked. Chavez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Thomas out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Ibanez singled to right. Broussard grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ibanez out at second. Johjima flied out to left. Dobbs singled to right, Broussard to second. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dobbs out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Payton singled to left center. Swisher doubled to deep right, Payton to third. Scutaro doubled to left, Payton and Swisher scored. Ellis grounded out to shortstop, Scutaro to third. Kendall singled to left, Scutaro scored. Kotsay singled to right, Kendall to second. Bradley grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kotsay out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki to second on throwing error by shortstop Scutaro. Lopez grounded out to third. Beltre grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Thomas struck out swinging. Chavez walked. Payton singled to left center, Chavez to second. Swisher singled to right, Chavez scored, Payton to second. Scutaro grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Swisher out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Ibanez grounded out to pitcher. Broussard singled to right. Johjima grounded into double play, third to second to first, Broussard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Ellis singled to right center. Kendall grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ellis out at second. Kotsay walked. Bradley walked, Kotsay to second. Thomas singled to right, Kotsay scored, Bradley to third. Chavez doubled to deep left, Bradley scored, Thomas to third. Woods pitching for Mariners. Payton walked. Swisher doubled to left, Thomas, Chavez and Payton scored. Scutaro struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Dobbs grounded out to second. Betancourt homered to left. Bloomquist singled to left center. Suzuki grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bloomquist out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Woods pitching for Mariners. Ellis grounded out to catcher. Kendall grounded out to pitcher. Kotsay grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Lopez doubled to deep center. Lopez to third on wild pitch by Saarloos. Beltre singled to center, Lopez scored. Ibanez struck out swinging. Broussard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Beltre out at second. Johjima grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Woods pitching for Mariners. Bradley walked. Perez ran for Thomas. Thomas walked, Bradley to second. Chavez grounded out to second, Bradley to third, Perez to second. Payton intentionally walked. Swisher struck out swinging. Scutaro walked, Bradley scored, Perez to third, Payton to second. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Ellis popped out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Dobbs popped out to shortstop. Betancourt singled to left center. Bloomquist walked, Betancourt to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Woods pitching for Mariners. Kendall flied out to right. Kotsay struck out looking. Sauerbeck pitching for Athletics. Bradley grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Morse hit for Ibanez. Sauerbeck pitching for Athletics. Beltre grounded out to second. Perez hit for Broussard. Morse singled to center. Perez flied out to center. Johjima singled to left, Morse to second. Jones in center field. Morse at third base. Perez at first base. Bloomquist in left field. Putz pitching for Mariners. Dobbs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Jimenez hit for Chavez. Putz pitching for Mariners. Perez flied out to right. Jimenez struck out looking. Melhuse hit for Swisher. Payton singled to right. Melhuse walked, Payton to second. Scutaro reached on infield single to shortstop, Payton scored, Melhuse to third. Jimenez at third base. Melhuse at first base. Calero pitching for Athletics. Ellis flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Calero pitching for Athletics. Betancourt struck out swinging. Bloomquist grounded out to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 2 - Athletics 11.	A's stay hot, M's stay cold, Saarloos back to winning ways