Athletics - Top 1st. Jimenez pitching for Mariners. Kendall flied out to right. Kielty doubled to deep center. Kielty to third on wild pitch by Jimenez. Bradley homered to left, Kielty scored. Thomas flied out to center. Payton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to center. Beltre flied out to right. Johjima flied out to right. Ibanez fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Mariners. Chavez grounded out to second. Swisher fouled out to catcher. Ellis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Sexson homered to right. Broussard struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to third. Snelling struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Mariners. Scutaro struck out looking. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Kielty singled to right. Bradley singled to center, Kielty to second. Thomas singled to center, Kielty scored, Bradley to second. Bradley to third, Thomas to second on wild pitch by Jimenez. Payton grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Betancourt doubled to left. Suzuki singled to left, Betancourt to third. Beltre grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Betancourt scored, Suzuki out at second. Johjima doubled to deep left. Ibanez singled to center, Johjima scored, Ibanez to second advancing on throw. Sexson singled to right, Ibanez to third. Broussard struck out looking. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Jimenez pitching for Mariners. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Swisher singled to center. Ellis doubled to left, Swisher to third. Scutaro walked. Kendall doubled to deep right, Swisher and Ellis scored, Scutaro to third. Kielty grounded out to catcher. Bradley grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Lopez flied out to left. Snelling grounded out to first. Chick pitching for Mariners. Betancourt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Chick pitching for Mariners. Thomas struck out swinging. Payton walked. Chavez singled to right, Payton to third. Swisher walked, Chavez to second. Ellis doubled to left, Payton and Chavez scored, Swisher to third. Scutaro walked. Cruceta pitching for Mariners. Kotsay hit for Kielty. Kendall walked, Swisher scored, Ellis to third, Scutaro to second. Kotsay singled to right, Ellis scored, Scutaro to third, Kendall to second. Bradley struck out swinging. Kotsay in center field. Payton in left field. Thomas lined out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to center. Beltre struck out swinging. Johjima flied out to left. Ibanez homered to right, Suzuki scored. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Cruceta pitching for Mariners. Payton fouled out to catcher. Chavez struck out swinging. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Swisher grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Broussard grounded out to second. Morse hit for Snelling. Lopez struck out looking. Morse singled to right. Morse in right field. Betancourt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Cruceta pitching for Mariners. Ellis flied out to center. Scutaro singled to center. Kendall singled to right center, Scutaro to third. Kotsay grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Suzuki tripled to deep right. Beltre struck out looking. Johjima grounded out to third, Suzuki scored. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Ibanez reached on infield single to first. Sexson singled to center, Ibanez to second. Broussard flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Cruceta pitching for Mariners. Bradley fouled out to first. Thomas walked. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Payton flied out to left. Chavez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Dobbs hit for Morse. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Lopez flied out to right. Dobbs doubled to right center. Betancourt flied out to center. Dobbs in right field. Putz pitching for Mariners. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Swisher popped out to third. Ellis struck out swinging. Street pitching for Athletics. Scutaro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Beltre hit ground rule double to deep right center. Johjima singled to left, Beltre to third. Jones ran for Johjima. Ibanez singled to left, Beltre scored, Johjima to second. Bloomquist ran for Sexson. Sexson singled to left, Jones to third, Ibanez to second. Broussard struck out swinging. Lopez hit sacrifice fly to right, Jones scored, Ibanez to third. Dobbs singled to left, Ibanez scored, Bloomquist to second. Rivera catching. Bloomquist at first base. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bloomquist out at third, Dobbs to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 10th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Kendall struck out swinging. Kotsay struck out swinging. Calero pitching for Athletics. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 10th. Calero pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Beltre flied out to center. Rivera struck out swinging. Ibanez intentionally walked. Bloomquist singled to left center, Suzuki scored, Ibanez to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Athletics 9 - Mariners 10.	A's fall to Ichiro, Mariners in 10; magic number still 2