Dodgers - Top 1st. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Pederson tripled to deep right. Turner hit sacrifice fly to center, Pederson scored. Seager singled to right. Pollock struck out swinging. Muncy grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Wong flied out to left. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. DeJong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Freese homered to left (390 feet). Hernández flied out to center. Gale struck out swinging. Buehler homered to right center (409 feet). Pederson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Martínez singled to left center. O'Neill singled to left, Martínez to second. Gyorko walked, O'Neill to second, Martínez to third. Bader hit by pitch, Martínez scored, Gyorko to second, O'Neill to third. Wieters hit sacrifice fly to left, O'Neill scored. Wacha sacrificed to pitcher, Bader to second, Gyorko to third. Gyorko scored on Buehler wild pitch and Bader scored on Buehler wild pitch. Wong walked. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Turner singled to center. Seager doubled to deep right, Turner to third. Pollock hit sacrifice fly to center, Turner scored, Seager to third. Muncy grounded out to second. Freese singled to left, Seager scored. Hernández homered to left (403 feet), Freese scored. Gale struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. DeJong doubled to deep right. Martínez reached on infield single to pitcher, DeJong to third. O'Neill struck out swinging. Gyorko singled to right, DeJong scored, Martínez to second. Bader popped out to first. Wieters struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Buehler grounded out to second. Pederson flied out to left. Turner walked. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Seager hit by pitch, Turner to second. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Bellinger in right field. Hernández at shortstop. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Gallegos struck out swinging. Wong popped out to shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Muncy singled to left. Freese struck out looking. Hernández struck out swinging. Gale struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Bellinger at first base. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Verdugo in right field. DeJong singled to center. Martínez singled to right, DeJong to second. O'Neill singled to center, Martínez to second, DeJong to third. Gyorko struck out swinging. Bader hit by pitch, DeJong scored, O'Neill to second, Martínez to third. Wieters singled to right, Martínez scored and O'Neill scored, Bader to third. Carpenter hit for Gallegos. Carpenter struck out swinging. Wieters stole second. Bader scored on error by second baseman Muncy, Wong safe at first on error by second baseman Muncy, Wieters safe at third on error by second baseman Muncy. Wong stole second. Goldschmidt popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 6th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Verdugo grounded out to first. Pederson grounded out to second. Turner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Taylor at shortstop. García pitching for Dodgers. Hernández at shortstop. DeJong walked. Martínez doubled to deep right, DeJong scored. O'Neill popped out to third. Gyorko grounded out to third. Martínez scored on throwing error by catcher Gale. Bader struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Bellinger lined out to center. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Pollock lined out to second. Taylor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Schultz pitching for Dodgers. Wieters flied out to left. Gant struck out swinging. Wong walked. Goldschmidt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Barnes hit for Schultz. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Barnes grounded out to shortstop. Hernández struck out looking. Gale popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Barnes catching. Floro pitching for Dodgers. DeJong popped out to catcher. Martínez grounded out to second. O'Neill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Verdugo struck out swinging. Pederson struck out swinging. Turner singled to center. Turner to second on fielder's indifference. Bellinger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 7 - Cardinals 11.	Wieters leads Cards over Dodgers 11-7 for 4-game sweep