Phillies - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen grounded out to second. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Harper walked. Hoskins singled to center, Harper to second. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harper out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Nola pitching for Phillies. Carpenter walked. Goldschmidt lined out to right. DeJong lined out to third. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to second, Carpenter out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Cardinals. Herrera doubled to center. Herrera to third on passed ball by Molina. Hernández walked. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to second, Herrera scored on throwing error by second baseman Wong, Hernández safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Wong. Aaron Nola reaches on fielder's choice, fielded by first baseman Paul Goldschmidt.   Cesar Hernandez scores.    Maikel Franco to 3rd.    Aaron Nola to 2nd.  Throwing error by first baseman Paul Goldschmidt. McCutchen walked. Segura lined out to first. Harper homered to right (396 feet), Franco scored, Nola scored and McCutchen scored. Hoskins struck out swinging. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Nola pitching for Phillies. Martínez singled to center. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Martínez out at second. Fowler hit by pitch. Wong grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Cardinals. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. Hernández singled to left center. Franco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Nola pitching for Phillies. Hudson struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out looking. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Cardinals. Nola struck out looking. McCutchen grounded out to pitcher. Segura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Nola pitching for Phillies. DeJong grounded out to shortstop. Ozuna struck out swinging. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Cardinals. Harper singled to right. Hoskins singled to center, Harper to second. Realmuto singled to center, Harper scored, Hoskins to third. Herrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hoskins scored, Realmuto out at second. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to second, Herrera out at second. Franco grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Nola pitching for Phillies. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Fowler struck out looking. Wong grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Gregerson pitching for Cardinals. Wieters catching. Nola singled to left. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nola out at second. Segura grounded into double play, third to second to first, McCutchen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Nola pitching for Phillies. Wieters homered to right (428 feet). Carpenter struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out looking. DeJong singled to center. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeJong out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Muñoz at third base. Gregerson pitching for Cardinals. Harper grounded out to first. Hoskins doubled to deep left. Realmuto reached on infield single to third. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Martínez in left field. Bader in center field. Fowler in right field. Herrera doubled to right on fan interference, Hoskins scored, Realmuto to third. Hernández hit sacrifice fly to right, Realmuto scored, Herrera to third. Franco fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Knapp catching. Nicasio pitching for Phillies. Rodríguez at third base. Martínez grounded out to second. Bader grounded out to pitcher. Fowler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Rodríguez flied out to left. McCutchen walked. Segura struck out swinging. Williams hit for Harper. Williams grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Williams in right field. Nicasio pitching for Phillies. Wong struck out swinging. Wieters struck out swinging. Muñoz reached on infield single to shortstop. Goldschmidt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Leone pitching for Cardinals. Hoskins homered to left (415 feet). Knapp struck out swinging. Herrera grounded out to second. Hernández grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Garcia pitching for Phillies. Gosselin in left field. DeJong walked. Gyorko hit for Leone. Gyorko struck out swinging. Martínez struck out looking. Bader lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 11 - Cardinals 1.	Harper's grand slam keys Phillies' 11-1 rout of Cardinals