Pirates - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Cardinals. Marte singled to center. Reynolds flied out to left. Polanco singled to right, Marte to second. Bell doubled to deep right center, Polanco scored and Marte scored. Moran walked. Cervelli hit by pitch, Moran to second, Bell to third. Newman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bell scored, Cervelli out at second, Moran to third. Tucker grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Brault pitching for Pirates. Muñoz singled to right. Goldschmidt homered to left (386 feet), Muñoz scored. DeJong walked. Ozuna flied out to left. Martínez singled to center, DeJong to third. Molina fouled out to first. DeJong scored on Brault wild pitch, Martínez to third on wild pitch by Brault. Gyorko singled to center, Martínez scored. Wong singled to center, Gyorko to second. Hudson singled to right, Wong to second, Gyorko to third. Muñoz struck out looking. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Cardinals. Brault grounded out to second. Marte grounded out to third. Reynolds grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Brault pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt flied out to center. DeJong walked. Ozuna struck out swinging. Martínez homered to left center (428 feet), DeJong scored. Molina lined out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Cardinals. Polanco popped out to shortstop. Bell singled to center. Moran struck out swinging. Cervelli singled to right, Bell to second. Newman singled to left, Cervelli to second, Bell thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Brault pitching for Pirates. Gyorko flied out to right. Wong flied out to left. Hudson hit by pitch. Muñoz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Cardinals. Tucker walked. Brault grounded into double play, third to second to first, Tucker out at second. Marte singled to left. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third. DeJong popped out to shortstop. Ozuna popped out to second. Martínez singled to shallow right, Goldschmidt to third. DuRapau pitching for Pirates. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Cardinals. Polanco grounded out to second. Bell singled to right. Moran struck out swinging. Cervelli singled to center, Bell to second. Newman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. DuRapau pitching for Pirates. Gyorko lined out to center. Wong struck out swinging. Hudson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Hudson pitching for Cardinals. Tucker flied out to center. Musgrove hit for DuRapau. Musgrove grounded out to third. Marte flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Muñoz doubled to deep center. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. DeJong lined out to center. Ozuna flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Reynolds walked. Polanco hit by pitch, Reynolds to second. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Bell homered to right (364 feet), Reynolds scored and Polanco scored. Moran grounded out to shortstop. Cervelli doubled to right. Newman struck out swinging. Cabrera hit for Tucker. Cabrera walked. Frazier hit for Stratton. Frazier doubled to deep center, Cabrera scored and Cervelli scored. Marte struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Newman at shortstop. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Frazier at second base. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Gyorko reached on infield single to third. Wong flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Reynolds struck out swinging. Polanco singled to right. Polanco to second on wild pitch by Gallegos. Bell intentionally walked. Moran doubled to deep right, Bell scored and Polanco scored. Cervelli grounded out to pitcher, Moran to third. Newman struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Carpenter hit for Gallegos. Carpenter walked. Muñoz struck out swinging. Goldschmidt grounded out to third, Carpenter to second. DeJong fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Gregerson pitching for Cardinals. Liriano walked. Frazier grounded into fielder's choice to second, Liriano out at second. Marte fouled out to first. Frazier caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Luke Gregerson pitches to Bryan Reynolds. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Ozuna struck out swinging. Martínez flied out to left. Molina singled to left. Gyorko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 10 - Cardinals 6.	Bell has 5 RBIs, Pirates take 3rd straight from Cards, 10-6