Royals - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Merrifield flied out to right. Lopez reached on infield single to pitcher. Mondesi singled to right, Lopez to third. Gordon walked, Mondesi to second. Dozier grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Bailey pitching for Royals. Carpenter walked. Goldschmidt singled to left, Carpenter to second. DeJong flied out to center. Ozuna homered to right (371 feet), Carpenter scored and Goldschmidt scored. Martínez grounded out to third. Molina hit by pitch. Molina stole second. Fowler struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Soler struck out swinging. O'Hearn grounded out to shortstop. Maldonado walked. Bailey grounded into fielder's choice to second, Maldonado out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Bailey pitching for Royals. Wong struck out swinging. Wainwright singled to right center. Carpenter homered to right (376 feet), Wainwright scored. Goldschmidt lined out to center. DeJong walked. Sparkman pitching for Royals. Ozuna popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Merrifield doubled to deep right center. Lopez struck out swinging. Merrifield stole third. Mondesi singled to right center, Merrifield scored. Gordon grounded out to second, Mondesi to second. Dozier walked. Soler singled to right, Mondesi scored, Dozier to third. O'Hearn lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Sparkman pitching for Royals. Martínez walked. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martínez out at second. Fowler singled to right. Wong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Maldonado hit by pitch. Gore hit for Sparkman. Gore grounded into fielder's choice to second, Maldonado out at second. Merrifield walked, Gore to second. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Merrifield out at second, Gore to third. Mondesi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. López pitching for Royals. Wainwright grounded out to second. Carpenter struck out looking. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gordon grounded out to first. Dozier homered to left (419 feet). Soler flied out to center. O'Hearn grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for Royals. DeJong grounded out to third. Ozuna walked. Martínez flied out to right. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Fowler in right field. Bader in center field. Maldonado singled to shallow right center. Hamilton hit for López. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Maldonado out at second. Merrifield grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hamilton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Lovelady pitching for Royals. Fowler homered to right (368 feet). Wong reached on bunt single to first. Barlow pitching for Royals. Bader struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out swinging, Wong stole second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Lopez struck out swinging. Mondesi struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Barlow pitching for Royals. DeJong struck out swinging. Ozuna doubled to deep left. Gyorko hit for Miller. Gyorko grounded out to shortstop. Molina singled to center, Ozuna scored. Fowler doubled to right, Molina to third. Wong homered to right (347 feet), Molina scored and Fowler scored. Boxberger pitching for Royals. Bader reached on infield single to third. Carpenter struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Martínez pitching for Cardinals. Gyorko at third base. Thomas in right field. Dozier struck out swinging. Soler popped out to second. O'Hearn grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Owings in right field. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. DeJong walked. Ozuna grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, DeJong out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Maldonado reached on infield single to third. Owings lined out to right. Merrifield lined out to left. Maldonado to second on fielder's indifference. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 3 - Cardinals 10.	Ozuna, Carpenter homer, Cardinals split DH with Royals 10-3