Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Locastro struck out looking. Marte grounded out to pitcher. Escobar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. Muñoz grounded out to third. Goldschmidt singled to left. O'Neill doubled to left, Goldschmidt scored. Fowler struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Walker grounded out to first. Jones struck out swinging. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong singled to left center. Wong picked off and caught stealing second. Knizner struck out swinging. Bader lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ahmed singled to center. Vargas grounded out to first, Ahmed to second. Greinke grounded out to second, Ahmed to third. Locastro hit by pitch. Marte flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Wainwright walked. Carpenter lined out to shortstop, Wainwright safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed. Muñoz singled to shallow right, Wainwright scored. Goldschmidt homered to left (416 feet), Muñoz scored. O'Neill struck out swinging. Fowler singled to right. Wong singled to center, Fowler to third. Knizner grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Escobar grounded out to second. Walker flied out to center. Jones singled to center. Avila struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Bader doubled to deep right center. Wainwright sacrificed to pitcher, Bader to third. Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to center, Bader scored. Muñoz flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ahmed reached on infield single to shortstop. Vargas grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ahmed out at second. Greinke grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vargas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Goldschmidt flied out to left. O'Neill struck out looking. Fowler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Locastro singled to center. Marte walked, Locastro to second. Escobar struck out swinging. Walker flied out to center, Locastro to third. Jones popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong grounded out to shortstop. Knizner grounded out to shortstop. Bader struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Avila struck out swinging. Ahmed lined out to center. Vargas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Edman hit for Wainwright. Edman grounded out to third. Carpenter flied out to left. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Leyba at second base. Muñoz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Leone pitching for Cardinals. Leyba singled to right center. Locastro grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Leyba out at second. Marte walked, Locastro to second. Escobar struck out swinging. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. O'Neill struck out swinging. Fowler singled to right. Wong grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop. Avila lined out to right. Ahmed walked, Jones to second. Lamb hit for Godley. Lamb struck out swinging. Leyba doubled to right center, Jones scored, Ahmed to third. Locastro reached on infield single to third, Ahmed scored, Leyba to third. Martínez pitching for Cardinals. Locastro to second on fielder's indifference. Marte walked. Escobar flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 2 - Cardinals 5.	Wainwright throws 7 scoreless, Cardinals beat D-Backs 5-2