Pirates - Top 1st. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Frazier popped out to shortstop. Reynolds singled to shallow left. Marte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Carpenter struck out swinging. DeJong struck out swinging. Goldschmidt walked. Goldschmidt scored on error by left fielder Dickerson, O'Neill safe at second on error by left fielder Dickerson. Fowler struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 2nd. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Bell struck out swinging. Moran grounded out to second. Dickerson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Wong fouled out to right. Wieters lined out to shortstop. Bader walked. Mikolas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Newman grounded out to shortstop. Stallings grounded out to shortstop. Musgrove grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Carpenter singled to shallow right. DeJong flied out to left. Goldschmidt doubled to deep left center, Carpenter scored and Carpenter scored, Goldschmidt to second. O'Neill reached on infield single to second, Goldschmidt to third. Fowler hit sacrifice fly to left, Goldschmidt scored, O'Neill to second. Wong flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Frazier grounded out to second. Reynolds doubled to right. Marte flied into double play, right to second to shortstop, Reynolds doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Wieters struck out swinging. Bader grounded out to shortstop. Mikolas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Bell grounded out to first. Moran flied out to center. Dickerson reached on infield single to third. Newman singled to center, Dickerson to second. Newman to second on balk, Dickerson to third on balk. Stallings grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Carpenter hit by pitch. Carpenter picked off first. DeJong singled to left. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. O'Neill homered to center (414 feet), DeJong scored. Fowler walked. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Díaz catching. Wong grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Díaz struck out swinging. Frazier singled to left. Reynolds singled to center, Frazier to third. Marte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Wieters flied out to center. Bader struck out looking. Mikolas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Bell struck out swinging. Moran doubled to left center. Dickerson grounded out to shortstop, Moran to third. Newman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Edman hit for Carpenter. Crick pitching for Pirates. Edman struck out swinging. DeJong flied out to center. Goldschmidt walked. O'Neill homered to center (433 feet), Goldschmidt scored. Fowler singled to center. Escobar pitching for Pirates. Kang at shortstop. Wong hit by pitch, Fowler to second. Wieters grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Edman at third base. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Kang singled to left, Kang safe at second on error by left fielder O'Neill. Díaz flied out to center. Frazier grounded out to second, Kang to third. Reynolds flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Escobar pitching for Pirates. Bader grounded out to shortstop. Mikolas singled to left. Edman lined into double play, shortstop to first, Mikolas doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Marte grounded out to third. Bell grounded out to second. Moran fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 0 - Cardinals 7.	Mikolas, O'Neill lead Cardinals to 7-0 win over Pirates 7-0