Cardinals - Top 1st. Castillo pitching for Reds. Fowler grounded out to third. Edman singled to center. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Ozuna doubled to deep left, Edman scored. DeJong grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Senzel grounded out to shortstop. VanMeter struck out swinging. Su치rez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Carpenter lined out to third. Molina grounded out to pitcher. Wong singled to left. Wainwright singled to left, Wong to second. Fowler homered to right center (404 feet), Wong scored and Wainwright scored. Edman grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Aquino struck out swinging. Galvis struck out looking. Ervin flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. Ozuna singled to center. DeJong homered to center (411 feet), Ozuna scored. Carpenter flied out to left. Molina struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Barnhart walked. Iglesias singled to right, Barnhart to second. Castillo struck out bunting foul. Senzel struck out looking. VanMeter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 4th. Castillo pitching for Reds. Wong struck out swinging. Wainwright fouled out to catcher. Fowler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Su치rez lined out to right. Aquino struck out looking. Galvis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Castillo pitching for Reds. Edman singled to left. Goldschmidt homered to right center (418 feet), Edman scored. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. Bowman pitching for Reds. DeJong grounded out to second. Carpenter struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ervin flied out to right. Barnhart singled to left. Iglesias grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Barnhart out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Bowman pitching for Reds. Molina reached on infield single to first. Wong reached on infield single to shortstop, Molina to second. Wainwright flied out to right. Fowler singled to center, Molina scored, Wong to third. Edman singled to shallow right center, Wong scored on throwing error by center fielder Senzel and Fowler scored on throwing error by center fielder Senzel, Edman safe at third on throwing error by cen. Farmer at third base. Goldschmidt singled to left, Edman scored. Ozuna singled to center, Goldschmidt to second. DeJong struck out looking. Carpenter grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 6th. Fowler in right field. Edman in left field. Thomas in center field. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Bowman grounded out to second. Senzel singled to right. VanMeter doubled to deep center, Senzel scored. Farmer grounded out to third, VanMeter to third. Aquino homered to left (396 feet), VanMeter scored. Galvis singled to right. Ervin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Galvis out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. VanMeter at third base. Farmer catching. Barnhart at first base. Kuhnel pitching for Reds. Molina struck out swinging. Wong homered to right center (392 feet). Wainwright flied out to left. Fowler doubled to deep right. Edman grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Mu침oz at shortstop. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Barnhart doubled to deep right. Iglesias grounded out to third. Kuhnel grounded out to second, Barnhart to third. Barnhart scored and Barnhart scored on error by third baseman Carpenter, Senzel safe at first on error by third baseman Carpenter. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. VanMeter popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 8th. Wieters hit for Goldschmidt. Gausman pitching for Reds. Wieters struck out swinging. Thomas walked. Mu침oz lined out to pitcher, Thomas to second. Carpenter walked. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Wieters catching. Molina at first base. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Farmer popped out to second. Aquino flied out to left. Galvis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Peraza pitching for Reds. Wong reached on infield single to first. Arozarena hit for Brebbia. Arozarena fouled out to first. Fowler grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Wong out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 9th. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Arozarena in right field. Ervin fouled out to first. Barnhart fouled out to first. Lorenzen hit for Iglesias. Lorenzen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 13 - Reds 4.	Cardinals take over first place with 13-4 romp over Reds