Brewers - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cain singled to right. Grandal singled to left, Cain to second. Yelich lined out to center. Hiura singled to center, Cain scored, Grandal to second. Moustakas homered to right (386 feet), Grandal scored and Hiura scored. Braun doubled to center. Thames flied out to center. Arcia walked. Houser struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Houser pitching for Brewers. Fowler grounded out to third. Wong singled to center. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wong out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cain lined out to center. Grandal grounded out to shortstop. Yelich walked. Hiura grounded into fielder's choice to third, Yelich out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Houser pitching for Brewers. Ozuna struck out swinging. DeJong grounded out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Moustakas walked. Braun struck out looking. Thames doubled to right, Moustakas to third. Arcia grounded out to shortstop. Houser grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Houser pitching for Brewers. Carpenter struck out looking. Bader walked. Wainwright struck out swinging. Fowler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cain grounded out to shortstop. Grandal flied out to center. Yelich reached on infield single to third. Hiura doubled to left center, Yelich scored. Moustakas intentionally walked. Braun grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Houser pitching for Brewers. Wong walked. Goldschmidt lined out to left. Ozuna flied out to center. DeJong lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Thames grounded out to first. Arcia grounded out to pitcher. Houser grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Houser pitching for Brewers. Molina struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out swinging. Bader safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas. Muñoz hit for Wainwright. Muñoz reached on infield single to second, Muñoz safe at first on error by first baseman Thames, Bader safe at third on error by first baseman Thames, Bader to third. Fowler singled to right, Bader scored, Muñoz to second. Muñoz scored on throwing error by catcher Grandal, Fowler safe at second on throwing error by catcher Grandal. Wong struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Fernandez pitching for Cardinals. Cain hit by pitch. Cain to second on pickoff error by pitcher Fernandez. Grandal walked. Yelich grounded into fielder's choice to second, Grandal out at second, Cain to third. Hiura lined out to shortstop. Moustakas walked, Yelich to second. Braun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Houser pitching for Brewers. Goldschmidt lined out to right. Ozuna singled to right. DeJong reached on infield single to second, Ozuna to second. Molina doubled to left, Ozuna scored, DeJong to third. Claudio pitching for Brewers. Carpenter struck out swinging. Albers pitching for Brewers. Bader struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Fernandez pitching for Cardinals. Thames struck out swinging. Arcia grounded out to second. Gamel hit for Albers. Gamel flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Pomeranz pitching for Brewers. Thomas hit for Fernandez. Gamel in left field. Thomas struck out swinging. Fowler walked. Wong fouled out to catcher. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Cain grounded out to second. Grandal lined out to center. Yelich flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 5 - Cardinals 3.	Brewers knock Cardinals out of 1st place with 5-3 win