Cardinals - Top 1st. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler struck out swinging. Edman homered to left (421 feet). Goldschmidt walked. Ozuna doubled to left, Goldschmidt to third. Molina grounded out to shortstop, Goldschmidt scored. DeJong lined out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Dyson struck out swinging. Rojas struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter grounded out to second. Bader grounded out to third. Wainwright safe at first on error by first baseman Walker. Fowler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Walker singled to right. Lamb singled to right, Walker to third. Jones singled to left, Walker scored, Lamb to second. Ahmed grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second, Lamb to third. Kelly struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Edman hit by pitch. Goldschmidt homered to right (389 feet), Edman scored. Ozuna grounded out to third. Molina singled to left center. DeJong struck out swinging. Carpenter walked, Molina to second. Bader flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Young grounded out to third. Dyson grounded out to second. Rojas walked. Escobar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Wainwright struck out swinging. Fowler struck out swinging. Edman reached on infield single to shortstop. Goldschmidt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Walker homered to center (418 feet). Lamb lined out to center. Jones flied out to center. Ahmed struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Ozuna doubled to deep center. Molina homered to left (429 feet), Ozuna scored. DeJong struck out swinging. Carpenter flied out to center. Bader lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Kelly struck out swinging. Leyba hit for Young. Leyba walked. Dyson singled to left, Dyson safe at second on error by left fielder Ozuna, Leyba to second, Leyba safe at third on error by left fielder Ozuna. Rojas singled to center, Leyba scored, Dyson to third. Escobar singled to left, Dyson scored, Rojas to second. Walker reached on infield single to catcher, Escobar to second, Rojas to third. Lamb hit sacrifice fly to right, Rojas scored. Jones struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Ravelo hit for Wainwright. Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks. Ravelo flied out to center. Fowler struck out looking. Edman lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Helsley pitching for Cardinals. Ahmed reached on infield single to second. Kelly struck out looking. Almonte hit for Sherfy. Almonte grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Ahmed out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Ozuna walked. Molina struck out swinging. DeJong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Dyson popped out to third. Rojas popped out to first. Escobar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter struck out swinging. Bader homered to left (380 feet). O'Neill hit for Gallegos. O'Neill flied out to center. Fowler struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Walker struck out swinging. Lamb struck out looking. Jones popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Duplantier pitching for Diamondbacks. Edman walked. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third, Edman to second. Ozuna walked, Goldschmidt to second, Edman to third. Molina hit sacrifice fly to left, Edman scored, Goldschmidt to third. Scott pitching for Diamondbacks. Goldschmidt scored, Ozuna to second on passed ball by Kelly. DeJong walked. Carpenter flied out to center, DeJong to second, Ozuna to third. Bader grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Ahmed homered to right center (393 feet). Kelly walked. Martínez pitching for Cardinals. Vargas hit for Scott. Vargas flied out to center. Dyson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kelly out at second. Dyson to second on fielder's indifference. Rojas doubled to deep center, Dyson scored. Escobar struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 9 - Diamondbacks 7.	Goldschmidt hits 2-run shot in return to Arizona