Athletics - Top 1st. Peacock pitching for Astros. Grossman singled to center. Chapman singled to left, Grossman to second. Piscotty walked, Chapman to second, Grossman to third. Morales lined into double play, second to shortstop, Chapman doubled off second. Pinder doubled to deep left, Grossman scored and Piscotty scored. Semien grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Fiers pitching for Athletics. Springer struck out swinging. Altuve walked. Bregman singled to left, Altuve to second. Brantley singled to right, Altuve scored, Bregman to third. Correa reached on infield single to third, Bregman scored, Brantley to second. Reddick flied out to right, Brantley to third. Díaz homered to right (368 feet), Brantley scored and Correa scored. Stassi walked. Kemp singled to right, Stassi to second. Springer grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Profar grounded out to second. Laureano struck out swinging. Phegley singled to center. Grossman homered to right (365 feet), Phegley scored. Chapman safe at first on error by shortstop Correa. Piscotty struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Fiers pitching for Athletics. Altuve reached on infield single to third. Bregman popped out to third. Brantley singled to right, Altuve to second. Correa struck out swinging. Reddick walked, Brantley to second, Altuve to third. Díaz walked, Altuve scored, Reddick to second, Brantley to third. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Stassi struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Morales grounded out to third. Pinder grounded out to shortstop. Semien popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Kemp grounded out to first. Springer struck out looking. Altuve struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Profar grounded out to first. Laureano singled to center. Phegley lined out to center. Grossman doubled to deep left, Laureano scored. Chapman grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Bregman hit ground rule double to right. Brantley grounded out to second, Bregman to third. Correa struck out swinging. Reddick grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Piscotty flied out to left. Morales struck out swinging. Pinder flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Díaz grounded out to third. Stassi grounded out to shortstop. Kemp flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. James pitching for Astros. Semien lined out to right. Profar grounded out to second. Laureano singled to left. Phegley homered to left (369 feet), Laureano scored. Grossman struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Soria pitching for Athletics. Springer popped out to first. Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop. Bregman singled to center, Altuve to third. Brantley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bregman out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. James pitching for Astros. Chapman flied out to right. Piscotty lined out to left. Morales grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Correa struck out looking. Reddick grounded out to first. Díaz fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Rondón pitching for Astros. Pinder homered to center (388 feet). Semien doubled to right, Semien thrown out at third. Profar hit by pitch. Profar stole second, Profar safe at third on throwing error by catcher Stassi. Laureano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Laureano to second, Profar out at home in rundown. Phegley walked. Grossman lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 8th. White hit for Stassi. Trivino pitching for Athletics. White grounded out to shortstop. Kemp homered to right center (359 feet). Springer doubled to right. Treinen pitching for Athletics. Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop, Springer to third. Bregman hit sacrifice fly to center, Springer scored, Altuve to second. Brantley intentionally walked. Correa grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Chirinos catching. Osuna pitching for Astros. Chapman lined out to shortstop. Piscotty struck out swinging. Morales flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Treinen pitching for Athletics. Reddick walked. Díaz singled to left, Reddick to second. Chirinos bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Díaz to second, Reddick out at third. Kemp walked, Chirinos to second, Díaz to third. Springer struck out swinging. Altuve walked, Díaz scored, Kemp to second, Chirinos to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 8 - Astros 9.	Astros top A's 9-8 on Altuve's bases-loaded walk in 9th