Astros - Top 1st. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Springer grounded out to shortstop. Altuve fouled out to right. Bregman doubled to right. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Cole pitching for Astros. Choo doubled to right. Santana singled to center, Choo scored. Santana stole second. Andrus walked. Mazara walked, Andrus to second, Santana to third. Gallo struck out looking. Cabrera singled to left, Andrus scored and Santana scored, Mazara to second. Forsythe singled to left, Mazara scored, Cabrera to second. Kiner-Falefa grounded into fielder's choice to second, Forsythe out at second, Cabrera to third. Cabrera scored on error by shortstop Correa, DeShields safe at first on error by shortstop Correa, Kiner-Falefa to second. Choo grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 2nd. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Correa doubled to left. Gurriel flied out to right. Reddick struck out swinging. Stassi grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Cole pitching for Astros. Santana singled to left. Andrus struck out swinging, Santana caught stealing second, catcher to second. Mazara struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Marisnick struck out swinging. Springer grounded out to third. Altuve flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Cole pitching for Astros. Gallo homered to right (433 feet). Cabrera grounded out to first. Forsythe struck out looking. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Bregman walked. Brantley singled to center, Bregman to second. Correa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Brantley out at second, Bregman to third. Gurriel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Cole pitching for Astros. DeShields flied out to center. Choo struck out swinging. Santana doubled to deep right. Andrus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Reddick singled to center. Reddick to second on wild pitch by Sampson. Stassi homered to right (366 feet), Reddick scored. Marisnick reached on bunt single to third. Springer singled to left center, Marisnick to second. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to third, Springer to second, Marisnick out at third. Kelley pitching for Rangers. Bregman grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Altuve out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Cole pitching for Astros. Mazara struck out swinging. Gallo doubled to right. Cabrera singled to right center, Gallo scored. Forsythe walked, Cabrera to second. Devenski pitching for Astros. Kiner-Falefa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Forsythe out at second, Cabrera to third. Kiner-Falefa stole second. DeShields tripled to center, Cabrera scored and Kiner-Falefa scored. Choo flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Kelley pitching for Rangers. Brantley doubled to right. Correa flied out to center, Brantley to third. Gurriel lined out to third. Reddick lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Rondón pitching for Astros. Santana struck out swinging. Andrus walked. Mazara popped out to shortstop. Gallo lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Stassi flied out to center. Marisnick doubled to deep right center. Springer homered to center (433 feet), Marisnick scored. Altuve grounded out to second. Bregman hit by pitch. Brantley grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Guduan pitching for Astros. Cabrera struck out looking. Forsythe flied out to left. Kiner-Falefa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Correa struck out looking. Gurriel reached on infield single to shortstop. Reddick flied out to right. Stassi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Guduan pitching for Astros. DeShields struck out looking. Choo grounded out to shortstop. Santana lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Martin pitching for Rangers. Marisnick grounded out to third. Springer grounded out to second. Altuve lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 4 - Rangers 9.	Gallo goes deep again in Rangers' 9-4 win over Astros, Cole