Rangers - Top 1st. Cole pitching for Astros. Choo struck out swinging. Santana struck out swinging. Andrus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Springer flied out to right. Reddick grounded out to shortstop. Bregman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Cole pitching for Astros. Gallo struck out swinging. Pence homered to right (383 feet). Odor struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Smyly pitching for Rangers. Brantley flied out to right. Correa struck out swinging. Gurriel singled to left. White flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Cole pitching for Astros. Guzmán struck out swinging. Mathis popped out to third. Choo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Smyly pitching for Rangers. Chirinos lined out to center. Díaz flied out to left. Springer doubled to left. Reddick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Cole pitching for Astros. Santana singled to center. Andrus grounded out to third, Santana to third. Gallo struck out swinging. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Smyly pitching for Rangers. Bregman struck out swinging. Brantley homered to right (362 feet). Correa flied out to left. Gurriel lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Cole pitching for Astros. Odor struck out looking. Cabrera flied out to center. Guzmán struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Smyly pitching for Rangers. White popped out to second. Chirinos walked. Díaz grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Chirinos to second, Chirinos safe at third on error by second baseman Odor. Springer popped out to second. Reddick singled to center, Chirinos scored, Díaz to second. Bregman popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 6th. Cole pitching for Astros. Mathis reached on infield single to shortstop. Choo flied out to center, Mathis to second. Santana reached on infield single to pitcher, Mathis to third. Andrus grounded out to third, Santana to second. Gallo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Smyly pitching for Rangers. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. Correa walked. Gurriel flied out to left. White walked, Correa to second. Chirinos walked, White to second, Correa to third. Dowdy pitching for Rangers. Díaz homered to left (381 feet), Correa scored, White scored and Chirinos scored. Springer singled to right. Reddick struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Pence struck out swinging. Odor reached on bunt single to catcher. Odor stole second. Cabrera singled to right, Odor to third. Guzmán homered to right (415 feet), Odor scored and Cabrera scored. Mathis fouled out to first. Choo walked. Rondón pitching for Astros. Santana struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Dowdy pitching for Rangers. Bregman singled to center. Brantley singled to left, Bregman to second. Correa grounded into double play, third to first, Brantley to second, Bregman out at third. Gurriel reached on infield single to first, Brantley to third. White singled to right, Brantley scored, Gurriel to third. Marisnick ran for White. Gómez pitching for Rangers. Marisnick stole second. Chirinos singled to right, Gurriel scored and Marisnick scored. Díaz fouled out to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Marisnick as designated hitter. James pitching for Astros. Andrus singled to left center. Andrus caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Gallo struck out swinging. Pence doubled to deep center. Odor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Huang pitching for Rangers. Springer walked. Reddick popped out to third. Bregman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bregman safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus, Springer safe at second on error by shortstop Andrus. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bregman out at second, Springer to third. Correa singled to left, Springer scored, Brantley to second. Gurriel singled to deep right, Brantley scored, Correa to third. Marisnick popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 9th. James pitching for Astros. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guzmán grounded out to second. Mathis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 4 - Astros 11.	Cole's 12 Ks, Díaz's slam help Astros top Rangers 11-4