Blue Jays - Top 1st. Valdez pitching for Astros. Sogard grounded out to shortstop. Grichuk struck out, Grichuk to first on wild pitch by Valdez. Gurriel Jr. grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Grichuk out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Richard pitching for Blue Jays. Bregman walked. Brantley hit by pitch, Bregman to second. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to first, Brantley out at second, Bregman to third. Alvarez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gurriel out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Valdez pitching for Astros. Hernández walked. Tellez struck out swinging. Hernández stole second. Galvis struck out swinging. Biggio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Richard pitching for Blue Jays. White doubled to deep left center. Reddick lined out to pitcher. Mayfield doubled to left, White scored. Mayfield to third on wild pitch by Richard. Mayfield scored on error by first baseman Biggio, Stubbs safe at first on error by first baseman Biggio. Straw flied out to left. Stubbs to second on wild pitch by Richard. Bregman grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Valdez pitching for Astros. Jansen grounded out to third. Drury grounded out to third. Sogard singled to left. Grichuk grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Richard pitching for Blue Jays. Brantley grounded out to first. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. Alvarez homered to right (439 feet). White walked. Reddick grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Gurriel Jr. grounded out to third. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Tellez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Richard pitching for Blue Jays. Mayfield doubled to left. Stubbs grounded out to second, Mayfield to third. Straw doubled to deep center, Mayfield scored. Bregman singled to left, Straw scored, Bregman thrown out at second. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Galvis singled to right. Biggio singled to center, Galvis to second. Jansen lined out to right, Galvis to third. Drury singled to right, Galvis scored, Biggio to third. Sogard hit sacrifice fly to left, Biggio scored. Grichuk grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Richard pitching for Blue Jays. Gurriel struck out swinging. Alvarez singled to deep center. White grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Alvarez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Gurriel Jr. struck out swinging. Hernández walked. Hernández to third on wild pitch by Valdez. Tellez struck out swinging. Galvis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Kingham pitching for Blue Jays. Reddick homered to right (401 feet). Mayfield doubled to left. Mayfield to third on wild pitch by Kingham. Stubbs struck out swinging. Straw singled to center, Mayfield scored, Straw thrown out at second. Bregman lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Biggio struck out swinging. Jansen flied out to left. Drury struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Kingham pitching for Blue Jays. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. Alvarez reached on infield single to third. White singled to left, Alvarez to second. Reddick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Sogard reached on bunt single to third. Grichuk grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sogard out at second. Gurriel Jr. lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Romano pitching for Blue Jays. Mayfield lined out to second. Stubbs struck out swinging. Straw grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. James pitching for Astros. Hernández flied out to center. Tellez flied out to left. Galvis singled to center. Biggio grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 2 - Astros 7.	Rookie Alvarez homers again, Astros top Blue Jays 7-2