Astros - Top 1st. Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals. Springer walked. Altuve reached on infield single to pitcher, Springer to second. Bregman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Altuve out at second, Springer to third. Brantley grounded out to second, Springer scored, Bregman to second. Correa singled to deep right center, Bregman scored. Gurriel grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Cole pitching for Astros. Edman struck out swinging. Muñoz grounded out to third. Martínez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals. Reddick grounded out to shortstop. Chirinos singled to left. Cole bunted into double play, first to shortstop to second, Chirinos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Cole pitching for Astros. Goldschmidt flied out to center. DeJong struck out swinging. Wong walked. O'Neill singled to deep right center, Wong to third. Knizner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, O'Neill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals. Springer lined out to left. Altuve walked. Bregman walked, Altuve to second. Brantley walked, Bregman to second, Altuve to third. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Correa homered to right (367 feet), Altuve scored, Bregman scored and Brantley scored. Gurriel singled to center. Reddick grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gurriel out at second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Cole pitching for Astros. Wacha fouled out to first. Edman fouled out to third. Muñoz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Chirinos singled to right. Cole struck out bunting foul. Springer struck out swinging. Altuve reached on infield single to pitcher, Chirinos to second. Bregman lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Cole pitching for Astros. Martínez struck out swinging. Goldschmidt homered to center (421 feet). DeJong doubled to left. Wong fouled out to third. DeJong to third on passed ball by Chirinos. O'Neill flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Brantley popped out to shortstop. Correa flied out to center. Gurriel singled to right. Reddick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Cole pitching for Astros. Knizner fouled out to third. Wacha struck out looking. Edman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Chirinos grounded out to first. Cole struck out swinging. Springer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Cole pitching for Astros. Muñoz flied out to center. Martínez doubled to deep left. Goldschmidt popped out to shortstop. DeJong walked. Wong grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Altuve popped out to first. Bregman doubled to center. Brantley struck out swinging. Correa grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Cole pitching for Astros. O'Neill walked. Knizner grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, O'Neill out at second. Bader hit for Wacha. Bader struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Mayers pitching for Cardinals. Gurriel grounded out to second. Reddick doubled to center. Chirinos walked. Alvarez hit for Cole. Alvarez struck out swinging. Springer tripled to deep center, Reddick scored and Chirinos scored. Altuve walked. Bregman flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Springer in right field. Marisnick in center field. Reddick in left field. Smith pitching for Astros. Edman singled to right center. Muñoz safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Gurriel, Edman safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Gurriel. Martínez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Edman scored, Muñoz out at second. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martínez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Top 9th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Ravelo at first base. Marisnick struck out swinging. Díaz hit for Correa. Díaz grounded out to second. Gurriel flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Díaz at shortstop. Rondón pitching for Astros. DeJong flied out to left. Wong struck out swinging. O'Neill singled to right. Knizner reached on infield single to pitcher, O'Neill to second. Ravelo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 8 - Cardinals 2.	Correa takes spike to elbow in 'unnecessary slide'