Astros - Top 1st. Brooks pitching for Orioles. Springer struck out looking. Altuve grounded out to third. Brantley singled to right. Bregman homered to left (384 feet), Brantley scored. Alvarez homered to right (442 feet). Correa struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Astros. Villar doubled to right. Mancini grounded out to catcher. Santander reached on infield single to shortstop. Núñez walked, Santander to second, Villar to third. Peterson hit sacrifice fly to left, Villar scored. Sisco grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Brooks pitching for Orioles. Gurriel singled to right center. Maldonado grounded out to second, Gurriel to second. Reddick singled to right center, Gurriel scored. Springer flied out to right, Reddick to second. Altuve homered to left (365 feet), Reddick scored. Brantley singled to center. Bregman doubled to deep center, Brantley scored. Bregman to third on wild pitch by Brooks. Bregman to third on wild pitch by Brooks. Bregman scored on balk. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Astros. Davis walked. Alberto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Alberto safe at first on error by third baseman Bregman, Davis to second. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Villar grounded into fielder's choice to first, Alberto out at second, Davis to third. Mancini walked, Villar to second. Santander grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 3rd. Brooks pitching for Orioles. Correa homered to left center (474 feet). Gurriel flied out to center. Maldonado struck out swinging. Reddick grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Astros. Núñez flied out to right. Peterson struck out swinging. Sisco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Kline pitching for Orioles. Springer safe at first on error by third baseman Peterson. Altuve grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Springer out at second. Brantley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Astros. Davis struck out swinging. Alberto flied out to center. Wilkerson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Kline pitching for Orioles. Bregman hit ground rule double to deep right. Alvarez walked. Correa singled to center, Bregman scored, Alvarez to second. Gurriel doubled to deep left center, Alvarez scored, Correa to third. Maldonado popped out to second. Reddick grounded out to third. Springer doubled to left, Correa scored and Gurriel scored. Altuve grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Springer in right field. Marisnick in center field. Díaz at third base. Reddick in left field. Sanchez pitching for Astros. Villar struck out looking. Mancini struck out swinging. Santander doubled to right. Núñez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Kline pitching for Orioles. Marisnick doubled to deep right center. Díaz singled to left, Marisnick to third. Scott pitching for Orioles. Alvarez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Marisnick scored, Díaz out at second. Correa grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Rondón pitching for Astros. Peterson singled to center. Sisco grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Peterson out at second. Davis doubled to left center. Alberto lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Scott pitching for Orioles. Gurriel doubled to deep left. Maldonado grounded out to catcher. Reddick grounded out to first, Gurriel to third. Springer walked. Altuve singled to deep left, Gurriel scored, Springer to second. Marisnick singled to left, Springer scored, Altuve to second. Díaz singled to right, Marisnick to second, Altuve to third. Alvarez homered to right (407 feet), Altuve, Marisnick and Díaz scored. Correa struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Smith pitching for Astros. Wilkerson grounded out to first. Villar struck out swinging. Ruiz hit for Mancini. Ruiz homered to right (384 feet). Santander flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Ruiz at third base. Peterson in right field. Eshelman pitching for Orioles. Gurriel singled to right. Maldonado grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gurriel out at second. Villar at second base. Santander in center field. Martin at shortstop. Alberto in left field. Stevie Wilkerson pitching for Orioles. Reddick popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Martin grounded out to third. Peterson struck out swinging. Sisco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Wilkerson pitching for Orioles. Springer grounded out to third. Altuve doubled to left. Marisnick flied out to center. Díaz singled to right, Altuve scored. Alvarez homered to right, Díaz scored. Correa singled to left. Gurriel flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Davis struck out swinging. Alberto grounded out to shortstop. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 23 - Orioles 2.	Alvarez's 3 homers help Astros hang 23 on O's