Astros - Top 1st. Detwiler pitching for White Sox. Springer struck out swinging. Altuve grounded out to second. Brantley doubled to left. Bregman doubled to deep right, Brantley scored. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Miley pitching for Astros. Jay grounded out to second. Anderson flied out to center. Abreu doubled to right center. McCann grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Detwiler pitching for White Sox. Correa flied out to center. Gurriel homered to left (395 feet). Chirinos struck out swinging. Marisnick bunt grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Miley pitching for Astros. Jiménez safe at first on error by first baseman Gurriel, Jiménez safe at second on error by shortstop Correa. Castillo doubled to right center, Jiménez scored. Goins struck out looking. Engel singled to shallow left, Engel to second, Castillo to third. Sánchez sacrificed, Castillo scored on throwing error by pitcher Miley and Engel scored on throwing error by pitcher Miley, Sánchez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Miley. Jay singled to left, Sánchez to third. Anderson singled to right, Sánchez scored, Jay to second. Abreu grounded into double play, third to second to first, Anderson out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Detwiler pitching for White Sox. Springer singled to right. Altuve singled to shallow left, Springer to second. Brantley singled to left, Altuve to second, Springer to third. Bregman grounded out to third, Springer scored, Brantley to second, Altuve to third. Alvarez grounded out to second, Altuve scored, Brantley to third. Correa walked. Gurriel walked, Correa to second. Chirinos struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Miley pitching for Astros. McCann singled to right center. Jiménez doubled to deep center, McCann to third. Castillo singled to center, McCann scored, Jiménez to third. Goins grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Jiménez scored, Castillo out at second. Engel lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Detwiler pitching for White Sox. Marisnick fouled out to right. Springer popped out to second. Altuve fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Miley pitching for Astros. Sánchez walked. Jay lined out to right. Anderson hit ground rule double to right, Sánchez to third. McHugh pitching for Astros. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to right, Sánchez scored, Anderson to third. McCann struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Detwiler pitching for White Sox. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. Bregman flied out to left. Alvarez safe at first on error by first baseman Abreu. Cordero pitching for White Sox. Correa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Jiménez flied out to right. Castillo walked. Goins struck out swinging. Engel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Cordero pitching for White Sox. Gurriel homered to left center (395 feet). Chirinos reached on infield single to pitcher. Marisnick struck out swinging. Springer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Chirinos out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Sánchez grounded out to second. Jay grounded out to first. Anderson doubled to center. Smith pitching for Astros. Abreu singled to right, Anderson scored, Abreu thrown out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Cordero pitching for White Sox. Altuve singled to right. Bummer pitching for White Sox. Brantley singled to left, Altuve to third. Bregman singled to left, Altuve scored, Brantley to second. Alvarez struck out swinging. Correa walked, Bregman to second, Brantley to third. Gurriel singled to left, Brantley scored, Correa to second, Bregman to third. Díaz hit for Chirinos. Díaz grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Bregman out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Maldonado catching. Harris pitching for Astros. McCann lined out to left. Jiménez homered to center (434 feet). Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Goins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Marshall pitching for White Sox. Marisnick hit ground rule double to deep left. Springer popped out to shortstop. Altuve homered to left (368 feet), Marisnick scored. Osich pitching for White Sox. Brantley doubled to deep center. Colomé pitching for White Sox. Bregman lined out to second. Alvarez intentionally walked. Reddick ran for Alvarez. Correa walked, Reddick to second, Brantley to third. Gurriel lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Brantley in left field. Reddick in right field. Pressly pitching for Astros. Engel struck out looking. Sánchez singled to left center. Jay struck out swinging. Anderson singled to right, Sánchez to third. Abreu walked, Anderson to second. McCann homered to right (374 feet), Sánchez scored, Anderson scored and Abreu scored. Jiménez grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Cordell in right field. Colome pitching for White Sox. Maldonado struck out swinging. Marisnick struck out swinging. Springer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 9 - White Sox 13.	McCann grand slam in 8th powers White Sox past Astros 13-9