Braves - Top 1st . Wright pitching for Giants . Giles grounded out to second . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Jones struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Vizquel walked . Finley flied out to right . Vizquel stole second . Alou homered to left , Vizquel scored . Bonds lined out to center . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Wright pitching for Giants . Jones popped out to second . LaRoche lined out to left . Francoeur grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Feliz safe at first on error by third baseman Jones . Greene doubled to left , Feliz to third . Vizcaino reached on infield single to first . Wright flied out to center . Vizquel doubled to deep right center , Feliz , Greene and Vizcaino scored . Finley tripled to right , Vizquel scored . Alou walked . Bonds walked , Alou to second . Sweeney grounded out to second , Finley scored , Alou to third , Bonds to second . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 3rd . Wright pitching for Giants . Langerhans singled to right . Pratt grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Langerhans out at second . Hudson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Greene singled to center . Vizcaino grounded out to first , Greene to second . Wright grounded out to pitcher , Greene to third . Vizquel singled to right , Greene scored . Finley popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Wright pitching for Giants . Giles walked . Renteria lined out to left . Jones grounded into double play , third to second to first , Giles out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Alou grounded out to shortstop . Bonds singled to center . Sweeney grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bonds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Wright pitching for Giants . Jones popped out to shortstop . LaRoche walked . Francoeur singled to center , LaRoche to second . Langerhans grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Francoeur out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . James pitching for Braves . Diaz in left field . Feliz struck out looking . Greene flied out to left . Vizcaino walked . Wright flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Wright pitching for Giants . Pratt walked . Diaz singled to center , Pratt to second . Giles walked , Pratt to third , Diaz to second . Renteria singled to right , Pratt scored , Diaz to third , Giles to second . Jones grounded out to first , Diaz scored , Giles to third . Jones fouled out to catcher . LaRoche grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . James pitching for Braves . Vizquel singled to left , Vizquel out stretching at second . Finley struck out looking . Alou flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Orr hit for James . Wright pitching for Giants . Francoeur struck out swinging . Orr struck out swinging . Pratt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Remlinger pitching for Braves . Bonds lined out to right . Sweeney flied out to left . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Wright pitching for Giants . Diaz singled to center . Munter pitching for Giants . Niekro at first base . Giles walked , Diaz to second . Renteria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Giles out at second , Diaz to third . Jones doubled to deep center , Diaz and Renteria scored . Jones walked . Kline pitching for Giants . Jordan hit for LaRoche . Jordan at first base . Devine pitching for Braves . Jordan grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jones out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Devine pitching for Braves . Greene struck out swinging . Vizcaino walked . Vizcaino to second on wild pitch by Devine . Niekro fouled out to catcher . Vizquel singled to center , Vizcaino scored . Finley singled to right , Vizquel to second . Alou reached on infield single to shortstop , Vizquel to third , Finley to second . Vizquel scored , Finley to third , Alou to second on wild pitch by Devine . Winn hit for Kline . Bonds walked . Ellison ran for Bonds . Winn walked , Finley scored , Alou to third , Ellison to second . Feliz walked , Alou scored , Ellison to third , Winn to second . Ray pitching for Braves . Accardo pitching for Giants . Ellison in right field . Winn in left field . Greene grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Feliz out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Betemit hit for Ray . Accardo pitching for Giants . Francoeur lined out to first . Betemit walked . Pratt singled to center , Betemit to second . Diaz struck out swinging . Giles walked , Betemit to third , Pratt to second . Taschner pitching for Giants . Renteria singled to center , Betemit and Pratt scored , Giles to second . Giles to third , Renteria to second on wild pitch by Taschner . Jones struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 6 - Giants 12 .	Vizquel , Giants blast Hudson , Braves ; Bonds still at 708