Braves - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Orr singled to left . Renteria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Orr out at second . Renteria stole second . Jones grounded out to second , Renteria to third . Jones flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Davies pitching for Braves . Ramirez flied out to right . Uggla reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera popped out to second . Willingham hit by pitch , Uggla to second . Borchard lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . McCann safe at second on error by center fielder Abercrombie . Francoeur struck out swinging . LaRoche grounded out to second , McCann to third . Langerhans singled to left , McCann scored . Davies flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Davies pitching for Braves . Jacobs homered to right . Olivo grounded out to shortstop . Abercrombie walked . Johnson struck out bunting foul . Ramirez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Orr lined out to center . Renteria flied out to center . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Davies pitching for Braves . Uggla flied out to center . Cabrera singled to left . Willingham doubled to deep center , Cabrera scored . Willingham picked off second . Borchard struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Jones grounded out to pitcher . McCann flied out to left . Francoeur singled to right . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Davies pitching for Braves . Jacobs doubled to deep center . Olivo struck out swinging . Abercrombie doubled to left , Jacobs to third . Johnson struck out swinging . Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop , Jacobs scored , Abercrombie to third . Uggla flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Langerhans struck out looking . Davies grounded out to pitcher . Orr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Davies pitching for Braves . Cabrera homered to left center . McBride pitching for Braves . Willingham walked . Borchard grounded into double play , third to second to first , Willingham out at second . Jacobs flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Renteria grounded out to third . Jones singled to center . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at second . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . McBride pitching for Braves . Olivo grounded out to third . Aguila hit for Johnson . Abercrombie grounded out to second . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Aguila grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche flied out to left . Moylan pitching for Braves . Langerhans grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Ramirez singled to center . Uggla singled to left , Ramirez to second . Cabrera doubled to deep left center , Ramirez scored , Uggla to third . Willingham singled to center , Uggla scored , Cabrera to third . Borchard singled to right , Cabrera scored , Willingham to third . Jacobs grounded out to first , Borchard to second . Olivo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Willingham out at home , Borchard to third . Reed in center field . Borchard in left field . Abercrombie in right field . Betemit hit for Moylan . Abercrombie struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Betemit flied out to left . Orr grounded out to shortstop . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Betemit at shortstop . Amezaga hit for Nolasco . Renteria grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Amezaga tripled to deep left center . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Uggla singled to center , Amezaga scored . Cabrera doubled to right center , Uggla to third . Reed grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Uggla out at home . Remlinger pitching for Braves . Borchard homered to right , Cabrera and Reed scored . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Amezaga at second base . Jacobs flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Jones flied out to center . Jones flied out to center . McCann hit ground rule double to left . Francoeur singled to center , McCann to third . LaRoche doubled to left center , McCann and Francoeur scored . Langerhans walked . Betemit struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 3 - Marlins 11 .	Marlins pound out 17 hits in 11 - 3 rout of Braves