Braves - Top 1st . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles reached on infield single to second . Renteria singled to right , Giles to second . Jones walked , Giles to third , Renteria to second . Jones struck out swinging . McCann walked , Giles scored , Renteria to third , Jones to second . Francoeur struck out swinging . LaRoche homered to right , Renteria , Jones and McCann scored . Langerhans singled to center . Thomson singled to left , Langerhans to second . Giles grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Thomson pitching for Braves . Counsell flied out to center . DaVanon singled to center . Tracy flied out to center . Gonzalez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Renteria , DaVanon to second . Jackson singled to right , DaVanon scored , Gonzalez to third , Jackson to second on throwing error by right fielder Francoeur . Green flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Jones singled to center . Jones flied out to center . McCann walked , Jones to second . Francoeur lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Thomson pitching for Braves . Estrada grounded out to first . Hudson grounded out to second . Batista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . LaRoche singled to center . Langerhans struck out swinging . Thomson sacrificed to first , LaRoche to second . Giles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Thomson pitching for Braves . Counsell flied out to center . DaVanon flied out to center . Tracy fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Jones grounded out to first . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Thomson pitching for Braves . Gonzalez singled to right . Jackson singled to left center , Gonzalez to second . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jackson out at second , Gonzalez to third . Estrada hit sacrifice fly to right , Gonzalez scored . Hudson walked , Green to second . Batista fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . McCann flied out to center . Francoeur popped out to first . LaRoche struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Thomson pitching for Braves . Counsell reached on infield single to second . DaVanon walked , Counsell to second . Tracy singled to left center , Counsell to third , DaVanon to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Counsell scored , Tracy out at second , DaVanon to third . Jackson hit sacrifice fly to center , DaVanon scored . Green popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Langerhans struck out swinging . Thomson singled to right . Giles grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Thomson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Thomson pitching for Braves . Estrada popped out to shortstop . Green hit for Batista . Hudson grounded out to pitcher . Green walked . Counsell reached on infield single to shortstop , Green to second . McBride pitching for Braves . DaVanon homered to right , Green and Counsell scored . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Renteria walked . Jones singled to center , Renteria to second . Jones singled to left , Renteria scored , Jones to second . McCann grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones out at second , Jones to third . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . McBride pitching for Braves . Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop . Jackson singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Green walked , Gonzalez to third , Jackson to second . Estrada singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Jackson to third , Green to second . Easley hit for Medders . Hudson grounded into double play , third to catcher , Green out at third , Jackson out at home , Estrada to second , Hudson to first . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Easley singled to left , Estrada thrown out at home , Hudson to second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . LaRoche struck out looking . Diaz hit for McBride . Langerhans singled to right . Diaz doubled to deep center , Langerhans to third . Giles struck out swinging . Renteria walked . Jones singled to left , Langerhans and Diaz scored , Renteria to second . Remlinger pitching for Braves . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Remlinger pitching for Braves . Counsell walked . DaVanon bunt popped out to first . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Counsell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Orr ran for McCann . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . McCann doubled to deep center . Francoeur flied out to right , Orr to third . LaRoche singled to center , Orr scored . Betemit hit for Remlinger . Langerhans struck out swinging . Betemit singled to center , LaRoche to third . Pratt catching . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Giles struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Gonzalez doubled to deep center . Jackson popped out to third . Green doubled to deep right , Gonzalez scored . Estrada intentionally walked . Clark hit for Valverde . Hudson flied out to center . Clark hit by pitch , Green to third , Estrada to second . Counsell singled to right , Green scored , Estrada to third , Clark to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 9 - Diamondbacks 10 .	Diamondbacks use two - run rally in ninth to hold off Braves