Braves - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Orr struck out swinging . Betemit grounded out to second . Jones grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Smith pitching for Braves . Counsell walked . Byrnes flied out to center . Tracy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Counsell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones struck out swinging . McCann grounded out to second . Francoeur grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Smith pitching for Braves . Gonzalez struck out looking . Jackson doubled to deep left . Jackson to third on wild pitch by Smith . Green grounded out to first . Estrada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . LaRoche singled to center . Langerhans struck out swinging . Smith struck out swinging . Orr grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Smith pitching for Braves . Hudson grounded out to second . Webb grounded out to second . Counsell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Betemit grounded out to shortstop . Jones struck out looking . Jones grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Smith pitching for Braves . Byrnes safe at first on error by third baseman Jones . Pratt catching . Tracy doubled to right , Byrnes scored , Tracy to third on throwing error by second baseman Orr . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to left , Tracy scored . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Green grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Pratt singled to right . Francoeur grounded out to second , Pratt to second . Pratt to third on wild pitch by Webb . LaRoche grounded out to first . Langerhans grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Smith pitching for Braves . Estrada singled to center . Hudson singled to left , Estrada to second . Webb sacrificed to first , Estrada to third , Hudson to second . Counsell singled to right , Estrada scored , Hudson to third . Paronto pitching for Braves . Byrnes singled to center , Hudson scored , Counsell to third . Giles hit for Paronto . Tracy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Byrnes out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles grounded out to shortstop . Orr struck out swinging . Cormier pitching for Braves . Betemit grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Cormier pitching for Braves . Gonzalez singled to left . Jackson grounded out to third , Gonzalez to second . Green intentionally walked . Estrada flied out to left . Hudson intentionally walked , Gonzalez to third , Green to second . Webb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones singled to center . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jones out at second . Pratt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Cormier pitching for Braves . Counsell hit by pitch . Byrnes doubled to deep center , Counsell scored . Tracy walked . Gonzalez walked , Byrnes to third , Tracy to second . Jackson grounded into double play , first to catcher , Byrnes out at home , Tracy to third , Gonzalez to second . Green intentionally walked . Estrada hit by pitch , Tracy scored , Gonzalez to third , Green to second . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Langerhans in center field . Diaz in left field . Hudson singled to left , Gonzalez scored , Green to third , Estrada to second . Webb doubled to deep center , Green , Estrada and Hudson scored . Counsell grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Francoeur grounded out to third . LaRoche flied out to left . Langerhans walked . Diaz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Byrnes homered to left . Tracy homered to right . Gonzalez doubled to deep center . Jackson singled to center , Gonzalez scored . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jackson out at second . Estrada doubled to deep center , Green to third . Hudson grounded out to second . Webb struck out looking . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Orr grounded out to third . Betemit struck out looking . Jordan hit for Villarreal . Jones singled to center . Jordan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 0 - Diamondbacks 13 .	D - Backs ' Webb fires four - hit shutout