Dodgers - Top 1st . Thomson pitching for Braves . Furcal singled to center . Lofton singled to right , Furcal to third . Lofton stole second . Garciaparra reached on infield single to second , Furcal scored , Lofton to third . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lofton scored , Garciaparra safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Renteria . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Drew out at second , Garciaparra to third . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Garciaparra scored , Kemp safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Jones , Aybar safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Jone . Martinez intentionally walked . Martin hit sacrifice fly to right , Kemp scored , Aybar to third , Martinez to second on throwing error by right fielder Francoeur . Penny struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 3 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Giles batting . Jones grounded out to first , Renteria to second . Jones flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Thomson pitching for Braves . Furcal doubled to left . Lofton reached on bunt single to catcher , Furcal to third . Garciaparra reached on infield single to shortstop , Furcal scored , Lofton to second . Drew walked , Lofton to third , Garciaparra to second . Kemp hit sacrifice fly to center , Lofton scored , Garciaparra to third . Aybar walked , Drew to second . Cormier pitching for Braves . Langerhans in center field . Diaz in left field . Martinez singled to center , Garciaparra scored , Drew to third , Aybar to second . Martin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . LaRoche popped out to shortstop . Francoeur grounded out to second . Langerhans doubled to deep right center . Pratt singled to right , Langerhans scored . Diaz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Cormier pitching for Braves . Penny reached on infield single to third . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Penny out at second . Lofton walked , Furcal to second . Garciaparra grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lofton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Giles flied out to right . Renteria grounded out to second . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Cormier pitching for Braves . Drew grounded out to catcher . Kemp walked . Kemp stole second . Aybar struck out looking . Martinez singled to left , Kemp scored , Martinez to second advancing on throw . Martin intentionally walked . Martinez to third , Martin to second on wild pitch by Cormier . Penny flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Cormier struck out swinging . LaRoche flied out to center . Francoeur grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Cormier pitching for Braves . Furcal grounded out to second . Lofton singled to center . Garciaparra grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lofton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Langerhans flied out to center . Pratt doubled to left . Diaz doubled to left , Pratt scored . Giles doubled to deep right center , Diaz scored . Renteria singled to right , Giles to third . Betemit hit for Cormier . Jones singled to right , Giles scored , Renteria to second . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Betemit singled to right , Renteria scored , Jones to third . Villarreal pitching for Braves . LaRoche grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Betemit out at second . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Drew doubled to second . Drew to third on wild pitch by Villarreal . Kemp singled to left , Drew scored . Aybar grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Kemp out at second . Martinez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Francoeur grounded out to pitcher . Langerhans popped out to shortstop . Pratt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Ethier hit for Beimel . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Martin flied out to center . Ethier grounded out to second . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Furcal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Giles walked . Renteria struck out swinging . Orr hit for Villarreal . Jones walked , Giles to second . McBride pitching for Braves . Orr popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . McBride pitching for Braves . Lofton struck out looking . Garciaparra flied out to right . Drew grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . LaRoche struck out swinging . Francoeur doubled to right . Langerhans flied out to left , Francoeur to third . Paronto pitching for Braves . Pratt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Paronto pitching for Braves . Kemp singled to left center . Aybar singled to left , Kemp to second . Martinez homered to left , Kemp and Aybar scored . Saenz hit for Broxton . Martin flied out to center . Saenz struck out swinging . Baez pitching for Dodgers . Furcal struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Baez pitching for Dodgers . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Giles flied out to center . Renteria singled to right . Jones grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 12 - Braves 5 .	Martinez , Dodgers rough up Thomson in win vs. Braves