Blue Jays - Top 1st . Palmer pitching for Angels . Davis grounded out to second . Hill flied out to right . Bautista singled to center . Bautista picked off first . Lind batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Izturis grounded out to second . Kendrick homered to center ( 424 feet ) . Abreu singled to right . Hunter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Abreu out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Palmer pitching for Angels . Lind singled to right . Rivera struck out swinging . Arencibia doubled to right , Lind to third . Snider grounded out to shortstop , Lind scored , Arencibia to third . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Wells walked . Callaspo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wells out at second . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Palmer pitching for Angels . McDonald reached on bunt single to pitcher . Davis safe at first on error by shortstop Izturis , McDonald to second . Hill popped out to shortstop . Bautista walked , McDonald to third , Davis to second . Lind hit sacrifice fly to left , McDonald scored . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bautista out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Mathis singled to deep left , Mathis to second on error by left fielder Snider . Bourjos sacrificed to first , Mathis to third . Izturis doubled to left , Mathis scored . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop , Izturis to third . Abreu singled to shallow left , Izturis scored . Hunter singled to left , Abreu to second . Wells singled to right , Abreu scored , Hunter thrown out at third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Palmer pitching for Angels . Arencibia struck out swinging . Snider lined out to left . Encarnacion singled to left . McDonald doubled to left , Encarnacion to third . Davis singled to center , Encarnacion and McDonald scored , Davis to second advancing on throw . Hill singled to left , Davis scored , Hill to second advancing on throw . Bautista singled to left , Hill thrown out at home . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Callaspo singled to center . Trumbo singled to right , Callaspo to third . Mathis struck out swinging . Bourjos hit sacrifice fly to left , Callaspo scored , Trumbo to second . Izturis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Palmer pitching for Angels . Lind grounded out to second . Rivera popped out to second . Arencibia tripled to deep center . Thompson pitching for Angels . Snider flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Kendrick singled to right . Abreu flied out to left . Hunter struck out swinging . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kendrick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Thompson pitching for Angels . Encarnacion flied out to center . McDonald singled to left . Davis flied out to left . McDonald caught stealing second , McDonald safe at second on error by Trumbo . Hill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 6th . Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Callaspo grounded out to first . Trumbo struck out looking . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Bautista walked . Bautista to second on wild pitch by Jepsen . Bautista to third on wild pitch by Jepsen . Lind struck out swinging . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Arencibia intentionally walked . Snider flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Bourjos walked . Izturis struck out swinging . Kendrick grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bourjos out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Rodney pitching for Angels . Encarnacion flied out to center . McDonald grounded out to third . Davis popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Abreu struck out swinging . Hunter lined out to right . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Walden pitching for Angels . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Bautista safe at first on error by third baseman Callaspo . Lind flied out to left . Rivera reached on infield single to shortstop , Bautista to second . McCoy ran for Rivera . Arencibia grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 9th . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Callaspo popped out to second . Trumbo flied out to right . Mathis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 10th . Kohn pitching for Angels . Snider hit by pitch . Encarnacion flied out to left . Snider stole second . McDonald walked . Davis struck out swinging . Hill fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 10th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Bourjos struck out swinging . Izturis struck out swinging . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 11th . Kohn pitching for Angels . Bautista walked . Lind grounded out to pitcher , Bautista to second . McCoy struck out looking . Bulger pitching for Angels . Arencibia fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 11th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Abreu safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Encarnacion . Dotel pitching for Blue Jays . Hunter singled to right center , Abreu to third . Hunter to second on fielder 's indifference . Wells struck out swinging . Callaspo intentionally walked . Conger hit for Trumbo . Conger grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Abreu out at home , Hunter to third , Callaspo to second . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 12th . Wood at first base . Bulger pitching for Angels . Snider walked . Snider stole second . Encarnacion struck out looking . McDonald walked . Davis bunt grounded out to third , Snider to third , McDonald to second . Hill walked . Bautista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 12th . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Bourjos grounded out to pitcher . Izturis singled to right . Kendrick grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Izturis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 13th . Bulger pitching for Angels . Lind singled to right . Escobar hit for McCoy . Escobar walked , Lind to second . Arencibia struck out swinging . Snider grounded out to first , Lind to third , Escobar to second . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Escobar out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 13th . Nix at third base . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Abreu singled to center . Hunter singled to left , Abreu to third . Wells flied into double play , left to shortstop to first , Hunter doubled off first . Callaspo intentionally walked . Abreu caught stealing home , pitcher to second to catcher . Wood batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 14th . Haren pitching for Angels . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . Davis fouled out to third . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 14th . Rauch pitching for Blue Jays . Wood struck out swinging . Mathis struck out swinging . Bourjos doubled to deep left . Izturis singled to right , Bourjos scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 5 - Angels 6 .	Izturis ' RBI single powers Angels by Jays in 14