Blue Jays - Top 1st . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Escobar safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Plouffe . Patterson sacrificed to catcher , Escobar to second . Escobar to third on wild pitch by Blackburn . Bautista safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Valencia , Escobar scored . Bautista caught stealing second , catcher to second to first to second . Rivera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Span walked . Plouffe reached on bunt single to catcher , Span to second . Kubel struck out swinging . Morneau reached on infield single to first , Span to third , Plouffe to second , Span scored , Plouffe to third on throwing error by first baseman Cooper . Young hit sacrifice fly to center , Plouffe scored . Cuddyer struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Hill flied out to center . Arencibia homered to left ( 372 feet ) . Cooper walked . McDonald flied out to left . Davis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Valencia singled to left . Hughes struck out looking . Rivera flied out to center . Span singled to center , Valencia to second . Plouffe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Valencia out at third , Span to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Escobar singled to center . Patterson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Escobar out at second . Bautista popped out to second . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Kubel popped out to third . Morneau struck out swinging . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Hill struck out swinging . Arencibia struck out looking . Cooper flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Cuddyer singled to center . Valencia singled to center , Cuddyer to second . Hughes flied out to center . Rivera fouled out to first . Span grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Valencia out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . Davis struck out swinging . Escobar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Plouffe reached on infield single to shortstop , Plouffe to second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Kubel grounded out to second , Plouffe to third . Morneau struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Patterson flied out to right . Bautista grounded out to third . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Cuddyer homered to left ( 399 feet ) . Valencia grounded out to shortstop . Hughes flied out to right . Rivera singled to center . Span singled to left , Rivera to second . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Plouffe struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Hill grounded out to third . Arencibia flied out to right . Cooper lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Kubel singled to center . Morneau popped out to second . Dotel pitching for Blue Jays . Young struck out swinging . Cuddyer singled to center , Kubel to second . Valencia walked , Kubel to third , Cuddyer to second . Hughes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Escobar reached on infield single to third . Patterson tripled to deep right center , Escobar scored . Bautista intentionally walked . Capps pitching for Twins . Rivera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Revere hit for Rivera . Revere grounded out to shortstop . Span grounded out to pitcher . Plouffe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Butera catching . Capps pitching for Twins . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Arencibia struck out looking . Cooper grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Rauch pitching for Blue Jays . Kubel flied out to left . Morneau doubled to deep right center . Casilla ran for Morneau . Young struck out swinging . Cuddyer popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 10th . Casilla at second base . Hughes at first base . Perkins pitching for Twins . McDonald struck out swinging . Davis walked . Escobar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 10th . Rauch pitching for Blue Jays . Valencia grounded out to third . Hughes flied out to center . Butera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 11th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Patterson singled to center . Hoey pitching for Twins . Bautista homered to right ( 364 feet ) , Patterson scored . Rivera walked . Hill walked , Rivera to second . Mijares pitching for Twins . Arencibia doubled to deep left , Rivera and Hill scored . Encarnacion hit for Cooper . Encarnacion singled to left , Arencibia to third . McDonald walked , Encarnacion to second . Davis walked , Arencibia scored , Encarnacion to third , McDonald to second . Burnett pitching for Twins . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Encarnacion out at home , McDonald to third , Davis to second . Patterson hit sacrifice fly to left , McDonald scored . Bautista flied out to right . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 11th . Encarnacion at first base . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Span grounded out to second . Plouffe struck out swinging . Kubel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 9 - Twins 3 .	Jays drop Twins as Bautista HR keys 6 - run 11th