Blue Jays - Top 1st . Colon pitching for Yankees . Davis grounded out to second . Patterson struck out swinging . Bautista homered to left center ( 419 feet ) . Escobar singled to right . Rivera singled to left , Escobar to second . Hill flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter struck out swinging . Granderson struck out swinging . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Colon pitching for Yankees . Thames flied out to left . Arencibia struck out looking . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez flied out to center . Cano grounded out to first . Martin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Colon pitching for Yankees . Davis reached on infield single to shortstop . Patterson fouled out to catcher . Davis caught stealing second , catcher to second . Bautista walked . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Posada grounded out to first . Gardner doubled to center . Dickerson popped out to third . Jeter lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Colon pitching for Yankees . Rivera lined out to shortstop . Hill struck out swinging . Thames struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Granderson walked . Teixeira singled to center , Granderson to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Cano hit sacrifice fly to center , Granderson scored . Martin fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Colon pitching for Yankees . Arencibia struck out looking . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Davis fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Posada flied out to left . Gardner safe at first on error by third baseman Encarnacion . Dickerson struck out swinging , Gardner stole second . Jeter flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Colon pitching for Yankees . Patterson doubled to deep right . Bautista intentionally walked . Escobar sacrificed to third , Patterson to third , Bautista to second . Rivera intentionally walked . Hill singled to left , Patterson scored , Bautista to third , Rivera to second . Thames walked , Bautista scored , Rivera to third , Hill to second . Arencibia doubled to deep center , Rivera , Hill and Thames scored . Encarnacion struck out looking . Davis grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . McDonald at third base . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Granderson walked . Teixeira flied out to left . Rodriguez singled to center , Granderson to third . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson scored , Rodriguez safe at second on error by shortstop Escobar . Martin flied out to left . Posada grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Noesi pitching for Yankees . Patterson flied out to center . Bautista popped out to second . Escobar lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Rauch pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner struck out swinging . Dickerson struck out swinging . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Noesi pitching for Yankees . Rivera flied out to center . Hill hit ground rule double to deep left . Thames grounded out to second , Hill to third . Arencibia singled to left , Hill scored . McDonald popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Rauch pitching for Blue Jays . Granderson walked . Granderson stole second . Teixeira struck out swinging . Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop , Granderson to third . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Cano singled to right , Granderson scored , Rodriguez to second . Martin popped out to first . Posada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at third , Cano to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Noesi pitching for Yankees . Davis fouled out to first . Patterson grounded out to second . Bautista fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Francisco pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner singled to left center . Gardner stole second . Dickerson grounded out to second , Gardner to third . Jeter struck out swinging . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 7 - Yankees 3 .	Jays bash Yanks as Colon melts down in 6th