Blue Jays - Top 1st . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Escobar flied out to right . Patterson homered to right ( 393 feet ) . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Lind grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Andino grounded out to second . Markakis grounded out to first . Jones singled to left . Guerrero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Rivera reached on infield single to shortstop . Arencibia walked . Hill grounded out to first , Rivera to third , Arencibia to second . Davis hit sacrifice fly to center , Rivera scored . McCoy walked . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCoy out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Lee singled to center . Wieters hit ground rule double to deep left , Lee to third . Hardy grounded out to shortstop , Lee scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . Reimold walked . Andino lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Patterson reached on bunt single to third . Bautista walked , Patterson to second . Lind walked , Patterson to third , Bautista to second . Rivera grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Patterson out at home , Bautista to third , Lind to second . Arencibia flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Markakis singled to center . Jones lined out to second . Guerrero struck out swinging . Markakis caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Lee batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Hill reached on infield single to pitcher . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hill out at second . Davis stole second . Davis stole third . McCoy singled to left , Davis scored . McCoy caught stealing second , catcher to second . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Lee struck out looking . Wieters struck out swinging . Hardy singled to right center . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hardy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Patterson grounded out to first . Bautista flied out to right . Lind grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Reimold grounded out to shortstop . Andino flied out to center . Markakis singled to center . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Rivera grounded out to third . Arencibia struck out looking . Hill popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Guerrero singled to right . Lee singled to right , Guerrero to second . Wieters singled to left , Guerrero to third , Lee to second . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guerrero out at home , Lee to third , Wieters to second . Reynolds homered to left center ( 408 feet ) , Lee , Wieters and Hardy scored . Reimold grounded out to first . Andino singled to center . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Andino out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Davis grounded out to shortstop . McCoy grounded out to shortstop . Escobar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Jones grounded out to second . Guerrero flied out to center . Lee grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Uehara pitching for Orioles . Patterson reached on bunt single to third . Bautista struck out swinging . Lind struck out looking . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Wieters popped out to second . Hardy walked . Reynolds struck out swinging . Reimold walked , Hardy to second . Dotel pitching for Blue Jays . Pie ran for Reimold . Andino struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Pie in left field . Gregg pitching for Orioles . Arencibia struck out looking . Hill singled to center . Davis singled to left , Hill to second . Encarnacion hit for McCoy . Encarnacion struck out looking . Escobar popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 3 - Orioles 5 .	Reynolds ' first career grand slam picks up O 's