Red Sox - Top 1st . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . McCoy grounded out to third . Patterson fouled out to third . Bautista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Youkilis walked . Ortiz lined out to shortstop . Lowrie lined out to left . Crawford safe at first on error by second baseman Hill , Youkilis to second . Cameron struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Lind struck out looking . Rivera lined out to center . Arencibia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Saltalamacchia singled to right center . Ellsbury hit ground rule double to left , Saltalamacchia to third . Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop , Saltalamacchia scored , Ellsbury to third . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ellsbury scored , Pedroia out at second . Youkilis lined out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Hill flied out to center . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Nix safe at first on error by shortstop Lowrie . Nix stole second . McCoy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 4th . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz flied out to center . Lowrie flied out to left . Crawford tripled to deep right center . Cameron grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Patterson singled to left . Bautista singled to left center , Patterson to third , Bautista to second advancing on throw . Lind struck out swinging . Rivera hit sacrifice fly to center , Patterson scored , Bautista to third . Arencibia struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . Ellsbury singled to right . Pedroia walked , Ellsbury to second . Gonzalez singled to center , Ellsbury scored , Pedroia to third . Youkilis singled to left , Pedroia scored , Gonzalez to second . Ortiz grounded out to second , Gonzalez to third , Youkilis to second . Lowrie popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Hill flied out to center . Davis grounded out to third . Nix grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford grounded out to second . Cameron grounded out to second . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . McCoy grounded out to first . Patterson walked . Bautista flied out to center . Lind singled to left , Patterson to second . Rivera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury grounded out to second . Pedroia singled to center . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez hit by pitch , Pedroia to second . Youkilis struck out looking . Ortiz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Arencibia struck out swinging . Hill walked . Hill to second on wild pitch by Buchholz . Davis safe at first on error by shortstop Lowrie , Hill to third . Encarnacion hit for Nix . Encarnacion struck out swinging . McCoy fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 8th . Encarnacion at third base . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Lowrie grounded out to third . Crawford grounded out to first . Cameron grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Patterson singled to right . Bautista struck out looking . Lind struck out swinging . Rivera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first . Ellsbury reached on infield single to third . Pedroia reached on infield single to pitcher , Ellsbury to second . Gonzalez hit ground rule double to left , Ellsbury scored , Pedroia to third . Francisco pitching for Blue Jays . Youkilis struck out swinging . Ortiz intentionally walked . Lowrie struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Arencibia flied out to left . Hill struck out swinging . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 5 - Blue Jays 1 .	Buchholz helps Red Sox push winning streak to 7