Phillies - Top 1st . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Rollins walked . Rollins stole second . Polanco walked . Utley struck out swinging . Howard singled to right , Rollins scored , Polanco to second . Victorino flied out to center . Polanco to third , Howard to second on passed ball by Arencibia . Ibanez lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Hill flied out to right . Thames singled to right center . Bautista struck out looking . Lind walked , Thames to second . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Brown struck out swinging . Gload grounded out to second . Ruiz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Arencibia grounded out to shortstop . Patterson grounded out to second . Davis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Rollins popped out to second . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Utley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Halladay pitching for Phillies . McDonald grounded out to second . Hill flied out to center . Thames grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Howard grounded out to second . Victorino grounded out to second . Ibanez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Bautista homered to center ( 449 feet ) . Lind singled to left . Encarnacion grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lind out at second . Arencibia flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Brown lined out to right . Gload singled to center . Ruiz singled to center , Gload to third . Rollins hit ground rule double to deep center , Gload scored , Ruiz to third . Polanco popped out to shortstop . Utley intentionally walked . Howard struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Patterson reached on infield single to second , Patterson to third on throwing error by second baseman Utley . Davis struck out swinging . McDonald singled to left , Patterson scored . Hill grounded out to third , McDonald to second . Thames singled to center , McDonald scored . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thames out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 6th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Victorino walked . Ibanez flied out to left . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Victorino out at second . Gload flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Lind grounded out to first . Encarnacion flied out to left . Arencibia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Ruiz doubled to deep center . Rollins flied out to center , Ruiz to third . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Utley homered to right center ( 389 feet ) , Ruiz scored . Howard grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Patterson struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . McDonald singled to right . Hill struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Victorino singled to left . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Victorino out at second . Brown singled to left , Ibanez to second . Gload struck out swinging . Dotel pitching for Blue Jays . Ruiz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Thames grounded out to third . Bautista grounded out to third . Lind grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Rauch pitching for Blue Jays . Rollins singled to right center . Polanco lined out to shortstop . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rollins out at second . Howard walked , Utley to second . Victorino singled to left , Utley scored , Howard to second . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Ibanez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Encarnacion singled to center . Arencibia struck out swinging . Patterson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Encarnacion out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 5 - Blue Jays 3 .	Halladay fires CG , wins in return to Toronto