Blue Jays - Top 1st . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Escobar singled to left . Thames grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at second . Bautista flied out to center . Lind grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Mills pitching for Blue Jays . Andino grounded out to shortstop . Markakis reached on infield single to third . Jones homered to left ( 408 feet ) , Markakis scored . Guerrero flied out to center . Reynolds struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Encarnacion singled to left . Rasmus flied out to left . Hill singled to center , Encarnacion to second . Arencibia flied out to center . Lawrie singled to center , Encarnacion scored , Hill to third . Escobar doubled to center , Hill scored , Lawrie to third . Thames grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Mills pitching for Blue Jays . Wieters struck out swinging . Reimold safe at first on error by third baseman Lawrie . Bell struck out swinging . Izturis bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Bautista singled to left . Lind popped out to third . Encarnacion hit by pitch , Bautista to second . Rasmus singled to right , Bautista scored , Encarnacion to third . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Encarnacion scored , Rasmus out at second . Hill stole second . Arencibia struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Mills pitching for Blue Jays . Andino walked . Markakis walked , Andino to second . Jones flied out to left . Guerrero lined into double play , shortstop to second , Andino doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Lawrie grounded out to third . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Thames singled to right . Bautista lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Mills pitching for Blue Jays . Reynolds singled to right . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reynolds out at second . Reimold flied out to right . Bell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Lind flied out to left . Encarnacion flied out to center . Rasmus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Mills pitching for Blue Jays . Izturis struck out looking . Andino flied out to right . Markakis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Hill flied out to center . Arencibia grounded out to third . Lawrie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Mills pitching for Blue Jays . Jones struck out looking . Guerrero walked . Reynolds walked , Guerrero to second . Guerrero to third , Reynolds to second on passed ball by Arencibia . Wieters reached on infield single to shortstop , Guerrero scored . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Reimold grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wieters out at second , Reynolds to third . Bell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reimold out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Escobar lined out to center . Thames popped out to third . Bautista popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Izturis singled to right . Andino safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Perez , Izturis to second . Markakis struck out looking . Litsch pitching for Blue Jays . Jones struck out swinging . Guerrero flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Lind reached on infield single to second . Encarnacion walked , Lind to second . Rasmus reached on bunt single to pitcher , Lind to third , Encarnacion to second . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Hill hit sacrifice fly to center , Lind scored , Encarnacion to third , Rasmus to second . Arencibia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Encarnacion out at home . Lawrie singled to left , Rasmus thrown out at home , Arencibia to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Davis in center field . Francisco pitching for Blue Jays . Reynolds struck out swinging . Wieters flied out to left . Reimold struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Escobar grounded out to second . Thames grounded out to first . Bautista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Rauch pitching for Blue Jays . Bell grounded out to shortstop . Pie hit for Izturis . Pie flied out to left . Andino singled to left . Markakis doubled to deep right , Andino scored . Jones popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 5 - Orioles 4 .	Lawrie stars in debut , leading Blue Jays past O 's