Red Sox - Top 1st . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury singled to left . Pedroia singled to left , Ellsbury to second . Gonzalez hit by pitch , Ellsbury to third , Pedroia to second . Ortiz struck out swinging . Youkilis hit by pitch , Ellsbury scored , Pedroia to third , Gonzalez to second . Crawford struck out swinging . Scutaro singled to center , Pedroia and Gonzalez scored , Youkilis to second , Youkilis thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Escobar walked . Thames grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Escobar out at second . Thames to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . Bautista walked . Thames to third , Bautista to second on passed ball by Saltalamacchia . Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to right , Thames scored . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Reddick struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia lined out to center . Ellsbury lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie singled to left . Loewen flied out to left . Arencibia homered to center ( 424 feet ) , Lawrie scored . McCoy bunt grounded out to first . Escobar flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Pedroia popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez fouled out to catcher . Ortiz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Thames hit by pitch . Thames to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . Bautista hit ground rule double to left , Thames scored . Encarnacion popped out to first . Johnson struck out swinging . Lawrie walked , Bautista stole third . Lawrie batting . Bautista stole home , Lawrie stole second . Lawrie safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Scutaro . Loewen struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 4th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Youkilis lined out to right . Crawford doubled to deep right . Scutaro walked . Reddick doubled to center , Crawford scored , Scutaro to third . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Ellsbury homered to right center ( 423 feet ) , Scutaro and Reddick scored . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Arencibia flied out to left . McCoy flied out to right . Escobar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Ortiz homered to right ( 443 feet ) . Youkilis singled to right . Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford walked , Youkilis to second . Scutaro flied out to center . Reddick struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Thames flied out to center . Bautista hit by pitch . Encarnacion fouled out to first . Bautista caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Johnson batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . Ellsbury singled to left center . Pedroia struck out swinging . Ellsbury caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Johnson struck out swinging . Lawrie singled to center . Loewen hit by pitch , Lawrie to second . Wheeler pitching for Red Sox . Arencibia struck out swinging . Wise hit for McCoy . Wise flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Wise in center field . Litsch pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez doubled to deep right . Ortiz intentionally walked . Youkilis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at third , Ortiz to second . Crawford flied out to left . Scutaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Wheeler pitching for Red Sox . Escobar doubled to left center . Thames grounded out to first , Escobar to third . Bautista flied out to center . Encarnacion singled to left , Escobar scored . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Johnson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Reddick grounded out to shortstop . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . Ellsbury doubled to center . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie hit by pitch . Loewen singled to right , Lawrie to third . Arencibia walked , Loewen to second . Wise struck out swinging . Escobar struck out looking . Thames walked , Lawrie scored , Loewen to third , Arencibia to second . Woodward ran for Arencibia . Bautista walked , Loewen scored , Woodward to third , Thames to second . Albers pitching for Red Sox . Encarnacion doubled to deep right center , Woodward , Thames and Bautista scored . Johnson struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Molina catching . Francisco pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez homered to right ( 413 feet ) . Ortiz singled to right . Youkilis grounded out to third , Ortiz to second . Crawford struck out swinging . Scutaro singled to center , Ortiz scored . Aviles ran for Scutaro . Aviles caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Reddick batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 10 - Blue Jays 11 .	Jays stun Red Sox