Blue Jays - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . McCoy grounded out to shortstop . Thames hit by pitch . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury grounded out to third . Pedroia doubled to deep center . Gonzalez walked . Lowrie hit for Ortiz . Lowrie struck out swinging . Youkilis hit by pitch , Pedroia to third , Gonzalez to second . Reddick safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Cooper , Pedroia and Gonzalez scored , Youkilis to third . Crawford grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Cooper doubled to left . Lawrie reached on infield single to shortstop . Arencibia homered to left ( 400 feet ) , Cooper and Lawrie scored . Loewen grounded out to second . Woodward struck out swinging . McCoy lined out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Scutaro singled to right . Scutaro to second on wild pitch by Morrow . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first , Scutaro to third . Ellsbury doubled to left , Scutaro scored . Ellsbury to third on balk by Morrow . Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to left , Ellsbury scored . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Thames singled to right . Thames to second on passed ball by Saltalamacchia . Bautista homered to left ( 413 feet ) , Thames scored . Encarnacion walked . Cooper flied out to center . Lawrie safe at first on error by third baseman Youkilis , Encarnacion to second . Arencibia struck out swinging . Loewen struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Lowrie struck out swinging . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . Reddick singled to right . Crawford flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Woodward flied out to center . McCoy fouled out to first . Thames flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Scutaro flied out to right . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . Ellsbury homered to left ( 380 feet ) . Pedroia homered to left ( 367 feet ) . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Bautista walked . Encarnacion singled to left , Bautista to second . Cooper struck out swinging . Lawrie flied out to center . Bautista to third , Encarnacion to second on passed ball by Saltalamacchia . Arencibia flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Lowrie popped out to shortstop . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . Reddick flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Loewen struck out swinging . Woodward flied out to center . McCoy popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford doubled to deep center . Scutaro sacrificed to third , Crawford to third . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Saltalamacchia singled to left , Crawford scored . Ellsbury singled to right , Saltalamacchia to second . Pedroia homered to left ( 363 feet ) , Saltalamacchia and Ellsbury scored . Gonzalez singled to center . Carreno pitching for Blue Jays . Lowrie grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Thames lined out to left . Bautista flied out to right . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Carreno pitching for Blue Jays . Youkilis struck out swinging . Reddick grounded out to second . Crawford singled to left . Scutaro doubled to left , Crawford scored . Saltalamacchia grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Aviles at third base . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Cooper singled to left . Lawrie struck out swinging . Arencibia reached on infield single to shortstop , Cooper to second . Loewen flied out to center . Teahen hit for Woodward . Teahen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Johnson at second base . Mills pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury walked . Pedroia doubled to left , Ellsbury to third . Gonzalez singled to center , Ellsbury scored , Pedroia to third . Anderson ran for Gonzalez . Farquhar pitching for Blue Jays . Jackson hit for Lowrie . Jackson hit sacrifice fly to left , Pedroia scored . Aviles singled to center , Anderson to second . Reddick popped out to second . Crawford walked , Anderson to third , Aviles to second . Scutaro walked , Anderson scored , Aviles to third , Crawford to second . Iglesias ran for Scutaro . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep center , Aviles , Crawford and Iglesias scored . Saltalamacchia to third on passed ball by Arencibia . Ellsbury singled to shallow left , Saltalamacchia scored . Gathright ran for Ellsbury . Beck pitching for Blue Jays . Pedroia flied out to center . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Gathright in left field . Anderson at first base . McDonald in center field . Iglesias at shortstop . Lavarnway catching . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . McCoy lined out to left . Thames doubled to left center . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion walked . Cooper doubled to deep center , Thames scored , Encarnacion to third . Lawrie struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - Red Sox 18 .	Wakefield earns 200th win in rout