Angels - Top 1st . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Bourjos struck out swinging . Callaspo singled to center . Kendrick struck out swinging . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Angels . McCoy singled to center . Thames singled to right center , McCoy to second . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Thames out at second , McCoy to third . Encarnacion singled to left , McCoy scored , Bautista to second . Johnson flied out to left . Lawrie flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Wells homered to left ( 352 feet ) . Trout flied out to right . Aybar walked . Aybar caught stealing second , catcher to second . Wilson batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Rasmus doubled to deep right . Arencibia walked . Loewen grounded out to second , Rasmus to third , Arencibia to second . McCoy grounded out to second , Rasmus scored , Arencibia to third . Thames struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Wilson grounded out to third . Bourjos bunt grounded out to catcher . Callaspo doubled to deep left . Kendrick hit ground rule double to right , Callaspo scored . Hunter walked , Kendrick stole third . Hunter batting . Trumbo singled to left , Kendrick scored , Hunter to third . Wells hit ground rule double to deep right center , Hunter scored , Trumbo to third . Trout grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Bautista flied out to center . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Johnson walked . Lawrie singled to left , Johnson to second . Rasmus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar doubled to deep right . Wilson sacrificed to pitcher , Aybar to third . Aybar stole home . Bourjos singled to left . Bourjos to second on wild pitch by Drabek . Bourjos safe at third on error by shortstop McCoy . Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to center , Bourjos scored . Kendrick singled to left . Hunter singled to right , Kendrick to second . Trumbo homered to left ( 403 feet ) , Kendrick and Hunter scored . Wells flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Arencibia grounded out to third . Loewen flied out to center . McCoy hit ground rule double to deep center . Thames struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Trout flied out to right . Aybar grounded out to second . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Bautista popped out to shortstop . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Johnson singled to right . Lawrie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Bourjos doubled to left . Callaspo hit ground rule double to left , Bourjos scored . Kendrick walked . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Hunter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kendrick out at second , Callaspo to third . Trumbo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Rasmus flied out to center . Arencibia flied out to left . Loewen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Carreno pitching for Blue Jays . Wells flied out to left . Trout struck out swinging . Aybar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . McCoy singled to right center . Thames singled to center , McCoy to third . Thompson pitching for Angels . Bautista walked , Thames to second . Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to left , McCoy scored . Johnson singled to right , Thames scored , Bautista to third . Lawrie grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bautista scored , Johnson out at second . Rasmus struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Carreno pitching for Blue Jays . Wilson struck out swinging . Bourjos singled to center . Callaspo grounded out to second , Bourjos to second . Kendrick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Arencibia grounded out to third . Loewen fouled out to third . McCoy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Farquhar pitching for Blue Jays . Hunter singled to right center . Trumbo grounded into double play , second to first , Hunter out at second . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Richards pitching for Angels . Thames reached on infield single to third . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Johnson safe at first on error by first baseman Trumbo , Thames scored . Johnson to second on fielder 's indifference . Lawrie walked . Downs pitching for Angels . Rasmus struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Angels 10 - Blue Jays 6 .	Trumbo , Angels top Jays to aid playoff cause