Orioles - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Roberts struck out swinging. Mora flied out to right. Markakis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera struck out swinging. Thome walked. Konerko grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Millar grounded out to second. Huff struck out looking. Scott reached on infield single to second. Jones walked, Scott to second. Hernandez doubled to deep right, Scott and Jones scored. Torres struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Pierzynski singled to center. Quentin walked, Pierzynski to second. Crede struck out looking. Anderson doubled to deep left, Pierzynski scored, Quentin to third. Ozuna grounded out to second, Quentin scored, Anderson to third. Swisher walked. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Swisher out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Roberts grounded out to third. Mora lined out to first. Markakis walked. Millar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Thome grounded out to pitcher. Konerko walked. Pierzynski lined out to shortstop. Quentin doubled to deep center, Konerko to third, Konerko scored on error by shortstop Torres. Crede walked. Anderson flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Huff safe at first on error by first baseman Konerko. Scott hit by pitch, Huff to second. Jones struck out swinging. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Scott out at second, Huff to third. Torres popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Ozuna singled to left. Swisher homered to right, Ozuna scored. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Cabrera fouled out to third. Thome struck out looking. Konerko grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Mora safe at first on error by third baseman Crede. Markakis struck out swinging. Mora caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Pierzynski flied out to center. Quentin singled to right center. Crede flied out to left. Quentin stole second. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Millar homered to left. Huff flied out to right. Scott grounded out to second. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Ozuna grounded out to second. Swisher singled to right. Cabrera safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Torres, Swisher to second. Sarfate pitching for Orioles. Thome hit by pitch, Swisher to third, Cabrera to second. Konerko grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Thome out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 7th. Logan pitching for White Sox. Uribe at second base. Hernandez struck out swinging. Torres singled to right. Roberts tripled to deep center, Torres scored. Mora doubled to deep left, Roberts scored. Markakis flied out to center. Linebrink pitching for White Sox. Millar flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Hernandez at shortstop. Sarfate pitching for Orioles. Pierzynski walked. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Quentin hit by pitch, Pierzynski to second. Crede grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Quentin out at second, Pierzynski to third. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Linebrink pitching for White Sox. Huff grounded out to second. Scott singled to center. Jones flied out to left. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Scott out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Uribe struck out swinging. Swisher lined out to second. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Hernandez singled to center. Roberts bunt popped out foul to catcher. Hernandez stole second. Mora reached on infield single to shortstop, Hernandez to third. Mora to second on wild pitch by Jenks. Markakis intentionally walked. Millar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hernandez out at home, Mora to third, Markakis to second. Huff grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Walker pitching for Orioles. Thome struck out swinging. Bierd pitching for Orioles. Konerko walked. Ramirez ran for Konerko. Pierzynski singled to right center, Ramirez to second. Quentin flied out to center. Crede walked, Ramirez to third, Pierzynski to second. Anderson singled to shallow left, Ramirez scored, Pierzynski to third, Crede to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 5 - White Sox 6.	Anderson's walk-off single spurs ChiSox past O's