White Sox - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Mariners. Cabrera singled to right. Quentin singled to center, Cabrera to third. Thome singled to left center, Cabrera scored, Quentin to second. Konerko struck out looking. Pierzynski doubled to deep left, Quentin scored, Thome to third. Crede fouled out to first. Swisher struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Suzuki doubled to deep right, Suzuki to third on error by right fielder Swisher. Cairo grounded out to third, Suzuki scored. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Mariners. Anderson struck out swinging. Uribe hit by pitch. Cabrera singled to center, Uribe to third. Quentin grounded into double play, catcher to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Lopez doubled to deep left. Clement walked. Johjima singled to left, Lopez to third, Clement to second. Balentien grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Lopez out at home, Clement to third, Johjima to second. Betancourt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Mariners. Thome flied out to right. Konerko struck out swinging. Pierzynski walked. Crede singled to center, Pierzynski to third. Swisher walked, Crede to second. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Swisher out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Suzuki singled to left. Suzuki stole second. Cairo hit by pitch. Beltre grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cairo out at second, Suzuki to third. Ibanez homered to right, Suzuki scored. Lopez singled to left. Clement flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Uribe flied out to center. Cabrera struck out looking. Quentin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Johjima singled to left. Balentien doubled to left, Johjima to third. Betancourt doubled to right, Johjima and Balentien scored. Suzuki sacrificed to pitcher, Betancourt to third. Cairo flied out to right. Beltre walked. Masset pitching for White Sox. Ibanez walked, Beltre to second. Lopez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Thome walked. Konerko singled to center, Thome to second. Pierzynski flied out to center. Crede popped out to shortstop. Swisher flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Masset pitching for White Sox. Clement popped out to shortstop. Johjima struck out swinging. Balentien flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Anderson grounded out to third. Uribe doubled to deep right. Cabrera singled to left, Uribe to third. Quentin singled to left, Uribe scored, Cabrera to second. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Cabrera to third, Quentin to second on wild pitch by Rhodes. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko intentionally walked. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to third, Quentin out at third, Konerko to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Masset pitching for White Sox. Betancourt grounded out to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. Cairo walked. Beltre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Green pitching for Mariners. Crede fouled out to first. Swisher grounded out to first. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Logan pitching for White Sox. Ibanez lined out to center. Lopez singled to left. Clement grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Uribe flied out to left. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Quentin struck out looking. Thome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Wassermann pitching for White Sox. Johjima flied out to left. Balentien grounded out to third. Betancourt singled to center. Suzuki reached on infield single to third, Betancourt to second. Cairo hit ground rule double to right, Betancourt scored, Suzuki to third. Beltre flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Konerko grounded out to third. Pierzynski popped out to second. Crede walked. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 3 - Mariners 6.	Mariners use 13 hits to drop White Sox, end slump