White Sox - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski flied out to left. Dye grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Danks pitching for White Sox. Sizemore singled to left. Gutierrez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sizemore out at second. Francisco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Thome flied out to center. Konerko reached on infield single to third, Konerko to second on throwing error by third baseman Marte. Swisher flied out to center. Ramirez singled to left, Konerko to third. Crede grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Peralta walked. Martinez homered to left, Peralta scored. Garko struck out swinging. Shoppach reached on infield single to third. Marte walked, Shoppach to second. Cabrera singled to shallow center, Shoppach to third, Marte to second. Sizemore lined out to first. Gutierrez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Owens grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to third. Pierzynski hit by pitch. Dye struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Francisco doubled to deep left. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Martinez grounded out to third. Garko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Thome grounded out to shortstop. Konerko flied out to left. Swisher grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Shoppach struck out swinging. Marte singled to center. Cabrera singled to center, Marte to second. Sizemore fouled out to third. Gutierrez doubled to deep right, Marte and Cabrera scored. Francisco lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Crede walked. Owens grounded out to second, Crede to second. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Peralta popped out to second. Martinez flied out to left. Garko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Dye walked. Thome singled to deep left, Dye to third. Dye scored, Thome to second on wild pitch by Carmona. Konerko singled to center, Thome to third. Swisher hit sacrifice fly to center, Thome scored. Ramirez hit by pitch, Konerko to second. Uribe hit for Crede. Uribe doubled to deep left center, Konerko scored, Ramirez to third. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Owens struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Uribe at third base. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Shoppach singled to deep right. Marte flied out to right. Cabrera struck out swinging. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Cabrera walked. Pierzynski popped out to third. Dye struck out swinging. Perez pitching for Indians. Thome grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Gutierrez walked. Francisco hit by pitch, Gutierrez to second. Peralta singled to center, Gutierrez scored, Francisco to second. Dotel pitching for White Sox. Martinez popped out to shortstop. Garko grounded into fielder's choice to first, Peralta out at second, Francisco to third. Shoppach walked, Garko to second. Choo hit for Marte. Logan pitching for White Sox. Choo walked, Francisco scored, Garko to third, Shoppach to second. Cabrera singled to left, Garko and Shoppach scored, Choo to second. Sizemore singled to center, Choo scored, Cabrera to second. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Gutierrez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at third, Sizemore to second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Carroll at third base. Perez pitching for Indians. Konerko grounded out to third. Swisher doubled to deep left center. Swisher to third on wild pitch by Perez. Ramirez struck out swinging. Uribe grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Francisco flied out to left. Peralta doubled to deep left. Peralta to third on wild pitch by MacDougal. Martinez struck out swinging. Garko walked. Shoppach grounded into fielder's choice to third, Garko out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Donnelly pitching for Indians. Owens grounded out to second. Cabrera singled to center. Pierzynski flied out to center. Dye walked, Cabrera to second. Thome flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 3 - Indians 9.	Indians zip by White Sox