Blue Jays - Top 1st. Richard pitching for White Sox. Scutaro homered to left. Bautista flied out to right. Rios doubled to deep left center. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rios out at second. Barajas grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wells out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera walked. Wise singled to center, Cabrera to second. Dye grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wise out at second, Cabrera to third. Thome walked, Dye to second. Konerko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Thome out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Richard pitching for White Sox. Lind flied out to center. Mench grounded out to third. Rolen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. Ramirez struck out looking. Uribe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Richard pitching for White Sox. McDonald flied out to left. Scutaro flied out to left. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Hall grounded out to third. Cabrera singled to left center. Wise doubled to deep center, Cabrera to third. Dye doubled to deep left, Cabrera and Wise scored. Thome grounded out to pitcher. Konerko grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Richard pitching for White Sox. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Wells safe at second on error by second baseman Ramirez. Barajas grounded out to second, Wells to third. Lind grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Griffey Jr singled to left. Ramirez fouled out to third. Uribe singled to left, Griffey Jr to second. Hall flied out to right. Cabrera lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Richard pitching for White Sox. Mench walked. Rolen homered to left, Mench scored. McDonald singled to shallow right. Scutaro reached on bunt single to pitcher, McDonald to second. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Bautista sacrificed to third, McDonald to third, Scutaro to second. Rios singled to right, McDonald scored, Scutaro to third, Rios thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Swisher at first base. Wells doubled to deep left, Scutaro scored. Barajas struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Wise struck out swinging. Dye struck out swinging. Thome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Lind singled to left center. Lind stole second. Mench flied out to right. Rolen intentionally walked. McDonald grounded into double play, third to first, Lind out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Swisher struck out swinging. Griffey Jr popped out to third. Ramirez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Russell pitching for White Sox. Scutaro walked. Bautista sacrificed to pitcher, Scutaro to second. Rios singled to left, Scutaro scored. Wells popped out to second. Barajas popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Overbay at first base. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Uribe struck out swinging. Hall popped out to shortstop. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Russell pitching for White Sox. Lind singled to center. Mench singled to left, Lind to second. Rolen reached on infield single to shortstop, Lind to third, Mench to second. McDonald singled to left, Lind scored, Mench to third, Rolen to second. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mench out at home, Rolen to third, McDonald to second. Logan pitching for White Sox. Overbay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Scutaro out at second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Wise grounded out to second. Dye doubled to deep left center. Owens ran for Dye. Thome walked. Swisher flied out to center, Owens to third. Griffey Jr flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Wise in right field. Owens in left field. Broadway pitching for White Sox. Rios fouled out to first. Wells homered to left. Barajas struck out swinging. Lind grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Bourgeois hit for Ramirez. Bourgeois grounded out to second. Uribe singled to left center. Hall singled to right, Uribe to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hall out at second, Uribe to third. Wise grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 8 - White Sox 2.	Jays take doubleheader vs. ChiSox