Athletics - Top 1st . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Crisp flied out to left . Lowrie singled to center . Donaldson homered to left ( 402 feet ) , Lowrie scored . Cespedes struck out swinging . Norris struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Altuve grounded out to third . Fowler singled to left . Castro singled to center , Fowler to third . Springer hit by pitch , Castro to second . Guzman struck out looking . Carter walked , Fowler scored , Castro to third , Springer to second . Dominguez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Callaspo flied out to center . Gentry doubled to left . Moss hit by pitch . Punto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moss out at second , Gentry to third . Crisp singled to center , Gentry scored , Punto to third , Crisp to second on throwing error by right fielder Springer . Lowrie lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Hoes struck out swinging . Villar grounded out to third . Altuve singled to shallow left . Fowler walked , Altuve to second . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Donaldson doubled to left . Cespedes flied out to right . Donaldson to third on balk by Oberholtzer . Norris singled to center , Donaldson scored . Callaspo homered to left ( 362 feet ) , Norris scored . Gentry safe at first on error by third baseman Dominguez , Gentry to second on throwing error by third baseman Dominguez . Gentry stole third . Moss grounded out to first . Punto struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Springer flied out to right . Guzman struck out swinging . Carter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . Lowrie doubled to deep center . Donaldson walked . Cespedes struck out swinging . Norris walked , Lowrie to third , Donaldson to second . Clemens pitching for Astros . Callaspo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Dominguez reached on infield single to shortstop . Hoes grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dominguez out at second . Villar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros . Gentry singled to deep left , Gentry to second on error by left fielder Hoes . Moss singled to right center , Gentry scored . Punto flied out to center . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Moss out at second . Lowrie doubled to deep right center , Crisp scored . Donaldson walked . Cespedes flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 5th . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Altuve doubled to deep left center . Fowler lined out to right . Castro struck out swinging . Springer lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros . Norris reached on infield single to shortstop . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Norris out at second . Gentry reached first base on catcher 's interference , Callaspo to second . Moss grounded out to first , Callaspo to third , Gentry to second . Punto struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 6th . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Guzman flied out to center . Carter grounded out to second . Dominguez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Presley in center field . Corporan catching . Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros . Crisp flied out to left . Lowrie hit by pitch . Bass pitching for Astros . Donaldson homered to center ( 448 feet ) , Lowrie scored . Cespedes reached on infield single to shortstop . Reddick ran for Cespedes . Norris walked , Reddick to second . Callaspo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Norris out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Barton at first base . Reddick in right field . Gentry in center field . Moss in left field . Otero pitching for Athletics . Hoes struck out looking . Villar doubled to deep left . Altuve grounded out to third . Presley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Williams pitching for Astros . Gentry grounded out to third . Moss struck out looking . Punto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Pomeranz pitching for Athletics . Corporan grounded out to third . Springer walked . Guzman struck out looking . Carter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Williams pitching for Astros . Barton grounded out to second . Sogard hit for Lowrie . Sogard grounded out to second . Donaldson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Sogard at second base . Punto at shortstop . Pomeranz pitching for Athletics . Dominguez singled to center . Hoes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dominguez out at second . Villar singled to left . Altuve singled to left center , Villar to second . Presley reached on infield single to first , Villar to third , Altuve to second . Corporan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 10 - Astros 1 .	Clemens - Lowrie spat overshadows A 's win