Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Owings grounded out to second . Hill grounded out to pitcher . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler flied out to center . Springer singled to right . Singleton walked , Springer to second . Castro singled to center , Springer scored , Singleton thrown out at third . Dominguez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Montero grounded out to shortstop . Prado walked . Ross reached on infield single to shortstop , Prado to second . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ross out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks . Carter flied out to right . Presley singled to right . Gonzalez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Presley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Evans struck out swinging . Inciarte grounded out to second . Owings grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks . Villar singled to center . Fowler struck out looking . Springer singled to left , Villar to second . Villar to third , Springer to second on wild pitch by McCarthy . Singleton grounded out to first , Villar scored , Springer to third . Castro grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Hill homered to left ( 366 feet ) . Goldschmidt singled to right . Montero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Goldschmidt out at second . Prado grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks . Dominguez grounded out to third . Carter homered to left ( 348 feet ) . Presley flied out to center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Ross grounded out to second . Peralta grounded out to pitcher . Evans struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks . Villar grounded out to second . Fowler struck out swinging . Springer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Inciarte grounded out to third . Owings reached on infield single to pitcher . Hill lined out to right . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks . Singleton fouled out to first . Castro grounded out to second . Dominguez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Montero lined out to shortstop . Prado fouled out to catcher . Ross grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks . Carter homered to right ( 355 feet ) . Presley singled to center . Presley stole second . Gonzalez walked . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Villar reached on bunt single to third , Presley to third , Gonzalez to second . Fowler struck out swinging . Springer hit sacrifice fly to center , Presley scored . Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks . Singleton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Villar out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Peralta struck out swinging . Evans grounded out to third . Inciarte singled to left . Owings popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro walked . Dominguez popped out to third . Carter flied out to right . Presley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt grounded out to pitcher . Montero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Astros 5 .	Keuchel , Carter lead Astros over Diamondbacks 5 - 1