Tigers - Top 1st . Feldman pitching for Astros . Jackson struck out swinging . Hunter fouled out to first . Cabrera lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Altuve singled to left . Altuve stole second . Springer doubled to deep left , Altuve scored . Singleton struck out swinging . Springer stole third . Guzman singled to left , Springer scored . Dominguez singled to left , Guzman to second . Guzman to third on wild pitch by Smyly . Hoes hit sacrifice fly to right , Guzman scored . Villar struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Feldman pitching for Astros . Martinez struck out swinging . Martinez singled to right . Castellanos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at second . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Corporan singled to left . Presley grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Corporan out at second . Altuve singled to left center . Altuve stole second . Springer walked . Singleton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Feldman pitching for Astros . Suarez flied out to center . Romine singled to left . Jackson struck out swinging , Romine stole second . Hunter doubled to deep left , Romine scored . Hunter stole third . Cabrera grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Guzman fouled out to first . Dominguez doubled to deep left . Hoes doubled to deep center , Dominguez scored . Villar walked . Smith pitching for Tigers . Corporan singled to shallow left , Hoes to third , Villar to second . Presley grounded into double play , shortstop to catcher to third to catcher to third , Hoes out at home , Villar out at home , Villar out at third , Corporan to second , Presley to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Feldman pitching for Astros . Martinez singled to shallow left . Martinez flied out to right . Castellanos grounded into double play , second to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Smith pitching for Tigers . Altuve flied out to center . Springer grounded out to pitcher . Singleton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Feldman pitching for Astros . Avila homered to right center ( 436 feet ) . Suarez singled to center . Romine walked , Suarez to second . Jackson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Romine out at second , Suarez to third . Hunter lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Smith pitching for Tigers . Guzman popped out to second . Dominguez lined out to right . Hoes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Feldman pitching for Astros . Cabrera flied out to right . Martinez flied out to center . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . McCoy pitching for Tigers . Villar popped out to third . Corporan flied out to center . Presley reached on infield single to second . Altuve doubled to shallow left , Presley to third . Springer intentionally walked . Singleton walked , Presley scored , Altuve to third , Springer to second . Guzman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Feldman pitching for Astros . Castellanos singled to center . Downs pitching for Astros . Avila walked , Castellanos to second . Suarez flied out to right . Romine struck out swinging . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . McCoy pitching for Tigers . Dominguez singled to right center . Hoes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Dominguez out at second . Villar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hoes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Veras pitching for Astros . Hunter bunt grounded out to third . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Martinez walked . Martinez singled to left , Martinez to second . Castellanos tripled to deep left , Martinez and Martinez scored . Sipp pitching for Astros . Kinsler hit for Avila . Kinsler struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Holaday catching . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Corporan doubled to deep left center . Gonzalez ran for Corporan . Presley sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to third . Altuve flied out to left . Springer intentionally walked . Singleton singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Springer to second . Guzman grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Castro catching . Gonzalez at shortstop . Sipp pitching for Astros . Suarez flied out to center . Davis hit for Romine . Davis flied out to left . Jackson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 4 - Astros 6 .	Astros ' Altuve stays hot with 3 hits , 2 steals