Astros - Top 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Altuve singled to left . Hernandez singled to left center , Altuve to third . Carter hit sacrifice fly to center , Altuve scored . Dominguez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hernandez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Cosart pitching for Astros . Eaton singled to left . Ramirez struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . Eaton stole second . Dunn walked . Viciedo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Singleton struck out swinging . Corporan struck out swinging . Grossman singled to center . Hoes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Cosart pitching for Astros . Gillaspie grounded out to second . De Aza walked . De Aza to second on wild pitch by Cosart . Beckham singled to left , De Aza to third . Nieto grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Beckham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Gonzalez singled to center . Altuve homered to left ( 367 feet ) , Gonzalez scored . Hernandez flied out to center . Carter doubled to left . Dominguez singled to center , Carter scored . Singleton struck out swinging . Corporan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dominguez out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Cosart pitching for Astros . Eaton reached on infield single to first . Ramirez lined out to left . Abreu singled to right center , Eaton to third . Dunn grounded out to first , Eaton scored , Abreu to second . Viciedo struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Grossman fouled out to right . Hoes flied out to center . Gonzalez doubled to left . Altuve fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Cosart pitching for Astros . Gillaspie reached on infield single to first . De Aza walked , Gillaspie to second . Beckham grounded out to second , Gillaspie to third , De Aza to second . Nieto safe at second on error by first baseman Singleton , Gillaspie and De Aza scored . Eaton walked . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eaton out at second , Nieto to third . Abreu flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Hernandez singled to center . Carter popped out to second . Dominguez homered to left center ( 437 feet ) , Hernandez scored . Singleton singled to right . Corporan singled to center , Singleton to second . Thompson pitching for White Sox . Grossman singled to center , Singleton scored , Corporan to second . Hoes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Grossman out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Cosart pitching for Astros . Dunn struck out looking . Viciedo singled to left . Gillaspie singled to center , Viciedo to third . De Aza grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Viciedo scored , Gillaspie out at second . Beckham flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Thompson pitching for White Sox . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Downs pitching for Astros . Nieto singled to center . Eaton fouled out to left . Veras pitching for Astros . Ramirez doubled to left , Nieto scored . Abreu singled to center , Ramirez scored , Abreu to second on throwing error by center fielder Hernandez . Dunn popped out to third . Viciedo safe at second on error by second baseman Altuve , Abreu scored . Sipp pitching for Astros . Gillaspie flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Webb pitching for White Sox . Carter doubled to deep left center . Dominguez doubled to left , Carter scored . Singleton grounded out to pitcher . Corporan struck out swinging . Grossman intentionally walked . Hoes doubled to right , Dominguez scored , Grossman to third . Gonzalez singled to center , Grossman and Hoes scored . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Sipp pitching for Astros . De Aza struck out swinging . Beckham lined out to shortstop . Nieto grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Surkamp pitching for White Sox . Hernandez flied out to right . Carter walked . Dominguez struck out swinging . Carter stole second . Singleton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Sipp pitching for Astros . Eaton walked . Fields pitching for Astros . Ramirez struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Guerra pitching for White Sox . Corporan grounded out to shortstop . Grossman struck out looking . Hoes grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Viciedo grounded out to shortstop . Gillaspie lined out to center . De Aza flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 11 - White Sox 7 .	Astros romp past White Sox using 17 hits