Astros - Top 1st . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Altuve lined out to right . Castro lined out to center . Carter walked . Krauss lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Peacock pitching for Astros . Crisp walked . Jaso singled to right , Crisp to second . Cespedes lined out to left . Moss struck out swinging . Donaldson reached on infield single to shortstop , Crisp to third , Jaso to second . Vogt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Singleton popped out to third . Dominguez struck out swinging . Grossman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Peacock pitching for Astros . Lowrie homered to right ( 345 feet ) . Reddick walked . Sogard singled to center , Reddick to second . Crisp walked , Reddick to third , Sogard to second . Jaso hit sacrifice fly to center , Reddick scored , Sogard to third . Cespedes homered to center ( 416 feet ) , Sogard and Crisp scored . Moss struck out swinging . Donaldson walked . Vogt flied out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Hernandez grounded out to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Altuve struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Peacock pitching for Astros . Lowrie lined out to right . Reddick flied out to left . Sogard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Castro struck out swinging . Carter struck out swinging . Krauss lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Crisp grounded out to first . Jaso doubled to right center . Cespedes homered to left ( 373 feet ) , Jaso scored . Moss flied out to center . Donaldson walked . Buchanan pitching for Astros . Vogt flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Singleton struck out looking . Dominguez singled to left . Grossman walked , Dominguez to second . Hernandez singled to center , Dominguez to third , Grossman to second . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Dominguez scored , Grossman to third , Hernandez to second . Altuve struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Buchanan pitching for Astros . Lowrie grounded out to first . Reddick doubled to deep right . Sogard grounded out to second , Reddick to third . Crisp walked . Jaso singled to right , Reddick scored , Crisp to second . Cespedes grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Castro singled to left . Carter flied out to left . Krauss fouled out to third . Singleton doubled to deep left , Castro scored . Cook pitching for Athletics . Dominguez lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Buchanan pitching for Astros . Moss singled to right . Donaldson struck out swinging . Vogt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Moss out at second . Lowrie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vogt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Gentry in left field . Cook pitching for Athletics . Grossman grounded out to first . Hernandez struck out looking . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Grossman in center field . Hernandez at shortstop . Hoes in right field . Buchanan pitching for Astros . Reddick singled to right . Sogard singled to right , Reddick to second . Crisp struck out swinging . Jaso walked , Reddick to third , Sogard to second . Gentry grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reddick scored , Jaso out at second , Sogard to third . Moss grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Johnson pitching for Athletics . Altuve reached on infield single to third . Castro singled to right , Altuve to second . Carter doubled to deep center , Altuve scored , Castro to third . Krauss singled to center , Castro scored , Carter to third . Otero pitching for Athletics . Singleton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Carter scored , Krauss safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Donaldson . Dominguez lined out to left . Grossman singled to left , Krauss scored , Singleton to third . Hernandez singled to right , Singleton scored , Grossman to third . Gregerson pitching for Athletics . Hoes struck out swinging . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Zeid pitching for Astros . Donaldson flied out to right . Vogt singled to center . Downs pitching for Astros . Lowrie sacrificed to pitcher , Vogt to second . Reddick lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Norris catching . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Castro lined out to left . Carter popped out to second . Guzman hit for Krauss . Guzman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 7 - Athletics 9 .	Cespedes has 2 HRs , 5 RBIs but hurts thumb