Nationals - Top 1st. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Span singled to right center. Lombardozzi struck out swinging. Harper singled to right, Span to third. Zimmerman grounded out to second, Span scored, Harper to second. LaRoche struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Crawford struck out swinging. Gordon bunt grounded out to third. Gonzalez singled to right. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Desmond grounded out to third. Espinosa struck out looking. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Ethier grounded out to first. Ellis struck out looking. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Zimmermann walked. Span struck out swinging. Lombardozzi safe at first on error by first baseman Gonzalez, Zimmermann to second. Harper walked, Zimmermann to third, Lombardozzi to second. Zimmerman doubled to deep right, Zimmermann and Lombardozzi scored, Harper to third. LaRoche grounded out to first, Harper scored, Zimmerman to third. Desmond struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Punto singled to center. Cruz hit for Beckett. Cruz grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Punto out at second. Crawford flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Guerra pitching for Dodgers. Espinosa grounded out to third. Suzuki flied out to left. Zimmermann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Gordon singled to center. Gordon stole second, Gordon safe at third on throwing error by catcher Suzuki. Gonzalez popped out to second. Kemp struck out swinging. Ethier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Guerra pitching for Dodgers. Span lined out to center. Lombardozzi singled to shallow center. Harper walked, Lombardozzi to second. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lombardozzi scored on throwing error by pitcher Guerra, Harper safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Guerra. LaRoche singled to right, Harper scored, Zimmerman to third. Desmond walked, LaRoche to second. Espinosa grounded into fielder's choice to first, Zimmerman out at home, LaRoche to third, Desmond to second. Suzuki lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Ellis tripled to deep right. Bernadina in right field. Schumaker grounded out to second, Ellis scored. Punto grounded out to second. Federowicz hit for Guerra. Federowicz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Zimmermann singled to left. Zimmermann to second on passed ball by Ellis. Span lined out to second. Lombardozzi flied out to center. Bernadina reached on infield single to first, Zimmermann to third. Zimmerman walked, Bernadina to second. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Crawford hit ground rule double to deep left. Gordon flied out to center. Gonzalez fouled out to third. Crawford stole third. Kemp popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Desmond grounded out to third. Espinosa struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to center. Zimmermann grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Ethier singled to right. Ellis grounded out to shortstop, Ethier to second. Schumaker struck out swinging. Punto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Uribe at third base. Span singled to center. Lombardozzi struck out swinging. Bernadina flied out to left. Zimmerman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Perez in left field. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Uribe flied out to right. Crawford singled to right. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Crawford out at second. Gonzalez singled to right, Gordon to second. Kemp singled to left, Gordon scored, Gonzalez to second. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Ethier flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Guerrier pitching for Dodgers. LaRoche struck out swinging. Desmond singled to left. Espinosa flied out to left. Suzuki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Ellis struck out swinging. Schumaker flied out to left. Van Slyke hit for Guerrier. Van Slyke grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 6 - Dodgers 2.	Harper injured running into wall