Angels - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Aybar flied out to right. Trout singled to left. Pujols doubled to center, Trout to third. Trumbo to first on passed ball by Hernandez. Trumbo struck out swinging, Trumbo safe at first on passed ball by Hernandez, Trout scored, Pujols to third, Pujols scored on throwing error by catcher Hernandez. Hamilton flied out to center. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Trumbo out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Wilson pitching for Angels. Punto fouled out to first. Ellis flied out to left. Kemp lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Callaspo reached on infield single to second. Conger struck out swinging. Wilson sacrificed to first, Callaspo to second, Wilson safe at first on error by first baseman Gonzalez. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilson out at second, Callaspo to third. Trout grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aybar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Gonzalez doubled to deep right center. Van Slyke doubled to left, Gonzalez scored. Hernandez struck out swinging. Hairston Jr. grounded out to third. Cruz flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Pujols doubled to deep right. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton lined out to pitcher. Kendrick doubled to deep center, Pujols scored. Kendrick to third on wild pitch by Greinke. Callaspo grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Greinke singled to right. Punto struck out swinging. Ellis flied out to right. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Conger singled to left center. Wilson sacrificed to catcher, Conger to second. Aybar doubled to deep right center, Conger scored. Trout tripled to deep left, Aybar scored. Pujols hit sacrifice fly to center, Trout scored. Trumbo singled to right. Hamilton flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Van Slyke flied out to center. Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Wilson. Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to right, Gonzalez scored. Hairston Jr. grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Kendrick singled to center. Callaspo walked, Kendrick to second. Guerrier pitching for Dodgers. Conger grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Callaspo out at second, Kendrick to third. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Cruz singled to center. Uribe hit for Guerrier. Uribe singled to center, Cruz to second. Punto grounded into fielder's choice to first, Uribe out at second, Cruz to third. Ellis doubled to deep left, Cruz and Punto scored. Kemp struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center, Ellis scored. Van Slyke doubled to deep left, Gonzalez scored. Kohn pitching for Angels. Hernandez flied out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Ellis catching. Guerra pitching for Dodgers. Cruz at shortstop. Uribe at third base. Aybar safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cruz. Trout struck out swinging. Pujols flied out to left, Aybar to second. Trumbo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Kohn pitching for Angels. Hairston Jr. struck out swinging. Cruz walked. Uribe doubled to deep left center, Cruz to third. De La Rosa pitching for Angels. Ellis hit sacrifice fly to right, Cruz scored, Uribe to third. Ellis flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Guerra pitching for Dodgers. Hamilton doubled to left. Kendrick singled to right, Hamilton scored, Kendrick thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Callaspo walked. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Conger grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Callaspo out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Coello pitching for Angels. Iannetta catching. Kemp struck out looking. Gonzalez singled to left. Van Slyke struck out swinging. Ethier hit for Belisario. Ethier walked, Gonzalez to second. Hairston Jr. singled to right, Gonzalez scored, Ethier to second. Cruz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Van Slyke in left field. Ethier in right field. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Iannetta flied out to right. Aybar singled to left. Trout flied into double play, right to first, Aybar doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Coello pitching for Angels. Uribe singled to center. Ellis sacrificed to catcher, Uribe to second. Ellis flied out to center, Uribe to third. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. League pitching for Dodgers. Pujols singled to left. Nelson ran for Pujols. Trumbo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Nelson out at second. Hamilton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 7 - Dodgers 8.	Dodgers rally, snap Angels' streak