Dodgers - Top 1st. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Ellis grounded out to third. Puig flied out to left. Gonzalez singled to right center. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu doubled to deep center. Rutledge sacrificed to pitcher, LeMahieu to third. Gonzalez doubled to deep right, LeMahieu scored. Cuddyer struck out looking. Rosario grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Ethier singled to center. Kemp homered to left center (428 feet), Ethier scored. Federowicz singled to left center. Punto singled to left, Federowicz to second. Capuano reached on fielder's choice to catcher, Federowicz tagged out at third, Punto to second. Ellis struck out swinging. Puig struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Helton grounded out to shortstop. Arenado flied out to left. Colvin grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez singled to right center. Ramirez walked, Gonzalez to second. Ethier lined out to right. Kemp singled to left, Gonzalez to third, Ramirez to second. Federowicz popped out to second. Punto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Chacin singled to right. LeMahieu singled to right, Chacin to second. Rutledge singled to shallow center, Chacin scored, LeMahieu to third, Rutledge to second advancing on throw. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to third, LeMahieu out at home. Cuddyer doubled to deep center, Rutledge and Gonzalez scored, Cuddyer to third advancing on missed catch error by shortstop Ramirez. Rosario hit sacrifice fly to center, Cuddyer scored. Helton walked. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helton out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Capuano lined out to left. Ellis walked. Puig flied out to right. Gonzalez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Colvin flied out to left. Chacin flied out to right. LeMahieu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Ethier singled to right. Kemp lined out to left. Federowicz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Rutledge doubled to deep right center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. League pitching for Dodgers. Cuddyer walked. Rosario singled to center, Rutledge scored, Cuddyer to second. Helton singled to right, Cuddyer scored, Rosario to second. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to second, Helton out at second, Rosario to third. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Colvin singled to center, Rosario scored, Arenado to third. Chacin flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Punto walked. Schumaker hit for Howell. Schumaker grounded out to first, Punto to second. Ellis lined out to right, Punto to third. Puig singled to center, Punto scored. Outman pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez doubled to deep left, Puig scored. Ramirez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Withrow pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu walked. LeMahieu caught stealing second, catcher to second. Rutledge struck out swinging. Dickerson hit for Gonzalez. Dickerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Dickerson in left field. Outman pitching for Rockies. Ethier lined out to center. Escalona pitching for Rockies. Kemp grounded out to third. Federowicz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Withrow pitching for Dodgers. Cuddyer homered to right (396 feet). Rosario struck out swinging. Helton grounded out to second. Arenado struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Punto struck out swinging. Hairston Jr. hit for Withrow. Hairston Jr. doubled to left. Ellis lined out to shortstop. Puig grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Colvin grounded out to first. Pacheco hit for Belisle. Pacheco grounded out to second. LeMahieu singled to left. Rutledge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LeMahieu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez homered to center (426 feet). Ramirez singled to right. Ethier flied out to center. Kemp flied out to left. Federowicz lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 5 - Rockies 9.	Cuddyer homers, has 3 RBIs in Rockies' win