Dodgers - Top 1st. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford fouled out to shortstop. Puig singled to left. Gonzalez flied out to left. Ramirez hit by pitch, Puig to second. Ethier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Eaton grounded out to second. Parra struck out swinging. Goldschmidt singled to left center. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellis singled to left. Schumaker singled to right, Ellis to second. Hairston Jr. grounded into double play, third to second to first, Schumaker out at second, Ellis to third. Nolasco singled to right, Ellis scored. Crawford flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Montero grounded out to second. Prado grounded out to first. Kubel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Puig grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Gregorius singled to right. Kennedy sacrificed to catcher, Gregorius to second. Eaton fouled out to third. Parra popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier singled to left. Ellis struck out swinging, Ethier stole second, Ethier to third on throwing error by catcher Montero. Schumaker grounded out to second, Ethier scored. Hairston Jr. grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Hill grounded out to third. Montero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Nolasco doubled to deep right center. Crawford reached on bunt single to catcher, Nolasco to third. Puig walked, Crawford to second. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to deep center, Nolasco scored, Crawford scored, Gonzalez to second on error by center fielder Eaton.Y Puig tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. Ramirez flied out to center. Ethier safe at first on error by third baseman Prado, Gonzalez to third. Ellis fouled out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Prado safe at first on error by third baseman Hairston Jr.. Kubel lined into double play, to first, Prado doubled off first. Gregorius flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 6th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Schumaker singled to right. Hairston Jr. flied out to center. Nolasco sacrificed to catcher, Schumaker to second. Crawford walked. Puig walked, Schumaker to third, Crawford to second. Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez singled to left, Schumaker and Crawford scored, Puig to second. Ramirez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Pollock hit for Sipp. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Pollock popped out to shortstop. Eaton flied out to right. Parra grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier grounded out to shortstop. Ellis struck out looking. Schumaker lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt lined out to center. Hill doubled to right. Montero grounded out to first, Hill to third. Prado singled to right, Hill scored. Kubel struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Hairston Jr. grounded out to shortstop. Punto hit for Nolasco. Punto flied out to center. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Punto at third base. Gregorius flied out to right. Ross hit for Ziegler. Ross doubled to deep right. Eaton struck out swinging. Parra grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Puig grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Montero hit by pitch. Montero to second on fielder's indifference. Prado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Diamondbacks 1.	Dodgers stay on roll as Nolasco wins debut