Dodgers - Top 1st. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford grounded out to first. Puig struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Reyes popped out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Bautista walked. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez struck out looking. Ethier lined out to right. Ellis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Lind struck out swinging. DeRosa lined out to right. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Hairston Jr. popped out to first. Federowicz reached on infield single to shortstop. Punto grounded into fielder's choice to second, Federowicz out at second. Crawford flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Arencibia grounded out to third. Lawrie singled to center. Reyes doubled to deep center, Lawrie scored. Cabrera grounded out to second, Reyes to third. Bautista singled to center, Reyes scored. Encarnacion popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Puig reached on infield single to third. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Puig out at second. Ramirez reached on infield single to third, Gonzalez to second. Ethier hit ground rule double to deep center, Gonzalez scored, Ramirez to third. Ellis singled to right, Ramirez scored, Ethier to third. Hairston Jr. struck out swinging. Federowicz struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Lind flied out to left. DeRosa homered to right (372 feet). Davis doubled to right. Arencibia reached on infield single to second, Davis to third. Lawrie hit sacrifice fly to center, Davis scored. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arencibia out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Punto struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to second. Puig hit by pitch. Puig stole second. Gonzalez walked. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Cabrera lined out to left. Bautista homered to left center (410 feet). Marmol pitching for Dodgers. Encarnacion singled to left. Lind fouled out to first. DeRosa walked, Encarnacion to second. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeRosa out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Ethier fouled out to third. Ellis popped out to second. Hairston Jr. homered to left center (410 feet). Federowicz doubled to left center. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Punto struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Marmol pitching for Dodgers. Arencibia doubled to deep center. Arencibia to third on wild pitch by Marmol. Lawrie singled to left, Arencibia scored. Reyes homered to right (383 feet), Lawrie scored. Cabrera grounded out to first. Bautista fouled out to third. Encarnacion grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Rasmus in center field. Davis in left field. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford flied out to left. Puig reached on infield single to third. Gonzalez singled to left, Puig to second. Puig to third, Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Cecil. Ramirez walked. Ethier walked, Puig scored, Gonzalez to third, Ramirez to second. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Ellis singled to left, Gonzalez and Ramirez scored, Ethier to second. Hairston Jr. hit by pitch, Ethier to third, Ellis to second. Federowicz struck out swinging. Punto grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ethier out at home, Ellis to third, Hairston Jr. to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Lind grounded out to shortstop. League pitching for Dodgers. Izturis hit for DeRosa. Izturis safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Hairston Jr.. Izturis caught stealing second, catcher to second. Davis singled to center. Davis stole second. Davis safe at third on throwing error by catcher Federowicz. Arencibia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Izturis at second base. Lawrie at third base. Crawford singled to center. Puig walked, Crawford to second. Gonzalez homered to center (430 feet), Crawford and Puig scored. Ramirez struck out looking. Ethier homered to right (359 feet). Ellis grounded out to third. Hairston Jr. struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop. Reyes struck out swinging. Rasmus singled to right. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Federowicz grounded out to pitcher. Punto flied out to center. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Encarnacion flied out to center. Lind hit ground rule double to deep center. Izturis walked. Bonifacio ran for Izturis. Davis flied out to right. Arencibia singled to left, Lind scored, Bonifacio to second. Lawrie flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 10 - Blue Jays 9.	Gonzalez HR drives Dodgers' rally over Jays