Dodgers - Top 1st. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop. Crawford caught stealing second, catcher to second. Puig reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramirez struck out swinging. Ethier flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Lake singled to left. Gillespie grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lake out at second. Rizzo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Hairston Jr. walked. Schumaker struck out swinging. Van Slyke walked, Hairston Jr. to second. Federowicz struck out swinging. Capuano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Castillo flied out to left. Castro reached on infield single to pitcher. Schierholtz struck out swinging. Ransom safe at first on error by third baseman Hairston Jr., Castro to second. Barney lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Crawford grounded out to second. Puig reached on bunt single to third. Ramirez popped out to second. Ethier singled to right, Puig to third. Hairston Jr. reached on infield single to second, Puig scored, Ethier tagged out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Samardzija popped out to second. Lake struck out swinging. Gillespie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Schumaker walked. Van Slyke hit by pitch, Schumaker to second. Federowicz flied out to right, Schumaker to third. Capuano reached on force attempt, Van Slyke to second, Capuano safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Samardzija. Crawford struck out swinging. Puig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Rizzo grounded out to first. Castillo walked. Castro grounded into double play, third to second to first, Castillo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Ramirez grounded out to second. Ethier popped out to shortstop. Hairston Jr. grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Schierholtz popped out to shortstop. Ransom singled to left. Barney grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ransom out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Schumaker walked. Van Slyke struck out swinging. Federowicz doubled to right, Schumaker to third. Capuano struck out swinging. Crawford singled to right, Schumaker and Federowicz scored. Puig walked, Crawford to second. Ramirez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Samardzija struck out swinging. Lake struck out swinging. Gillespie singled to right center. Rizzo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Rondon pitching for Cubs. Ethier singled to right. Hairston Jr. grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ethier out at second. Schumaker grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Hairston Jr. out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Castillo doubled to deep left. Castro lined out to right. Schierholtz singled to left, Castillo to third. League pitching for Dodgers. Ransom grounded into double play, third to second to first, Schierholtz out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Guerrier pitching for Cubs. Van Slyke struck out swinging. Federowicz grounded out to shortstop. Uribe hit for League. Uribe flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Ellis at second base. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Schumaker in right field. Uribe at third base. Barney singled to center. DeJesus hit for Guerrier. DeJesus lined out to left. Lake grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barney out at second. Gillespie singled to left, Lake to second. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Rizzo walked, Lake to third, Gillespie to second. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Lake in left field. Gregg pitching for Cubs. DeJesus in center field. Crawford doubled to left center. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Crawford out at third. Ramirez singled to left, Ellis to second. Ethier walked, Ellis to third, Ramirez to second. Gonzalez hit for Rodriguez. Gonzalez lined into double play, to shortstop, Ramirez doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Castro struck out swinging. Schierholtz grounded out to first. Ransom struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 3 - Cubs 0.	Dodgers set mark with 13th road win in row