Dodgers - Top 1st. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Crawford doubled to shallow left. Blazek pitching for Cardinals. Hairston Jr. popped out to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Puig reached on infield single to third, Crawford to third. Ethier walked, Puig to second. Schumaker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Carpenter grounded out to pitcher. Jay reached on bunt single to third. Beltran singled to right, Jay to third. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beltran out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Federowicz reached on infield single to second. Gordon singled to right, Federowicz to third. Nolasco sacrificed to pitcher, Gordon to second. Crawford intentionally walked. Hairston Jr. singled to left, Federowicz and Gordon scored, Crawford to second. Gonzalez singled to deep right center, Crawford scored, Hairston Jr. to third. Puig walked, Gonzalez to second. Ethier lined out to pitcher, Hairston Jr. scored, Gonzalez to third, Puig to second. Schumaker singled to left, Gonzalez and Puig scored, Schumaker to second advancing on throw. Federowicz struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Freese struck out looking. Adams struck out looking. Cruz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Gordon flied out to center. Nolasco grounded out to second. Crawford singled to left center. Crawford stole second. Hairston Jr. grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Descalso flied out to left. Westbrook struck out swinging. Carpenter safe at first on error by shortstop Gordon. Jay singled to center, Carpenter to third. Beltran grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Puig grounded out to pitcher. Ethier singled to left. Schumaker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Holliday walked. Freese grounded into double play, third to second to first, Holliday out at second. Adams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Federowicz singled to left. Gordon flied out to center. Nolasco sacrificed to catcher, Federowicz to second. Crawford singled to right, Federowicz scored. Hairston Jr. flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Cruz grounded out to first. Descalso safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Nolasco. Westbrook grounded out to pitcher. Carpenter singled to left center, Descalso scored. Jay singled to right, Carpenter to second. Beltran singled to left center, Carpenter scored, Jay to second. Holliday singled to center, Jay scored, Beltran to second. Freese struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 6th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez flied out to left. Puig grounded out to second. Ethier tripled to deep right. Schumaker singled to center, Ethier scored. Federowicz singled to left, Schumaker to second. Gordon singled to right, Schumaker scored, Federowicz to second. Punto hit for Nolasco. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at third base. Kozma at shortstop. Punto struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Withrow pitching for Dodgers. Punto at shortstop. Adams singled to deep center. Adams to second on wild pitch by Withrow. Cruz grounded out to shortstop, Adams to third. Descalso singled to center, Adams scored. Kozma struck out swinging. Carpenter singled to right center, Descalso to second. Jay flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Crawford fouled out to third. Hairston Jr. grounded out to third. Gonzalez safe at first on error by third baseman Descalso. Puig walked, Gonzalez to second. Ethier grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Withrow pitching for Dodgers. Beltran struck out swinging. Holliday flied out to center. Peterson hit for Choate. Peterson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Butler pitching for Cardinals. Schumaker struck out swinging. Federowicz struck out swinging. Uribe hit for Withrow. Uribe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Adams struck out looking. Cruz grounded out to pitcher. Descalso popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Butler pitching for Cardinals. Punto walked. Crawford singled to center, Punto to second. Hairston Jr. popped out to second. Gonzalez flied out to center. Puig walked, Punto to third, Crawford to second. Ethier doubled to deep right, Punto, Crawford and Puig scored. Schumaker singled to left, Ethier scored. Federowicz walked, Schumaker to second. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Marmol pitching for Dodgers. Kozma struck out swinging. Carpenter walked. Carpenter to second on wild pitch by Marmol. Jay struck out swinging. Chambers hit for Beltran. Chambers grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 13 - Cardinals 4.	Dodgers whip Cardinals after Miller's injury