Dodgers - Top 1st. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Crawford singled to right. Punto singled to right center, Crawford to second. Gonzalez flied out to left. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Punto out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Fowler struck out swinging. LeMahieu singled to left. Tulowitzki flied out to right. Cuddyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Ethier doubled to right. Ellis walked. Schumaker reached on infield single to shortstop, Ethier to third, Ellis to second. Federowicz hit sacrifice fly to center, Ethier scored. Nolasco sacrificed to catcher, Ellis to third, Schumaker to second. Crawford singled to left, Ellis and Schumaker scored. Punto singled to center, Crawford to third. Gonzalez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Rosario popped out to first. Helton grounded out to second. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Young grounded out to shortstop. Ethier lined out to right. Ellis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon flied out to right. Chacin struck out looking. Fowler walked. LeMahieu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Schumaker flied out to left. Federowicz singled to left. Nolasco bunted into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second, Federowicz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki popped out to second. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Rosario grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Crawford singled to center. Punto singled to left center, Crawford to third. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center, Crawford scored. Punto to second on balk by Chacin. Young struck out swinging. Ethier walked. Ellis lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. Helton lined out to first. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon doubled to right. Chacin singled to right, Blackmon scored. Fowler lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. Federowicz flied out to left. Nolasco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Nolasco pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu doubled to deep left, LeMahieu to third on error by left fielder Crawford. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop, LeMahieu scored. Cuddyer singled to shallow right center. Cuddyer caught stealing second, pitcher to second. Rosario grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Crawford grounded out to second. Punto lined out to third. Gonzalez safe at first on error by catcher Rosario. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Helton flied out to right. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Outman pitching for Rockies. Ethier walked. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ethier out at second. Schumaker flied out to right. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez in left field. Federowicz doubled to deep left, Ellis to third. Uribe hit for Howell. Uribe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Rutledge hit for Gonzalez. Rutledge homered to left (396 feet). Fowler walked. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu sacrificed to pitcher, Fowler to second. Tulowitzki lined into double play, shortstop to second, Fowler doubled off second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Culberson in left field. Crawford struck out swinging. Punto singled to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Young singled to left, Punto to second. Punto to third, Young to second on wild pitch by Brothers. Ethier walked. Ellis safe at second on error by left fielder Culberson, Punto, Young and Ethier scored. Scahill pitching for Rockies. Schumaker grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop. Rosario singled to center. Rosario to second on fielder's indifference. Rosario to third on wild pitch by Belisario. Helton grounded out to first, Rosario scored. Arenado singled to left. Withrow pitching for Dodgers. Van Slyke in right field. Dickerson hit for Scahill. Arenado stole second. Dickerson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 7 - Rockies 4.	Puig sits; Dodgers win 6th straight