Dodgers - Top 1st. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop. Ellis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Crawford out at second. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Carpenter struck out swinging. Beltran doubled to left. Holliday struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez flied out to center. Ethier struck out swinging. Puig struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Freese popped out to second. Adams popped out to shortstop. Robinson singled to left. Robinson to second on wild pitch by Kershaw. Robinson to third on wild pitch by Kershaw. Kozma struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Uribe struck out swinging. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Kershaw grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Wacha grounded out to third. Carpenter doubled to right. Beltran singled to right center, Carpenter scored, Beltran to second advancing on throw. Holliday struck out looking. Molina singled to center, Beltran scored. Freese singled to center, Molina to second. Adams walked, Molina to third, Freese to second. Robinson singled to right, Molina and Freese scored. Adams to third, Robinson to second on throwing error by right fielder Puig. Kozma intentionally walked. Wacha struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 4th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Crawford walked. Ellis fouled out to first. Gonzalez fouled out to third. Ramirez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Carpenter grounded out to second. Beltran flied out to left. Holliday flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Ethier grounded out to second. Puig flied out to left. Uribe lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Molina singled to right, Molina to second on error by right fielder Puig. Freese singled to left, Molina to third. Adams doubled to left, Molina scored, Freese to third. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freese out at home, Adams to third, Robinson to second. Kozma intentionally walked. Wacha grounded into fielder's choice to second, Adams scored, Robinson to third, Kozma to second. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to left, Robinson scored, Kozma to third, Wacha to second. Kozma scored, Wacha to third on wild pitch by Howell. Beltran singled to left, Wacha scored. Holliday flied out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 6th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Ellis doubled to deep center. Schumaker hit for Howell. Schumaker struck out swinging. Crawford lined out to second. Ellis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Withrow pitching for Dodgers. Molina flied out to center. Freese walked. Adams singled to center, Freese to second. Robinson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Adams out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Ramirez lined out to center. Ethier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Marmol pitching for Dodgers. Kozma popped out to third. Wong hit for Wacha. Wong fouled out to catcher. Carpenter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Jay in center field. Robinson in right field. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Puig struck out looking. Uribe grounded out to third. Ellis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Marmol pitching for Dodgers. Jay singled to right. Holliday popped out to second. Molina struck out swinging. Freese struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Young hit for Marmol. Young flied out to center. Crawford lined out to left. Ellis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 0 - Cardinals 9.	Cards rock Kershaw, reach Series