Nationals - Top 1st . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Robles lined out to left . Turner singled to left center . Soto grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Turner out at second . Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop , Soto to third . Castro singled to right , Soto scored , Zimmerman thrown out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Taylor flied out to left . Seager flied out to left . Turner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Mercer singled to left . Gomes struck out swinging . Pérez flied out to center . Corbin singled to right center , Mercer to second . Robles lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Smith walked . Muncy walked , Smith to second . Pollock walked , Muncy to second , Smith to third . Lux grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pollock to second , Muncy to third , Smith out at home . McKinstry singled to right , Muncy scored and Pollock scored , McKinstry to second , Lux to third . Urías grounded out to first . Taylor homered to left ( 429 feet ) , Lux scored and McKinstry scored . Seager lined out to right . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Turner grounded out to pitcher . Soto flied out to center . Zimmerman lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Turner flied out to right . Smith doubled to deep center . Muncy singled to right , Smith to third . Pollock grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Muncy out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Castro struck out swinging . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Gomes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Lux struck out looking . McKinstry struck out swinging . Urías struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Pérez flied out to right . Corbin struck out looking . Robles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Taylor struck out swinging . Seager singled to right center . Turner doubled to deep center , Seager scored . Voth pitching for Nationals . Smith flied out to center . Muncy intentionally walked . Pollock struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Turner grounded out to third . Soto homered to right ( 407 feet ) . Zimmerman singled to left . Castro flied out to right . Mercer singled to right center , Zimmerman to third . Gomes singled to center , Zimmerman scored , Mercer to third . Hernández hit for Pérez . Nelson pitching for Dodgers . Hernández hit by pitch , Gomes to second . Stevenson hit for Voth . Stevenson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Clay pitching for Nationals . Stevenson in left field . Lux lined out to left . McKinstry grounded out to second . Nelson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Nelson pitching for Dodgers . Robles struck out swinging . Turner walked . Soto grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Turner out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Clay pitching for Nationals . Taylor popped out to first . Seager flied out to left . Turner hit ground rule double to right . Smith intentionally walked . Muncy reached on infield single to shortstop , Smith to second , Turner to third . Finnegan pitching for Nationals . Pollock doubled to left , Muncy scored , Turner scored and Smith scored . Lux struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Santana pitching for Dodgers . Zimmerman singled to left . Castro grounded into double play , second to first , Zimmerman out at second . Mercer reached on infield single to shortstop . Gomes reached on infield single to second , Mercer to second . Garcia hit for Finnegan . Garcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Suero pitching for Nationals . Mercer at first base . Garcia at second base . McKinstry walked . Beaty hit for Santana . Beaty struck out swinging . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McKinstry out at second . Seager walked , Taylor to second . Turner popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Alexander pitching for Dodgers . Stevenson grounded out to second . Robles singled to left center . Turner grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Robles out at second . Soto homered to right ( 360 feet ) , Turner scored . Lucroy hit for Suero . Lucroy singled to center . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Dodgers 9 .	Taylor 's homer propels Dodgers to 9 - 5 win over Nationals