Padres - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Myers singled to center . Norris doubled to right , Myers to third . Kemp doubled to deep right center , Myers and Norris scored . Upton singled to left center , Kemp to third . Middlebrooks struck out swinging . Gyorko doubled to deep right , Kemp scored , Upton to third . Alonso singled to right center , Upton and Gyorko scored . Barmes struck out swinging . Despaigne grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Blackmon struck out swinging . Dickerson struck out looking . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Myers safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki . Myers to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Norris singled to left center , Myers to third . Kemp singled to left center , Myers scored , Norris to second . Upton struck out swinging . Middlebrooks tripled to deep center , Norris and Kemp scored . Gyorko walked . Alonso hit sacrifice fly to left , Middlebrooks scored . Barmes popped out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Despaigne pitching for Padres . González grounded out to pitcher . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu singled to right . Hundley reached on infield single to first , LeMahieu to second . LeMahieu out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Ynoa batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Despaigne singled to right . Myers struck out swinging . Norris struck out looking . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Despaigne out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Ynoa grounded out to shortstop . Friedrich grounded out to pitcher . Blackmon walked . Dickerson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Blackmon in left field . Stubbs in center field . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Upton popped out to second . Middlebrooks lined out to third . Gyorko grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Venable in left field . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Tulowitzki singled to right . González grounded out to shortstop , Tulowitzki to second . Morneau singled to right , Tulowitzki scored . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Hundley walked , Morneau to second . Ynoa singled to right , Morneau scored , Hundley to second . Friedrich grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Alonso grounded out to shortstop . Barmes doubled to deep center . Despaigne grounded out to second , Barmes to third . Myers singled to center , Barmes scored . Norris doubled to deep right , Myers scored . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Kemp singled to center , Norris scored . Venable homered to right ( 381 feet ) , Kemp scored . Middlebrooks struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Blackmon lined out to shortstop . Stubbs struck out swinging . Tulowitzki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Brown pitching for Rockies . Gyorko struck out swinging , Gyorko safe at first on wild pitch by Brown . Alonso grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gyorko out at second . Barmes singled to center . Despaigne grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Spangenberg in right field . Despaigne pitching for Padres . González struck out swinging . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Descalso at shortstop . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Rosario at first base . Myers lined out to center . Norris flied out to left . Spangenberg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Solarte at third base . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Hundley popped out to second . Ynoa grounded out to shortstop . Descalso singled to right . Garcés pitching for Padres . Blackmon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Venable grounded out to pitcher . Solarte flied out to left . Gyorko grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Garces pitching for Padres . Stubbs popped out to second . Rosario doubled to deep right . González struck out swinging . McKenry hit for Ottavino . Rosario to third on passed ball by Norris . McKenry walked . LeMahieu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Alonso singled to center . Barmes flied out to center . Nieves hit for Garcés . Nieves struck out swinging . Myers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Rearick pitching for Padres . Nieves at first base . Hundley singled to center . Ynoa grounded into double play , second to first , Hundley out at second . Descalso walked . Blackmon tripled to deep right center , Descalso scored . Stubbs grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 14 - Rockies 3 .	Kemp , Norris lead Padres ' 17 - hit attack in win over Rockies