Rockies - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon struck out swinging . Dickerson singled to center . Tulowitzki walked , Dickerson to second . Morneau homered to right center ( 382 feet ) , Dickerson and Tulowitzki scored . Arenado grounded out to second . González struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Inciarte grounded out to shortstop . Pollock flied out to center . Goldschmidt singled to left . Goldschmidt stole second . Trumbo walked . Tomás lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . McKenry fouled out to left . LeMahieu singled to right . LeMahieu caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Matzek singled to center . Blackmon singled to center , Matzek to second . Dickerson singled to center , Matzek scored , Blackmon to third , Dickerson thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Owings fouled out to first . Gosewisch struck out swinging . Ahmed struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . Arenado lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Anderson walked . Inciarte grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . Pollock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . González walked . McKenry grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , González out at second . LeMahieu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , McKenry out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Trumbo doubled to left . Tomás grounded out to third . Owings flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Matzek grounded out to shortstop . Blackmon struck out looking . Dickerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Gosewisch walked . Ahmed singled to center , Gosewisch to second . Anderson sacrificed to pitcher , Gosewisch to third , Ahmed to second . Inciarte grounded out to shortstop , Gosewisch scored , Ahmed to third . Pollock reached on infield single to second , Ahmed scored . Goldschmidt singled to left , Pollock to second . Trumbo lined out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki doubled to right . Morneau singled to center , Tulowitzki to third . Arenado hit sacrifice fly to center , Tulowitzki scored . Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks . González walked , Morneau to second . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . McKenry flied out to center . LeMahieu walked , Morneau to third , González to second . Matzek grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Tomás walked . Brown pitching for Rockies . Owings singled to left center , Tomás to second . Tomás to third , Owings to second on wild pitch by Brown . Gosewisch grounded out to third , Tomás scored . Ahmed popped out to second . Peralta hit for Delgado . Peralta grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to right . Dickerson singled to center , Blackmon to second . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , third to first , Blackmon out at third , Dickerson to second . Morneau intentionally walked . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Brown pitching for Rockies . Inciarte popped out to third . Pollock grounded out to third . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . González singled to left . McKenry grounded into double play , third to second to first , González out at second . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Trumbo doubled to deep center . Tomás grounded out to first , Trumbo to third . Owings flied out to center . Gosewisch safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki , Trumbo scored . Ahmed struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Pennington at shortstop . Descalso hit for Betancourt . Descalso grounded out to second . Blackmon grounded out to first . Dickerson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Axford pitching for Rockies . Blackmon in left field . Stubbs in center field . Pennington struck out swinging . Inciarte singled to right . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Inciarte out at second . Goldschmidt singled to right , Pollock to third . Trumbo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Morneau 's 3 - run homer leads Colorado to 5 - 4 win over Arizona