Rockies - Top 1st . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon popped out to second . Dickerson struck out swinging . Tulowitzki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Kendrick pitching for Rockies . Pollock singled to deep right , Pollock to second on error by center fielder Blackmon . Owings singled to left center , Pollock to third . Goldschmidt singled to center , Pollock scored , Owings to second . Trumbo tripled to deep center , Owings and Goldschmidt scored . Peralta grounded out to pitcher . Tomás grounded into double play . Trumbo out at third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 2nd . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Morneau hit ground rule double to deep right . Arenado struck out swinging . González reached on infield single to pitcher , Morneau to third . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley walked , González to second . LeMahieu singled to center , Morneau scored , González to third , Hundley to second . Kendrick struck out looking . Blackmon grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Rockies . Hill popped out to shortstop . Gosewisch grounded out to shortstop . Chafin lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Dickerson walked . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Morneau singled to center , Dickerson to second . Arenado singled to right , Dickerson to third , Morneau to second . González struck out swinging . Hundley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Rockies . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Owings lined out to right . Goldschmidt lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu flied out to right . Kendrick doubled to deep left . Blackmon doubled to right , Kendrick scored . Dickerson grounded out to shortstop , Blackmon to third . Tulowitzki singled to left center , Blackmon scored . Tulowitzki out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Morneau batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Kendrick pitching for Rockies . Trumbo singled to center . Peralta homered to right ( 411 feet ) , Trumbo scored . Tomás reached on infield single to second . Hill popped out to second . Gosewisch lined out to right . Dorn hit for Chafin . Dorn walked , Tomás to second . Pollock lined out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Morneau grounded out to second . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Kendrick pitching for Rockies . Owings grounded out to third . Goldschmidt doubled to right . Trumbo homered to center ( 451 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . Peralta doubled to deep right . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Peralta to third on wild pitch by Bergman . Tomás walked . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peralta scored , Tomás out at second . Gosewisch grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley singled to left . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher , Hundley to second . Bergman flied out to center . Blackmon singled to center , Hundley scored . Dickerson singled to shortstop , Blackmon to second . Tulowitzki flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Pennington hit for Hudson . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Pennington grounded out to second . Pollock lined out to shortstop . Owings flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks . Morneau struck out swinging . Arenado flied out to right . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Trumbo singled to shallow right . Peralta flied out to center . Tomás doubled to deep center , Trumbo scored , Tomás out stretching at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Owings at second base . Ahmed at shortstop . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Hill at third base . Inciarte in right field . Hundley grounded out to third . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Ynoa hit for Bergman . Ynoa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Rondón pitching for Rockies . Hill reached on infield single to second . Gosewisch struck out swinging . Inciarte doubled to deep center , Hill scored . Pollock walked . Owings flied out to right . Goldschmidt doubled to deep left , Inciarte and Pollock scored . Ahmed flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to deep right . Blackmon to second on fielder 's indifference . Dickerson struck out swinging . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Morneau singled to left center , Blackmon scored . Arenado flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Diamondbacks 12 .	Bradley walks off after line drive to face , D - backs win 12 - 5