Cardinals - Top 1st . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Wong struck out swinging . Carpenter grounded out to first . Peralta lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu doubled to left . Arenado grounded out to third , LeMahieu to third . González grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Reynolds popped out to second . Grichuk struck out swinging . Molina popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Rosario struck out swinging . Descalso flied out to left . Hundley reached on infield single to shortstop . Barnes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Heyward struck out swinging . Bourjos grounded out to third . Martínez singled to center . Wong singled to right , Martínez to third . Carpenter singled to left , Martínez scored , Wong to third , Carpenter to second on error by left fielder Barnes . Wong scored , Carpenter to third on wild pitch by Bettis . Peralta walked . Reynolds grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Bettis struck out looking . Blackmon singled to right . LeMahieu flied out to right . Arenado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Grichuk flied out to right . Molina singled to left center . Heyward grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Molina out at second . Heyward to second on wild pitch by Bettis . Bourjos walked . Martínez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . González doubled to deep right . Rosario flied out to right . Descalso grounded out to pitcher , González to third . Hundley popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Wong flied out to right . Carpenter singled to center . Peralta struck out swinging . Reynolds doubled to deep center , Carpenter scored , Reynolds to third on throwing error by shortstop Descalso . Grichuk struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Barnes singled to center . Parker hit for Bettis . Parker reached on infield single to shortstop , Barnes to second . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded into double play , second to first , Parker out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Molina singled to center . Heyward grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Molina out at second . Bourjos popped out to second . Martínez reached on infield single to shortstop , Heyward to second . Wong popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Arenado singled to center . González grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Arenado out at second . Rosario grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , González out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Paulsen in left field . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Carpenter struck out swinging . Peralta singled to left center . Reynolds struck out swinging . Peralta caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Descalso walked . Hundley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Descalso out at second . Paulsen homered to left center ( 429 feet ) , Hundley scored . Ynoa hit for Bergman . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Kozma at shortstop . Ynoa struck out looking . Blackmon flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Grichuk homered to right center ( 411 feet ) . Molina struck out swinging . Heyward doubled to left . Bourjos grounded out to shortstop . Kozma walked . Wong grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . LeMahieu struck out looking . Arenado struck out swinging . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Carpenter flied out to center . Cruz hit for Siegrist . Brown pitching for Rockies . Cruz flied out to center . Reynolds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Rosario grounded out to third . Descalso struck out swinging . Hundley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Rockies 2 .	Martinez , Cardinals beat Rockies 4 - 2 to avoid series sweep