Rockies - Top 1st . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon fouled out to third . Tulowitzki lined out to center . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Ahmed singled to right . Ahmed to second on wild pitch by Rusin . Pollock fouled out to first . Ahmed caught stealing third , pitcher to second . Goldschmidt singled to center . Tomás grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado doubled to right . Paulsen struck out swinging . Hundley grounded out to third . Descalso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Castillo grounded out to third . Hill struck out looking . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . Rusin grounded out to shortstop . Barnes grounded out to first . Blackmon popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Owings struck out swinging . Hellickson fouled out to second . Ahmed flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . González grounded out to second . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Pollock struck out swinging . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop . Tomás flied out to center . Castillo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . Paulsen flied out to center . Hundley doubled to deep right . Descalso flied out to center . Rusin singled to center , Hundley scored . Barnes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rusin out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Hill flied out to left . Peralta singled to center . Owings struck out swinging . Hellickson hit by pitch , Peralta to second . Ahmed flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon bunt grounded out to pitcher . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . González grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Pollock homered to left center ( 429 feet ) . Goldschmidt lined out to center . Tomás grounded out to first . Castillo walked . Hill safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado , Castillo to second . Peralta tripled to right , Castillo and Hill scored . Owings intentionally walked . Hellickson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado flied out to left . Paulsen grounded out to pitcher . Hundley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Ahmed grounded out to third . Pollock singled to center . Goldschmidt walked , Pollock to second . Tomás doubled to left , Pollock and Goldschmidt scored . Castillo walked . Hill doubled to left , Tomás and Castillo scored . Miller pitching for Rockies . Hill out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Peralta struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Descalso struck out swinging . Stubbs hit for Miller . Stubbs flied out to right . Barnes singled to center . Blackmon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Owings doubled to left . Dorn hit for Hernandez . Dorn fouled out to third . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop , Owings to third . Pollock safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado , Owings scored . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pollock out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 9th . Stites pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki singled to left center . González lined into double play , third to first , Tulowitzki doubled off first . Arenado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 1 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Late - inning offense carries Arizona to win