Rangers - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . DeShields reached on bunt single to catcher . Odor reached on bunt single to first , DeShields to second . Beltré walked , DeShields to third , Odor to second . Moreland singled to right , DeShields and Odor scored , Beltré to third . Hamilton grounded out to pitcher , Moreland to second . Andrus hit sacrifice fly to right , Beltré scored . Choo singled to right , Moreland scored . Chirinos struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Perez pitching for Rangers . LeMahieu walked . González grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , LeMahieu out at second . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Pérez struck out swinging . DeShields flied out to left . Odor homered to right ( 397 feet ) . Beltré lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Arenado lined out to first . Rosario reached on infield single to second . Stubbs singled to right , Rosario to second . Hundley singled to center , Rosario scored , Stubbs to second . Barnes walked , Stubbs to third , Hundley to second . De La Rosa struck out bunting foul . LeMahieu struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Moreland lined out to center . Hamilton struck out swinging . Andrus popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Perez pitching for Rangers . González fouled out to third . Tulowitzki walked . Arenado popped out to second . Rosario grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Choo struck out looking . Chirinos grounded out to third . Pérez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Stubbs reached on infield single to second . Hundley singled to center , Stubbs to third . Barnes safe at first on error by second baseman Odor , Stubbs scored , Hundley advanced to second on Odor error , Hundley to third , Barnes to second on throwing error by second baseman Odor . De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop , Hundley scored . LeMahieu singled to left center , Barnes scored . LeMahieu stole second . González flied out to left . Tulowitzki intentionally walked . Arenado flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . DeShields hit by pitch . Odor grounded out to first , DeShields to second . DeShields stole third , DeShields scored on throwing error by catcher Hundley . Beltré walked . Moreland flied out to right . Hamilton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Rosario lined out to shortstop . Stubbs popped out to shortstop . Hundley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Choo struck out looking . Chirinos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Barnes flied out to right . McKenry hit for De La Rosa . McKenry grounded out to second . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Germen pitching for Rockies . Martín hit for Pérez . Martín flied out to center . DeShields walked . Odor tripled to deep right , DeShields scored . Beltré intentionally walked . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Moreland grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Odor scored , Beltré out at second . Hamilton singled to right center , Moreland to second . Andrus flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . DeShields in left field . Freeman pitching for Rangers . Martín in center field . González walked . Kela pitching for Rangers . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Arenado grounded out to third , González to second . González to third on wild pitch by Kela . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Choo struck out looking . Chirinos singled to center . Martín flied out to center . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . DeShields lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Stubbs struck out swinging . Hundley homered to left ( 399 feet ) . Barnes walked . Blackmon hit for Kahnle . Blackmon lined out to center . LeMahieu singled to right , Barnes to third . González homered to right ( 398 feet ) , Barnes and LeMahieu scored . Tulowitzki struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Paulsen at first base . Axford pitching for Rockies . Odor walked . Beltré singled to right , Odor to third . Moreland struck out swinging . Fielder hit for Scheppers . Fielder intentionally walked , Beltré to second . Andrus singled to left , Odor and Beltré scored , Fielder to second . Choo struck out swinging . Rosales ran for Fielder . Chirinos walked , Rosales to third , Andrus to second . Logan pitching for Rockies . Martín struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Arenado grounded out to pitcher . Paulsen grounded out to second . Stubbs flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 10 - Rockies 8 .	Andrus ' tiebreaking single lifts Rangers over Rockies 10 - 8