Rockies - Top 1st . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu walked . Tulowitzki lined out to left . González singled to right , LeMahieu to third . Arenado walked , González to second . Dickerson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Fowler flied out to center . Schwarber flied out to center . Bryant struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Paulsen grounded out to second . McKenry struck out looking . De La Rosa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Rizzo grounded out to shortstop . Soler struck out swinging . Denorfia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Blackmon grounded out to first . LeMahieu singled to center . Tulowitzki grounded out to third , LeMahieu to second . González homered to left center ( 374 feet ) , LeMahieu scored . Arenado grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Castro grounded out to third . Hendricks lined out to second . Russell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Dickerson lined out to left . Paulsen singled to right . McKenry singled to right , Paulsen to third . De La Rosa struck out bunting foul . Blackmon walked , McKenry to second . LeMahieu singled to shallow left , Paulsen and McKenry scored , Blackmon to second . Blackmon caught stealing third , catcher to third . Tulowitzki batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Fowler walked . Schwarber walked , Fowler to second . Bryant singled to left , Fowler scored , Schwarber to second . Rizzo singled to center , Schwarber to third , Bryant to second . Soler singled to right , Schwarber scored , Bryant to third , Rizzo to second . Denorfia grounded out to second , Bryant scored , Rizzo to third , Soler to second . Castro singled to shallow left , Rizzo and Soler scored . Hendricks sacrificed to pitcher , Castro to second . Russell doubled to deep left , Castro scored . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Fowler grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . González bunt grounded out to pitcher . Arenado popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Schwarber flied out to right . Bryant grounded out to third . Rizzo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Dickerson singled to right . Grimm pitching for Cubs . Paulsen grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Dickerson out at second , Paulsen to second on throwing error by shortstop Castro . McKenry flied out to right . Rosario hit for Friedrich . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Soler flied out to right . Denorfia singled to left . Castro reached on infield single to third , Denorfia to third , Denorfia scored , Castro to second on throwing error by third baseman Arenado . Coghlan hit for Grimm . Coghlan lined into double play , second to shortstop , Castro doubled off second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Strop pitching for Cubs . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Russell flied out to right . Fowler walked . Schwarber struck out looking . Bryant struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Ross catching . Rondón pitching for Cubs . González singled to left . González to second on wild pitch by Rondón . Arenado flied out to center . Dickerson reached on infield single to third . Paulsen grounded out to first , González to third , Dickerson to second . McKenry fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Rizzo flied out to center . Soler lined out to third . Denorfia singled to center . Castro singled to center , Denorfia to second . Herrera hit for Rondón . Herrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Motte pitching for Cubs . Descalso hit for Betancourt . Descalso homered to right center ( 401 feet ) . Blackmon singled to right . LeMahieu doubled to deep right , Blackmon to third . Soriano pitching for Cubs . Tulowitzki grounded out to third , Blackmon scored , LeMahieu to third . González homered to right ( 386 feet ) , LeMahieu scored . Arenado struck out swinging . Dickerson grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Barnes in left field . Axford pitching for Rockies . Descalso at shortstop . Russell flied out to center . Fowler singled to right . Ross flied out to center . Bryant homered to center ( 402 feet ) , Fowler scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 8 - Cubs 9 .	Bryant 's dramatic HR leads Cubs past Rockies