Giants - Top 1st . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Pagán struck out swinging . Tomlinson struck out looking . Duffy lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Blackmon reached on infield single to first . Reyes sacrificed to pitcher , Blackmon to second . González homered to left ( 400 feet ) , Blackmon scored . Arenado singled to left . LeMahieu singled to right , Arenado to second . Paulsen grounded out to catcher , Arenado to third , LeMahieu to second . Rosario singled to deep right , Arenado and LeMahieu scored . Hundley singled to center , Rosario to second . Rusin struck out looking . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Posey grounded out to pitcher . Byrd flied out to center . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Blackmon grounded out to first . Reyes lined out to first . González doubled to deep left . Arenado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Pérez doubled to deep left center . Adrianza grounded out to third . Vogelsong homered to right center ( 394 feet ) , Pérez scored . Pagán reached on infield single to second . Tomlinson singled to left , Pagán to second . Duffy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tomlinson out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . LeMahieu singled to right . Paulsen grounded into fielder 's choice to left , LeMahieu safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Duffy . Rosario grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , LeMahieu scored , Paulsen out at second . Hundley grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 4th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Posey grounded out to third . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Rusin singled to center . Blackmon tripled to right , Rusin scored . Reyes singled to right , Blackmon scored . Kontos pitching for Giants . Susac catching . Reyes stole second . González homered to right ( 389 feet ) , Reyes scored . Arenado doubled to deep left center . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop , Arenado to third . Paulsen lined out to second . Rosario grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Pérez flied out to right . Adrianza grounded out to shortstop . Susac struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Hundley flied out to right . Rusin grounded out to pitcher . Blackmon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Pagán walked . Tomlinson singled to left center , Pagán to third . Duffy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pagán scored , Tomlinson out at second . Posey reached on infield single to shortstop . Byrd flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Reyes singled to center . González struck out swinging . Arenado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reyes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Aoki hit for Hudson . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Aoki struck out swinging . Pérez grounded out to third . Adrianza flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Hall pitching for Giants . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Paulsen popped out to shortstop . Rosario reached on infield single to shortstop . Hundley singled to center , Rosario to second , Rosario to third , Hundley to second on error by center fielder Pagán . Rusin lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 8th . Paulsen at first base . Barnes in left field . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Susac grounded out to shortstop . Pagán flied out to center . Tomlinson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Hall pitching for Giants . Blackmon flied out to left . Reyes grounded out to first . González singled to left . Arenado homered to left center ( 411 feet ) , González scored . LeMahieu singled to left . Broadway pitching for Giants . Paulsen grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Adames at shortstop . Parker in left field . Barnes in right field . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Duffy grounded out to second . Posey lined out to right . Byrd grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 3 - Rockies 11 .	Gonzalez hits 2 HRs again as Rockies rout Giants 11 - 3