Pirates - Top 1st . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Polanco lined out to third . Harrison singled to left center . McCutchen flied out to center . Marte singled to center , Harrison to third . Marte stole second . Walker singled to left , Harrison and Marte scored . Cervelli grounded out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Morton pitching for Pirates . Reyes struck out looking . Dickerson grounded out to second . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Álvarez flied out to left . Mercer singled to right . Morton sacrificed to first , Mercer to second . Polanco popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Morneau struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Harrison struck out looking . McCutchen singled to center . Marte singled to left , McCutchen to second . Walker homered to right ( 392 feet ) , McCutchen and Marte scored . Cervelli grounded out to shortstop . Álvarez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Descalso reached on infield single to second . Barnes grounded out to third , Descalso to second . Bergman reached on infield single to second , Descalso to third . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Descalso scored , Bergman out at second . Dickerson singled to right , Reyes to third . González flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Morton fouled out to first . Polanco singled to center . Harrison singled to right center , Polanco to third . McCutchen walked , Harrison to second . Marte doubled to deep left , Polanco and Harrison scored , McCutchen to third . Castro pitching for Rockies . Walker walked . Cervelli struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Morneau singled to center . LeMahieu singled to right , Morneau to second . Murphy reached on bunt single to third , Morneau to third , LeMahieu to second . Descalso walked , Morneau scored , LeMahieu to third , Murphy to second . Barnes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LeMahieu out at home , Murphy to third , Descalso to second . Paulsen hit for Castro . Paulsen struck out looking . Reyes grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Álvarez struck out swinging . Mercer doubled to deep center . Morton grounded out to third . Polanco walked . Harrison struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Dickerson homered to right center ( 436 feet ) . González singled to left . Morneau singled to left center , González to second . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop , González to third , Morneau to second . Murphy homered to left ( 417 feet ) , González and Morneau scored . Blanton pitching for Pirates . Descalso grounded out to second . Barnes lined out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Dickerson in center field . Parker in left field . Miller pitching for Rockies . McCutchen struck out swinging . Marte flied out to center . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Adames hit for Miller . Blanton pitching for Pirates . Adames grounded out to second . Reyes struck out swinging . Dickerson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Cervelli struck out swinging . Álvarez struck out swinging . Mercer singled to left . Morse hit for Blanton . Morse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Soria pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez at first base . González grounded out to second . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Polanco lined out to center . Díaz pitching for Rockies . Harrison struck out swinging . McCutchen walked . Marte grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . Descalso grounded out to pitcher . Parker popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Axford pitching for Rockies . Walker reached on infield single to pitcher . Cervelli singled to right , Walker to second . Snider hit for Watson . Snider grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cervelli out at second , Walker to third . Broxton ran for Snider . Mercer walked , Broxton to second . Rodriguez doubled to deep center , Walker , Broxton and Mercer scored . Gurka pitching for Rockies . Polanco doubled to center , Rodriguez scored . Harrison singled to center , Polanco scored . McCutchen walked , Harrison to second . Marte struck out swinging . Walker singled to left , Harrison scored , McCutchen to second . Cervelli singled to center , McCutchen to third , Walker to second . Broxton struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Caminero pitching for Pirates . Broxton in right field . Ynoa hit for Gurka . Ynoa doubled to deep left . Reyes grounded out to second , Ynoa to third . Dickerson doubled to deep right , Ynoa scored . González flied out to left . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 13 - Rockies 7 .	Pirates clinch 3rd straight postseason berth