Dodgers - Top 1st . Hale pitching for Rockies . Utley grounded out to second . Rollins tripled to deep center . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Rollins scored . Kendrick singled to center . Ethier lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon safe at first on error by pitcher Bolsinger . Adames bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Blackmon out at second . González singled to left , Adames to second . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Adames out at third , González to second . Dickerson singled to right , González scored , Arenado to third . Morneau walked , Dickerson to second . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Hale pitching for Rockies . Crawford reached on infield single to third , Crawford out at second . Grandal grounded out to shortstop . Pederson walked . Bolsinger struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers . Ynoa lined out to right . Hale grounded out to first . Blackmon walked . Adames grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Hale pitching for Rockies . Utley walked . Rollins reached on infield single to shortstop , Utley to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Kendrick grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rollins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers . González walked . Arenado grounded out to third , González to second . Dickerson doubled to deep left , González scored . Morneau safe at first on error by first baseman Gonzalez , Dickerson scored . Morneau to second on wild pitch by Bolsinger . Murphy struck out swinging . Ynoa tripled to deep center , Morneau scored . Hale grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Hale pitching for Rockies . Ethier grounded out to second . Crawford grounded out to first . Grandal grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon homered to right ( 416 feet ) . Adames grounded out to pitcher . González homered to center ( 432 feet ) . Arenado struck out swinging . Dickerson homered to center ( 452 feet ) . Morneau flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Hale pitching for Rockies . Pederson grounded out to pitcher . Guerrero hit for Bolsinger . Guerrero struck out swinging . Utley hit ground rule double to deep left . Utley to third on wild pitch by Hale . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Thomas pitching for Dodgers . Murphy reached on infield single to second . Murphy picked off first . Parker hit for Hale . Parker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez lined out to center . Kendrick struck out swinging . Ethier singled to right . Ethier to second on wild pitch by Friedrich . Crawford reached on infield single to second , Ethier to third . Ethier scored , Crawford to second on wild pitch by Friedrich . Grandal walked . Pederson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Thomas pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon struck out swinging . Adames reached on infield single to shortstop . González flied out to center . Arenado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Brown pitching for Rockies . Schebler hit for Thomas . Schebler grounded out to second . Utley walked . Rollins singled to right center , Utley to third . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez walked , Rollins to second . Kendrick singled to right center , Utley and Rollins scored , Gonzalez to second . Turner hit for Ethier . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Turner grounded out to first , Gonzalez to third , Kendrick to second . Crawford grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Peralta pitching for Dodgers . Schebler in right field . Dickerson struck out swinging . Morneau struck out swinging . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Rockies . Grandal lined out to right . Pederson flied out to right . Schebler grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Peralta pitching for Dodgers . Ynoa lined out to center . Paulsen hit for Miller . Paulsen struck out swinging . Blackmon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Axford pitching for Rockies . Utley flied out to center . Rollins struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 4 - Rockies 7 .	Rockies hit 3 homers in 4th inning , beat Dodgers 7 - 4