Rockies - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon struck out swinging . Reyes singled to center . Arenado lined out to right . Rosario walked , Reyes to second . LeMahieu singled to right , Reyes scored , Rosario to third . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LeMahieu out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Hale pitching for Rockies . Pollock singled to left center . Pollock stole second . Gosselin singled to right , Pollock to third . Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to second , Pollock scored . Peralta singled to right , Gosselin to third . Castillo grounded out to shortstop , Gosselin scored , Peralta to second . Lamb struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Parker struck out swinging . Ynoa flied out to center . Hale lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Hale pitching for Rockies . Tomás grounded out to shortstop . Owings flied out to center . Corbin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon bunt grounded out to pitcher . Reyes struck out swinging . Arenado lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Hale pitching for Rockies . Pollock lined out to third . Gosselin lined out to left . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Rosario doubled to deep left center . LeMahieu lined out to center . Murphy grounded out to second , Rosario to third . Rosario scored on Corbin 's wild pitch . Parker singled to center . Ynoa doubled to center , Parker scored . Hale struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Brito hit for Peralta . Hale pitching for Rockies . Brito singled to right . Brito stole second . Castillo walked . Lamb fouled out to right , Brito to third . Tomás grounded out to shortstop , Brito scored , Castillo to second . Owings intentionally walked . Corbin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Owings out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Brito in left field . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon reached on infield single to third . Reyes singled to left center , Blackmon to second . Arenado lined out to center , Blackmon to third . Rosario singled to center , Blackmon scored , Reyes thrown out at third , Rosario to second advancing on throw . LeMahieu grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Hale pitching for Rockies . Pollock popped out to shortstop . Gosselin flied out to center . Goldschmidt doubled to center . Brito tripled to right , Goldschmidt scored . Castillo flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Murphy struck out swinging . Parker doubled to deep center . Ynoa doubled to right , Parker scored . Adames hit for Hale . Hessler pitching for Diamondbacks . Adames popped out to second . Blackmon walked . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Germen pitching for Rockies . Lamb singled to right . Tomás grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lamb out at second . Owings grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado doubled to deep left . Rosario struck out swinging . Arenado to third on wild pitch by Burgos . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Murphy doubled to deep center , Arenado scored . Murphy to third on wild pitch by Burgos . Parker popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Paulsen at first base . Miller pitching for Rockies . Hill hit for Burgos . Hill lined out to right . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Gosselin inside - the - park home run to deep left ( 386 feet ) . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop . Brito singled to center , Goldschmidt to second . Castillo doubled to deep center , Goldschmidt and Brito scored . Logan pitching for Rockies . Castillo to third on wild pitch by Logan . Castillo scored on Logan 's wild pitch . Lamb popped out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Ynoa grounded out to third . Descalso hit for Logan . Descalso grounded out to second . Blackmon grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Díaz pitching for Rockies . Tomás struck out swinging . Owings doubled to deep right . Saltalamacchia hit for Chafin . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . Pollock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes struck out swinging . Arenado flied out to right . Paulsen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 6 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Castillo 's 2 - run double lifts Diamondbacks past Rockies , 8 - 6