Rockies - Top 1st . Cain pitching for Giants . Blackmon flied out to right . Reyes flied out to center . González tripled to deep right center . Arenado walked . Dickerson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Pagán singled to left . Tomlinson singled to left , Pagán to second . Duffy singled to deep right , Pagán scored , Tomlinson to third . Posey singled to center , Tomlinson scored , Duffy to second . Parker grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Posey out at second , Duffy to third . Parker caught stealing second , catcher to second . Williamson lined out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Cain pitching for Giants . Rosario popped out to shortstop . Descalso fouled out to third . Garneau flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Noonan walked . Williams flied out to left . Cain sacrificed to pitcher , Noonan to second . Pagán flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Cain pitching for Giants . Bergman struck out swinging . Blackmon lined out to shortstop . Reyes safe at first on error by second baseman Tomlinson . González singled to right , Reyes to third . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , González out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Tomlinson singled to center . Duffy lined out to right . Posey singled to center , Tomlinson to third . Parker grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Posey out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Cain pitching for Giants . Dickerson popped out to shortstop . Rosario grounded out to first . Descalso flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Williamson grounded out to shortstop . Noonan struck out looking . Williams grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Cain pitching for Giants . Garneau fouled out to catcher . Flande bunt grounded out to catcher . Blackmon lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . De Aza hit for Cain . Flande pitching for Rockies . De Aza singled to center . Pagán lined out to center . Tomlinson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , De Aza out at second . Duffy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tomlinson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Parker in center field . Williamson in right field . De Aza in left field . Reyes popped out to third . González flied out to center . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Arenado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Germen pitching for Rockies . Posey grounded out to shortstop . Parker singled to center . Williamson reached on infield single to pitcher , Parker to second . Noonan flied out to right . Williams singled to center , Parker scored , Williamson to second . De Aza walked , Williamson to third , Williams to second . Crawford hit for Gearrin . Crawford grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Romo pitching for Giants . Dickerson popped out to second . Rosario grounded out to pitcher . Bochy pitching for Giants . Descalso flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Miller pitching for Rockies . Tomlinson lined out to second . Duffy flied out to right . Posey grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Broadway pitching for Giants . Garneau flied out to right . Adames hit for Miller . Adames flied out to left . Osich pitching for Giants . Blackmon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Parker singled to left . Williamson grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Parker out at second . Noonan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . López pitching for Giants . Reyes flied out to center . Ynoa hit for González . Ynoa singled to left . Kontos pitching for Giants . Arenado singled to left , Ynoa to second . Dickerson homered to right ( 374 feet ) , Ynoa and Arenado scored . Paulsen hit for Rosario . Paulsen singled to right center . Hall pitching for Giants . Descalso walked , Paulsen to second . Garneau singled to center , Paulsen to third , Descalso to second . Morneau hit for Brothers . Morneau singled to right , Paulsen and Descalso scored , Garneau to third , Morneau to second advancing on throw . Byrd in right field . Petit pitching for Giants . Blackmon singled to center , Garneau and Morneau scored . Blackmon stole second . Reyes grounded out to first , Blackmon to third . Ynoa safe at first on error by first baseman Posey . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 9th . Axford pitching for Rockies . Paulsen at first base . Parker in right field . Williams grounded out to pitcher . De Aza walked . Byrd doubled to right , De Aza to third . Tomlinson walked . Duffy struck out swinging . Posey grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 7 - Giants 3 .	Dickerson , Morneau , Rockies rally for 7 in 9th , beat Giants