White Sox - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Royals . Harris grounded out to first . Valentin struck out looking . Ordonez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Berroa grounded out to catcher . Beltran flied out to right . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Royals . Thomas singled to left . Lee singled to left , Thomas to second . Konerko doubled to deep right center , Thomas and Lee scored . Crede struck out looking . Rowand grounded out to second , Konerko to third . Alomar Jr homered to left , Konerko scored . Harris flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Gonzalez singled to center . Randa lined out to right . Harvey reached on infield single to pitcher , Gonzalez to third , Harvey to second on error by pitcher Buehrle . Santiago grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez scored , Harvey out at second . Guiel flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Royals . Valentin struck out swinging . Ordonez grounded out to third . Thomas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Graffanino ran for Relaford . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Relaford singled to left . Berroa grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Graffanino out at second . Beltran flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Graffanino at second base . Anderson pitching for Royals . Lee homered to left center . Konerko singled to center . Crede flied out to center . Rowand grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Konerko out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Sweeney flied out to center . Gonzalez singled to center . Randa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Royals . Alomar Jr singled to center . Harris sacrificed to catcher , Alomar Jr to second . Valentin struck out swinging . Ordonez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Harvey grounded out to third . Santiago homered to center . Guiel grounded out to first . Graffanino walked . Camp pitching for Royals . Berroa lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Camp pitching for Royals . Thomas walked . Lee popped out to second . Konerko lined out to right . Crede grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Thomas out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Beltran singled to center . Sweeney flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Beltran out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Camp pitching for Royals . Rowand singled to left . Alomar Jr singled to right center , Rowand to third . Harris lined into double play , to first , Alomar Jr doubled off first . Valentin doubled to deep right , Rowand scored . Ordonez singled to left , Valentin scored . Thomas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ordonez out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Randa reached on infield single to shortstop . Harvey grounded out to second , Randa to second . Santiago fouled out to first . Guiel singled to center , Randa scored . Politte pitching for White Sox . Field pitching for Royals . Graffanino struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Field pitching for Royals . Lee struck out swinging . Konerko singled to left center . Crede flied out to right . Konerko stole second . Rowand struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Politte pitching for White Sox . Berroa struck out looking . Beltran flied out to right . Sweeney doubled to deep right center . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Alomar Jr grounded out to shortstop . Harris grounded out to second . Valentin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Politte pitching for White Sox . Randa walked . Randa to second on passed ball by Alomar Jr. Koch pitching for White Sox . Harvey walked . Santiago doubled to deep left , Randa scored , Harvey to third . Stairs hit for Graffanino . Marte pitching for White Sox . Lopez hit for Stairs . Guiel struck out swinging . Lopez homered to center , Harvey and Santiago scored . Berroa singled to left . Beltran homered to left , Berroa scored . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 7 - Royals 9 .	Royal rally : Six - run 9th beats White Sox