Royals - Top 1st . Lohse pitching for Twins . Relaford hit by pitch . Relaford stole second . Berroa sacrificed to pitcher , Relaford to third . Harvey hit by pitch . Stairs grounded into double play , third to second to first , Harvey out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Reyes pitching for Royals . Guzman doubled to deep left . Ford singled to left , Guzman scored . Mauer singled to left center , Ford to second . Koskie struck out swinging . Hunter walked , Ford to third , Mauer to second . Jones grounded out to first , Ford scored , Mauer to third , Hunter to second . LeCroy doubled to left center , Mauer and Hunter scored . Cuddyer hit by pitch . Punto struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Lohse pitching for Twins . Mateo reached on infield single to third . Brown singled to right , Mateo to second . Graffanino struck out swinging . Buck flied out to center . Jackson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Reyes pitching for Royals . Guzman safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Relaford . Ford singled to left , Guzman to second . Mauer singled to right , Guzman scored , Ford to third . Huisman pitching for Royals . Minnesota 's Manager Gardenhire ejected by Guccione in the 2nd . Hunter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ford scored , Koskie out at second , Mauer to third . Jones struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 3rd . Lohse pitching for Twins . Relaford grounded out to first . Berroa grounded out to third . Harvey grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Huisman pitching for Royals . LeCroy struck out looking . Cuddyer grounded out to second . Punto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Stairs singled to deep right . Mateo popped out to second . Brown singled to right center , Stairs to third . Graffanino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Brown out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Huisman pitching for Royals . Guzman singled to center . Ford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guzman out at second . Mauer doubled to left , Ford to third . Koskie intentionally walked . Hunter doubled to left , Ford and Mauer scored , Koskie to third . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hunter out at third . Sullivan pitching for Royals . LeCroy walked , Jones to second . Cuddyer walked , Koskie scored , Jones to third , LeCroy to second . Punto flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Buck struck out looking . Jackson flied out to center . Relaford flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Sullivan pitching for Royals . Guzman singled to right . Ford grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guzman out at second . Restovich in left field . Mauer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Berroa grounded out to pitcher . Harvey grounded out to second . Stairs grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Sullivan pitching for Royals . Koskie doubled to deep right center . Hunter singled to right , Koskie to third . Jones hit by pitch , Hunter to second . LeCroy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Koskie scored , Jones out at second , Hunter to third , LeCroy to first , Hunter scored on throwing error by shortstop Berroa . Cuddyer lined out to second . Punto flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Mateo grounded out to shortstop . Brown singled to right . Graffanino singled to right , Brown to third . Buck struck out looking . Seanez pitching for Royals . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Seanez pitching for Royals . Guzman singled to center . Restovich flied out to center . Mauer singled to right , Guzman to second . Koskie singled to left , Guzman to third , Mauer to second . Hunter grounded out to first , Guzman scored , Mauer to third , Koskie to second . Jones struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Relaford flied out to left . Berroa grounded out to third . Bukvich pitching for Royals . Harvey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Bukvich pitching for Royals . LeCroy struck out swinging . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Punto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Stairs grounded out to second . Mateo grounded out to shortstop . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 0 - Twins 12 .	12 - 0s : Twins blank KC in series