Angels - Top 1st . Eckstein popped out to shortstop . Figgins singled to right center . Guerrero walked , Figgins to second . Anderson doubled to left , Figgins scored , Guerrero to third . Guillen hit sacrifice fly to left , Guerrero scored , Anderson to third . Erstad grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . DeJesus singled to center . DeJesus stole second . Randa grounded out to first , DeJesus to third . Sweeney singled to center , DeJesus scored . Harvey singled to right , Sweeney to second . Nunez grounded into double play , second to first , Harvey out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Quinlan grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy grounded out to first . Paul struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Mateo grounded out to third . Relaford grounded out to second . Berroa tripled to deep right center . Castillo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Eckstein grounded out to third . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . DeJesus reached on bunt single to first . DeJesus caught stealing second , catcher to second . Randa struck out looking . Sweeney homered to left . Harvey flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Anderson struck out swinging . Guillen grounded out to third . Erstad grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Nunez grounded out to shortstop . Mateo flied out to right . Relaford singled to right center . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Relaford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Quinlan reached on infield single to third . Kennedy reached on infield single to second , Quinlan to second . Paul sacrificed to third , Quinlan to third , Kennedy to second . Eckstein hit sacrifice fly to center , Quinlan scored , Kennedy to third . Figgins popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Castillo singled to right . DeJesus sacrificed to third , Castillo to second . Randa singled to left , Castillo scored . Sweeney struck out swinging . Harvey struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Guerrero flied out to left . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Nunez struck out swinging . Mateo popped out to second . Relaford singled to left . Berroa flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Erstad grounded out to first . Quinlan singled to left . Kennedy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Quinlan out at second . Paul struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 7th . Castillo walked . DeJesus sacrificed to pitcher , Castillo to second . Randa flied out to center , Castillo to third . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Sweeney doubled to deep center , Castillo scored . Sweeney picked off second . Harvey batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Eckstein grounded out to pitcher . Figgins singled to left center . Guerrero lined out to second , Figgins to second on error by first baseman Harvey . Anderson struck out looking . Cerda pitching for Royals . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Harvey struck out looking . Nunez struck out looking . Field pitching for Royals . Mateo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Guillen homered to center . Erstad walked . Quinlan grounded out to shortstop , Erstad to second . Pride hit for Paul . Reyes pitching for Royals . Salmon hit for Pride . Kennedy intentionally walked . Salmon safe at first on error by right fielder Nunez , Erstad to third , Kennedy to second . Eckstein reached on bunt single to pitcher , Erstad scored , Kennedy to third , Salmon to second , Kennedy scored , Salmon to third , Eckstein to second on throwing error by pitcher Reyes . Figgins lined into double play , second to third , Salmon doubled off third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Amezaga at third base . Molina catching . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Relaford flied out to left . Gotay hit for Castillo . Berroa struck out swinging . Gotay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 6 - Royals 4 .	Angels squeeze another victory out of K.C.