Mariners - Top 1st . May pitching for Royals . Suzuki homered to right . Winn flied out to center . Martinez struck out swinging . Boone struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Madritsch pitching for Mariners . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop . Randa flied out to left . Sweeney flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . May pitching for Royals . Ibanez singled to left . Jacobsen doubled to deep right center , Ibanez to third . Olivo grounded out to pitcher . Leone walked . Lopez singled to center , Ibanez scored , Jacobsen to third , Leone to second . Suzuki singled to right , Jacobsen and Leone scored , Lopez to second . Winn tripled to deep right center , Lopez and Suzuki scored . Martinez singled to deep left , Winn scored , Martinez thrown out at second . Boone grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Madritsch pitching for Mariners . Harvey singled to center . Nunez singled to center , Harvey to second . Mateo walked , Harvey to third , Nunez to second . Relaford grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Harvey scored , Mateo out at second , Nunez to third . Randa at first base . Gotay at second base . Relaford at third base . Buck popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . May pitching for Royals . Ibanez doubled to deep left center . Kinney pitching for Royals . Jacobsen singled to left , Ibanez to third . Olivo struck out swinging . Leone popped out to second . Lopez hit by pitch , Jacobsen to second . Suzuki singled to center , Ibanez and Jacobsen scored , Lopez to third . Winn grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Madritsch pitching for Mariners . Blanco grounded out to shortstop . DeJesus grounded out to first . Randa walked . Gotay walked , Randa to second . Harvey hit by pitch , Randa to third , Gotay to second . Nunez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Kinney pitching for Royals . Martinez struck out swinging . Boone flied out to center . Ibanez singled to left . Jacobsen walked , Ibanez to second . Olivo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Madritsch pitching for Mariners . Mateo struck out looking . Relaford walked . Buck struck out swinging . Blanco reached on infield single to second , Relaford to second , Relaford to third , Blanco to first on throwing error by second baseman Boone . A Blanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 5th . Kinney pitching for Royals . Leone hit by pitch . Lopez lined out to third . Suzuki singled to right , Leone to third . Winn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Madritsch pitching for Mariners . DeJesus flied out to left . Randa doubled to left . Guiel hit for Harvey . Gotay grounded out to second , Randa to third . Guiel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Kinney pitching for Royals . Martinez grounded out to second . Boone homered to center . Ibanez reached on infield single to second . Jacobsen struck out swinging . Ibanez to second on wild pitch by Kinney . Ibanez to third on wild pitch by Vasquez . Bloomquist hit for Leone . Olivo hit by pitch . Vasquez pitching for Royals . Bloomquist at third base . Bloomquist struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Madritsch pitching for Mariners . Nunez grounded out to third . Mateo flied out to left . Relaford flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Vasquez pitching for Royals . Lopez struck out swinging . Suzuki walked . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Suzuki out at second . Martinez singled to center , Winn to third . Boone homered to left , Winn and Martinez scored . Ibanez singled to left . Jacobsen doubled to deep center , Ibanez to third . Olivo safe at first on error by shortstop Blanco , Ibanez scored , Jacobsen to third . Bocachica in right field . Cabrera at second base . Bloomquist struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 7th . Madritsch pitching for Mariners . Buck grounded out to third . Blanco walked . DeJesus struck out swinging . Randa singled to center , Blanco to third . Gotay popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Vasquez pitching for Royals . Lopez struck out swinging . Bocachica popped out to third . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Winn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Guiel struck out looking . Nunez grounded out to second . Cerda pitching for Royals . Guerrero at first base . Mateo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Cerda pitching for Royals . Martinez grounded out to first . Cabrera flied out to center . Ibanez walked . Jacobsen safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Relaford , Ibanez to third . Olivo singled to right , Ibanez scored , Jacobsen to third . Bloomquist singled to right , Jacobsen scored , Olivo to second . Nageotte pitching for Mariners . Lopez lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 9th . Nageotte pitching for Mariners . Relaford flied out to center . Buck singled to left . Blanco singled to center , Buck to second . DeJesus grounded out to first , Buck to third , Blanco to second . Guerrero singled to left , Buck scored , Blanco to third . Blanco scored , Guerrero to second on wild pitch by Nageotte . Gotay struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 16 - Royals 3 .	Seattle slew : Ichiro , Boone pummel Royals