Royals - Top 1st . Eveland pitching for Blue Jays . DeJesus grounded out to first . Bloomquist singled to center . Butler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bloomquist out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Davies pitching for Royals . Lewis hit ground rule double to left . Gonzalez flied out to center , Lewis to third . Lind hit sacrifice fly to center , Lewis scored . Wells grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Eveland pitching for Blue Jays . Guillen singled to center . Callaspo singled to left , Guillen to second . Ankiel grounded out to first , Guillen to third , Callaspo to second . Kendall singled to right , Guillen scored , Callaspo to third . Maier hit sacrifice fly to center , Callaspo scored . Betancourt singled to right center , Kendall to third . DeJesus struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Davies pitching for Royals . Overbay walked . Bautista grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Overbay out at second . Buck walked . Snider fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Eveland pitching for Blue Jays . Bloomquist safe at second on error by third baseman Bautista . Butler flied out to left . Guillen struck out swinging . Callaspo doubled to deep left , Bloomquist scored . Ankiel walked . Kendall flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Davies pitching for Royals . McCoy struck out looking . Lewis struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Eveland pitching for Blue Jays . Maier struck out swinging . Betancourt singled to center . Betancourt caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to first . DeJesus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Davies pitching for Royals . Lind struck out swinging . Wells homered to left ( 453 feet ) . Overbay struck out looking . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Eveland pitching for Blue Jays . Bloomquist singled to right . Butler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bloomquist out at second . Guillen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Davies pitching for Royals . Buck flied out to right . Snider grounded out to second . McCoy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Eveland pitching for Blue Jays . Callaspo walked . Ankiel grounded out to second , Callaspo to second . Kendall flied out to right . Maier flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Davies pitching for Royals . Lewis lined out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Lind grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Betancourt popped out to shortstop . DeJesus struck out looking . Bloomquist walked . Butler singled to center , Bloomquist to second . Guillen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Davies pitching for Royals . Wells doubled to deep left center . Overbay doubled to deep center , Wells to third . Bautista reached on infield single to second , Wells scored , Overbay to third . Buck reached on infield single to pitcher , Overbay scored , Bautista to second . Snider singled to left , Bautista to third , Buck to second . McCoy struck out looking . Lewis grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Bautista out at home . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Callaspo struck out looking . Ankiel grounded out to first . Kendall singled to left . Maier flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Rupe pitching for Royals . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Lind flied out to center . Wells doubled to left . Overbay grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Gregg pitching for Blue Jays . Betancourt grounded out to third . DeJesus grounded out to second . Bloomquist singled to shallow right center . Bloomquist to second on wild pitch by Gregg . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 3 - Blue Jays 4 .	Wells , Buck help Blue Jays nip slumping Royals