Rays - Top 1st . Mills pitching for Blue Jays . Upton struck out swinging . Johnson walked . Longoria flied out to center . Joyce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Shields pitching for Rays . Snider walked . Escobar doubled to deep left center , Snider scored . Bautista walked . Wells walked , Escobar to third , Bautista to second . Lind struck out swinging . Hill struck out looking . Overbay flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Mills pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar walked . Zobrist grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Aybar out at second . Jaso grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Shields pitching for Rays . Encarnacion hit ground rule double to deep right center . Arencibia homered to left ( 378 feet ) , Encarnacion scored . Snider walked . Escobar lined out to third . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Snider safe at second on error by shortstop Bartlett . Wells lined into double play , shortstop to second , Snider doubled off second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 3rd . Mills pitching for Blue Jays . Bartlett walked . Brignac lined out to right . Upton doubled to deep center , Bartlett scored . Upton stole third . Johnson singled to center , Upton scored . Longoria grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Shields pitching for Rays . Lind homered to right ( 434 feet ) . Hill homered to left ( 357 feet ) . Overbay flied out to center . Encarnacion homered to left ( 412 feet ) . Arencibia doubled to deep right . Snider flied out to center . Arencibia to third on wild pitch by Shields . Escobar flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Mills pitching for Blue Jays . Joyce flied out to right . Aybar grounded out to third . Zobrist grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Shields pitching for Rays . Bautista homered to left ( 424 feet ) . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Lind flied out to center . Hill homered to left ( 354 feet ) . Overbay grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Mills pitching for Blue Jays . Jaso singled to right center . Bartlett singled to right , Jaso to second . Brignac singled to left , Jaso to third , Bartlett to second . Upton walked , Jaso scored , Bartlett to third , Brignac to second . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson hit sacrifice fly to right , Bartlett scored , Brignac to third . Longoria grounded out to shortstop , Brignac scored , Upton to second . Joyce struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Thayer pitching for Rays . Encarnacion popped out to second . Arencibia singled to left . Snider singled to center , Arencibia to second . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop , Arencibia to third , Snider to second . Bautista struck out swinging . Wells reached on infield single to third , Arencibia scored , Snider to third , Escobar to second . Lind singled to right center , Snider and Escobar scored , Wells to third . Hill doubled to left , Wells and Lind scored . Overbay grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar grounded out to second . Zobrist grounded out to pitcher . Jaso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Thayer pitching for Rays . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Arencibia homered to right ( 347 feet ) . Snider flied out to center . Escobar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Bartlett flied out to center . Brignac struck out swinging . Rodriguez hit for Upton . Rodriguez safe at first on error by third baseman Encarnacion . Johnson homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Rodriguez scored . Kapler hit for Longoria . Kapler grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez at third base . Kapler in center field . Qualls pitching for Rays . Bautista walked . Wells walked , Bautista to second . Lind flied out to left . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wells out at second , Bautista to third . McDonald ran for Hill . Overbay homered to right ( 402 feet ) , Bautista and McDonald scored . Encarnacion singled to center . Arencibia fouled out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Wise in right field . McDonald at second base . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Joyce grounded out to first . Aybar flied out to left . Zobrist grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Choate pitching for Rays . Snider singled to center . Escobar singled to center , Snider to second . Wise grounded into double play , third to second , Snider out at third , Escobar out at second , Wise to first . Wells grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Purcey pitching for Blue Jays . Jaso walked . Bartlett doubled to left , Jaso to third . Brignac hit sacrifice fly to left , Jaso scored , Bartlett scored on throwing error by left fielder Snider . Rodriguez singled to left . Rodriguez to second on fielder 's indifference . Johnson walked . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Kapler doubled to right center , Rodriguez scored , Johnson to third . Joyce walked . Aybar grounded out to first , Johnson scored , Kapler to third , Joyce to second . Zobrist struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 11 - Blue Jays 17 .	Blue Jays rookie leads 8 - homer rout of Rays