Mariners - Top 1st. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. Lopez grounded out to third. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Fowler grounded out to first. Tulowitzki singled to center. Spilborghs struck out looking. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tulowitzki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Beltre flied out to center. Branyan struck out swinging. Johjima singled to right. Balentien struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Hawpe grounded out to second. Baker popped out to second. Barmes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Betancourt homered to left. Rowland-Smith struck out swinging. Gutierrez singled to right. Lopez singled to right, Gutierrez to third. Griffey Jr singled to right, Gutierrez scored, Lopez to third. Beltre struck out swinging. Branyan struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Torrealba grounded out to third. Marquis safe at second on error by shortstop Betancourt. Fowler struck out looking. Tulowitzki singled to left, Marquis scored. Tulowitzki to second on wild pitch by Rowland-Smith. Spilborghs fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 4th. Johjima homered to left center. Balentien popped out to pitcher. Betancourt struck out looking. Rowland-Smith grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Wilson in left field. Tuiasosopo at third base. Atkins singled to left. Hawpe doubled to shallow right, Atkins to third. Baker doubled to left, Atkins and Hawpe scored. Barmes bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Baker out at third. Torrealba doubled to deep right, Barmes scored. Batista pitching for Mariners. Marquis singled to center, Torrealba scored, Marquis out stretching at second. Fowler grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Smith in left field. Gutierrez reached on bunt single to pitcher. Gutierrez stole second. Lopez grounded out to first, Gutierrez to third. Wilson lined out to second. Tuiasosopo singled to center, Gutierrez scored. Branyan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Smith walked. Atkins flied out to center. Hawpe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Quintanilla at shortstop. Stewart at second base. Johjima doubled to right center. Balentien grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt singled to left center, Johjima to third. Cedeno hit for Batista. Cedeno grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Betancourt out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Gillies in center field. Burke catching. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Cedeno at shortstop. Baker lined out to first. Stewart struck out looking. Torrealba singled to center. Marquis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Colonel at first base. Ortmeier in right field. Morillo pitching for Rockies. Gillies safe at first on error by second baseman Stewart. Gillies to second on balk by Morillo. Lopez grounded out to second, Gillies to third. Wilson singled to left center, Gillies scored. Wilson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Tuiasosopo singled to center. Tuiasosopo to second on wild pitch by Morillo. Branyan walked. Burke flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Burke at second base. Woodward at first base. Aardsma pitching for Mariners. Fowler struck out looking. Quintanilla struck out swinging. Smith singled to center. Smith caught stealing second, catcher to second. Colonel batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Balentien grounded out to third. Woodward grounded out to shortstop. Cedeno grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Colonel struck out swinging. Ortmeier singled to right, Ortmeier to second on error by right fielder Balentien. Baker struck out swinging, Ortmeier stole third. Stewart popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Gillies grounded out to second. Burke flied out to right. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. White pitching for Mariners. Torrealba singled to center. Herrera hit for Corpas. Herrera struck out swinging. Fowler singled to right, Torrealba to second. Quintanilla walked, Torrealba to third, Fowler to second. Smith singled to deep center, Torrealba scored, Fowler to third, Quintanilla to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Rockies 6.	Rockies 6, Mariners 5