Tigers - Top 1st. Silva pitching for Mariners. Granderson grounded out to third. Polanco singled to right. Ordonez singled to right, Polanco to second. Cabrera flied out to center. Guillen lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Suzuki grounded out to first. Chavez reached on infield single to second. Griffey Jr grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Inge grounded out to third. Anderson doubled to deep right. Anderson stole third. Santiago singled to left, Anderson scored. Treanor grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Santiago out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Beltre singled to right center. Lopez popped out to second. Betancourt singled to left, Beltre to second. Burke grounded into double play, second to first, Betancourt out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Granderson flied out to center. Polanco grounded out to third. Ordonez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Cedeno homered to left. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Chavez struck out swinging. Griffey Jr grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Cabrera walked. Guillen singled to right, Cabrera to third. Inge doubled to left, Cabrera scored, Guillen to third. Guillen scored, Inge to third on wild pitch by Silva. Anderson grounded out to second. Santiago sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Inge scored. Treanor popped out to second. Santiago caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Granderson batting. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Beltre grounded out to second. Lopez flied out to center. Betancourt fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Granderson grounded out to first. Polanco flied out to right. Ordonez lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Burke grounded out to third. Cedeno grounded out to second. Gutierrez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Cabrera struck out swinging, Cabrera safe at first on wild pitch by Lowe. Guillen singled to right, Cabrera to third. Inge walked, Guillen to second. Anderson singled to center, Cabrera scored, Guillen to third, Inge to second. Santiago flied out to left. Treanor grounded into double play, third to first, Inge out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Suzuki flied out to center. Chavez struck out swinging. Griffey Jr grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Granderson singled to left center. Polanco flied out to right. Ordonez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Granderson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Beltre lined out to third. Lopez flied out to left. Betancourt lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Cabrera singled to right. Guillen lined out to shortstop. Inge safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt, Cabrera to second. Anderson safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt, Cabrera to third, Inge to second. Santiago doubled to deep left, Cabrera, Inge and Anderson scored. Treanor struck out looking. Granderson struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Perry pitching for Tigers. Burke struck out swinging. Cedeno flied out to left. Gutierrez singled to left. Suzuki reached on infield single to first, Gutierrez to second. Seay pitching for Tigers. Chavez singled to right center, Gutierrez scored, Suzuki to second. Griffey Jr grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Kelley pitching for Mariners. Polanco lined out to right. Ordonez walked. Cabrera singled to center, Ordonez to second. Guillen struck out looking. Ordonez to third, Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Kelley. Inge flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Lyon pitching for Tigers. Beltre struck out swinging. Lopez doubled to deep left. Betancourt struck out swinging. Sweeney hit for Burke. Sweeney singled to left, Lopez to third. Cedeno flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 8 - Mariners 2.	Porcello. Santiago help Tigers get by Mariners