Mariners - Top 1st. Danks pitching for White Sox. Suzuki singled to right center. Chavez sacrificed to pitcher, Suzuki to second. Suzuki stole third. Sweeney singled to left center, Suzuki scored. Beltre grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sweeney out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Anderson grounded out to third. Fields grounded out to second. Quentin lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Lopez flied out to left. Branyan reached on infield single to third. Balentien singled to left, Branyan to second. Betancourt homered to left, Branyan and Balentien scored. Burke struck out swinging. Suzuki struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Dye struck out swinging. Konerko struck out looking. Pierzynski grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney fouled out to first. Beltre grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Betemit struck out swinging. Ramirez singled to center. Lillibridge popped out to third. Ramirez stole second. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Lopez singled to left. Branyan doubled to right, Lopez to third. Balentien hit sacrifice fly to right, Lopez scored. Betancourt singled to left, Branyan to third. Burke walked, Betancourt to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to first, Branyan out at home, Betancourt to third, Burke to second. Chavez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Fields singled to left. Quentin struck out swinging. Dye singled to center, Fields to second. Konerko struck out swinging. Pierzynski flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Sweeney grounded out to second. Beltre struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Betemit struck out looking. Ramirez lined out to third. Lillibridge flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Branyan doubled to deep right. Balentien grounded out to second, Branyan to third. Betancourt singled to center, Branyan scored. Betancourt stole second. Burke flied out to right. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop, Betancourt to third. Chavez flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Anderson grounded out to third. Fields grounded out to third. Quentin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Sweeney grounded out to third. Beltre flied out to center. Lopez walked. Branyan singled to left center, Lopez to second. Balentien singled to left, Lopez to third, Branyan to second. Betancourt singled to center, Lopez scored, Branyan to third, Balentien to second. Broadway pitching for White Sox. Burke grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Dye struck out swinging. Konerko singled to right. Pierzynski grounded into double play, third to second to first, Konerko out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Anderson in right field. Owens in center field. Broadway pitching for White Sox. Suzuki flied out to left. Chavez fouled out to catcher. Sweeney doubled to left. Beltre reached on infield single to second, Sweeney to third. Lopez singled to center, Sweeney scored, Beltre to third. Branyan singled to right, Beltre scored, Lopez to second. Balentien flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Betemit grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Lillibridge walked. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Broadway pitching for White Sox. Betancourt safe at first on error by pitcher Broadway. Burke singled to left, Betancourt to second. Suzuki grounded out to first, Betancourt to third, Burke to second. Chavez flied out to center. Sweeney flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Fields singled to right. Quentin flied out to right. Owens walked, Fields to second. Konerko singled to center, Fields scored, Owens to third. Pierzynski grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Konerko out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 9 - White Sox 1.	Mariners' big bats salvage split with White Sox