Athletics - Top 1st. Silva pitching for Mariners. Sweeney struck out looking. Cabrera singled to center. Giambi flied out to center. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on infield single to first. Chavez walked, Suzuki to second. Sweeney walked, Suzuki to third, Chavez to second. Beltre struck out swinging. Branyan hit sacrifice fly to right, Suzuki scored, Chavez to third. Lopez flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Cust doubled to deep right. Suzuki grounded out to third. Buck grounded out to shortstop, Cust to third. Crosby struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Johjima flied out to center. Gutierrez reached on infield single to third. Betancourt singled to left, Gutierrez to second. Suzuki flied out to center. Chavez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Patterson flied out to left. Sweeney doubled to right. Cabrera flied out to center. Giambi walked. Holliday singled to center, Sweeney scored, Giambi to second. Cust walked, Giambi to third, Holliday to second. Suzuki doubled to deep left, Giambi and Holliday scored, Cust to third. Buck walked. Crosby tripled to deep right center, Cust, Suzuki and Buck scored. Patterson flied out to left. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Sweeney reached on infield single to shortstop. Beltre singled to left, Sweeney to second. Branyan grounded out to second, Sweeney to third, Beltre to second. Lopez singled to left, Sweeney and Beltre scored. Johjima struck out swinging. Gutierrez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera flied out to right. Giambi walked. Batista pitching for Mariners. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to second, Giambi out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Betancourt reached on bunt single to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. Chavez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Betancourt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Cust walked. Suzuki lined into double play, third to first, Cust doubled off first. Buck lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Sweeney walked. Beltre flied out to left. Branyan homered to center, Sweeney scored. Lopez lined out to second. Johjima singled to center. Gutierrez homered to left, Johjima scored. Giese pitching for Athletics. Betancourt flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Crosby walked. Patterson flied out to center. Sweeney grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop, Crosby out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Giese pitching for Athletics. Suzuki flied out to center. Chavez grounded out to second. Sweeney popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. White pitching for Mariners. Cabrera grounded out to second. Giambi flied out to right. Holliday homered to left. Cust lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Giese pitching for Athletics. Beltre grounded out to pitcher. Branyan grounded out to first. Lopez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. White pitching for Mariners. Suzuki doubled to deep right. Buck bunt popped out foul to catcher. Crosby walked. Kelley pitching for Mariners. Patterson flied out to left. Sweeney flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Giese pitching for Athletics. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. Gutierrez grounded out to third. Betancourt popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Kelley pitching for Mariners. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. Giambi struck out looking. Holliday struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Springer pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to second. Chavez singled to right. Sweeney walked, Chavez to second. Beltre flied out to right, Chavez to third. Branyan intentionally walked, Sweeney to second. Lopez singled to right, Chavez scored, Sweeney to third, Branyan to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - Mariners 8.	Lopez's walk-off single lifts Mariners over A's