Angels - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Figgins singled to left center. Izturis walked, Figgins to second. Abreu singled to center, Figgins scored, Izturis to second. Hunter singled to right center, Izturis scored, Abreu to third. Morales struck out swinging. Hunter stole second. Napoli struck out looking. Matthews grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Palmer pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to third. Gutierrez grounded out to third. Griffey Jr homered to right. Beltre grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Rivera flied out to right. Kendrick grounded out to third. Figgins singled to left. Figgins stole second. Izturis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Palmer pitching for Angels. Branyan walked. Lopez fouled out to first. Johjima flied out to right. Cedeno homered to left, Branyan scored. Chavez singled to right. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chavez out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Abreu grounded out to first. Hunter singled to right center. Hunter stole second. Hunter caught stealing third, catcher to third. Morales hit ground rule double to deep right center. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Palmer pitching for Angels. Gutierrez lined out to second. Griffey Jr walked. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Griffey Jr out at second. Branyan grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Beltre out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Matthews walked. Rivera grounded out to third, Matthews to second. Kendrick singled to shallow center, Matthews scored. Figgins popped out to shortstop. Kendrick caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Izturis batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Lopez grounded out to third. Johjima reached on infield single to shortstop. Cedeno hit by pitch, Johjima to second. Chavez flied out to left. Suzuki doubled to left, Johjima scored, Cedeno to third. Gutierrez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Izturis singled to right. Abreu singled to right, Izturis to second. Hunter grounded out to shortstop, Izturis to third, Abreu to second. Izturis scored, Abreu to third on wild pitch by Hernandez. Morales walked. Napoli safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez, Abreu scored, Morales to second. Matthews grounded out to second, Morales to third, Napoli to second. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Griffey Jr walked. Beltre struck out swinging. Branyan singled to right center, Griffey Jr to third. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Branyan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Figgins popped out to third. Izturis singled to center. Izturis stole second. Abreu doubled to deep right center, Izturis scored. White pitching for Mariners. Hunter flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Johjima doubled to deep left. Bulger pitching for Angels. Cedeno sacrificed to pitcher, Johjima to third. Chavez grounded out to second, Johjima scored. Suzuki struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. White pitching for Mariners. Morales grounded out to second. Napoli grounded out to third. Matthews singled to left. Rivera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Bulger pitching for Angels. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Griffey Jr flied out to right. Beltre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Kendrick reached on infield single to shortstop. Figgins lined into double play, shortstop to first, Kendrick doubled off first. Izturis singled to left. Izturis caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Abreu batting. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Branyan flied out to left. Lopez struck out looking. Johjima flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Abreu walked. Abreu stole second. Hunter lined out to center. Morales struck out swinging. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Fuentes pitching for Angels. Cedeno struck out swinging. Balentien hit for Chavez. Balentien struck out looking. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 6 - Mariners 5.	Abreu, Angels beat M's; Palmer improves to 5-0