Padres - Top 1st. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Gwynn struck out swinging. Eckstein flied out to right. Hairston popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Geer pitching for Padres. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Branyan grounded out to first, Suzuki to second. Beltre walked. Griffey Jr walked, Suzuki to third, Beltre to second. Gutierrez reached on infield single to shortstop, Beltre hit by batted ball out at third, Griffey Jr to second. Balentien grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez singled to right. Kouzmanoff homered to left, Gonzalez scored. Headley flied out to left. Venable grounded out to first. Alfonzo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Geer pitching for Padres. Betancourt singled to right center. Johnson struck out swinging. Cedeno singled to left, Betancourt to second. Suzuki singled to left, Betancourt to third, Cedeno to second, Betancourt thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. Branyan homered to center, Cedeno and Suzuki scored. Beltre doubled to deep left. Griffey Jr struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Cabrera singled to center. Gwynn bunt popped into double play, to pitcher, Cabrera out at first. Eckstein flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Geer pitching for Padres. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Balentien flied out to center. Betancourt doubled to deep left. Johnson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Hairston lined out to third. Gonzalez walked. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Geer pitching for Padres. Cedeno flied out to right. Suzuki grounded out to second. Branyan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Headley struck out swinging. Venable singled to right. Alfonzo singled to left, Venable to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Gwynn singled to left, Venable scored, Alfonzo to second, Alfonzo thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Geer pitching for Padres. Beltre lined out to third. Griffey Jr grounded out to catcher. Gutierrez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Hairston popped out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Geer pitching for Padres. Balentien popped out to shortstop. Betancourt walked. Johnson popped out to second. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. Headley lined out to center. Venable struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Adams pitching for Padres. Suzuki flied out to center. Branyan struck out looking. Beltre singled to left. Griffey Jr flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. White pitching for Mariners. Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera lined out to left. Gwynn walked. Eckstein singled to left, Gwynn to second. Hairston fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Gutierrez homered to left. Balentien singled to right. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Balentien out at second. Woodward ran for Betancourt. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Woodward out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Woodward at second base. Cedeno at shortstop. Aardsma pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. Headley walked. Venable struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 3 - Mariners 4.	Gutierrez homers in eighth to lift M's over Pads