Orioles - Top 1st. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Jones singled to right center. Markakis struck out looking. Wigginton walked, Jones to second. Huff struck out swinging. Reimold grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Orioles. Suzuki popped out to shortstop. Woodward singled to left. Branyan flied out to center. Lopez homered to left, Woodward scored. Gutierrez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Scott grounded out to second. Mora doubled to deep right center. Zaun struck out swinging. Andino grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Orioles. Langerhans singled to deep right center, Langerhans to second on error by right fielder Markakis. Johjima grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Langerhans out at third. Balentien struck out swinging. Cedeno popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Jones grounded out to first. Markakis flied out to left. Wigginton walked. Huff singled to right, Wigginton to second. Reimold struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Orioles. Suzuki flied out to center. Woodward popped out to shortstop. Branyan walked. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Scott walked. Mora walked, Scott to second. Zaun struck out swinging. Andino flied out to left. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Orioles. Gutierrez lined out to left. Langerhans lined out to right. Johjima singled to shallow left. Balentien lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Markakis walked. Wigginton grounded into double play, second to first, Markakis out at second. Huff grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Orioles. Cedeno popped out to second. Suzuki lined out to first. Woodward walked. Branyan flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Reimold struck out looking. Scott flied out to center. Mora popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Orioles. Lopez popped out to shortstop. Gutierrez singled to left. Langerhans flied out to left. Johjima flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Zaun singled to right. Salazar hit for Andino. Salazar walked, Zaun to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Zaun safe at third on error by third baseman Woodward, Salazar to second. Olson pitching for Mariners. Markakis struck out swinging. Wigginton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Salazar at shortstop. Bass pitching for Orioles. Balentien grounded out to third. Cedeno struck out swinging. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Huff lined out to center. Reimold struck out looking. Scott struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Bass pitching for Orioles. Woodward grounded out to shortstop. Branyan flied out to center. Lopez doubled to left. Gutierrez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Salazar, Lopez scored. Langerhans intentionally walked. Johjima struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 9th. Aardsma pitching for Mariners. Mora doubled to deep right center. Zaun walked. Salazar singled to left center, Mora to third, Zaun to second. Pie ran for Salazar. Jones reached on infield single to third, Mora scored, Zaun to third, Pie to second. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zaun scored, Pie to third, Jones safe at second on error by second baseman Lopez. Wigginton singled to center, Pie and Jones scored, Markakis to second. White pitching for Mariners. Huff grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wigginton out at second, Markakis to third. Roberts hit for Reimold. Huff caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Roberts safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Lopez, Markakis scored. Scott singled to right center, Roberts to third. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Scott out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Pie in left field. Roberts at second base. Wigginton at shortstop. Scott at first base. Bass pitching for Orioles. Balentien struck out swinging. Pie in left field. Roberts at second base. Wigginton at shortstop. Scott at first base. Balentien struck out swinging. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki singled to left. Griffey Jr hit for Woodward. Griffey Jr grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 5 - Mariners 3.	Orioles score five in ninth, rally past Mariners