Mariners - Top 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Suzuki flied out to center. Branyan doubled to deep center. Lopez grounded out to third. Griffey Jr grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Olson pitching for Mariners. Sizemore singled to center. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Sizemore scored. Choo struck out swinging. Cabrera caught stealing third, catcher to third. Martinez walked. Hafner lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Gutierrez popped out to shortstop. Langerhans grounded out to first. Johjima singled to left. Woodward grounded into fielder's choice to third, Johjima out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Olson pitching for Mariners. Peralta grounded out to third. Francisco safe at second on error by first baseman Branyan. Carroll doubled to deep left, Francisco scored. Shoppach walked. Sizemore singled to right, Carroll scored, Shoppach to third. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sizemore out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Cedeno flied out to center. Suzuki singled to left. Branyan grounded into fielder's choice to first, Suzuki out at second. Lopez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Olson pitching for Mariners. Choo singled to left. Martinez struck out swinging. Choo caught stealing second, catcher to second. Hafner walked. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Peralta singled to left, Hafner to second. Hafner to third, Peralta to second on wild pitch by Jakubauskas. Francisco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Griffey Jr bunt grounded out to pitcher. Gutierrez doubled to deep left. Langerhans flied out to center. Johjima grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Carroll grounded out to third. Shoppach grounded out to shortstop. Sizemore flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. Woodward struck out swinging. Cedeno homered to right. Suzuki grounded out to second. Branyan struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Cabrera safe at first on error by pitcher Jakubauskas. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera out at second. Choo to second on wild pitch by Jakubauskas. Martinez struck out looking. Hafner intentionally walked. Peralta singled to left center, Choo scored, Hafner to second. Francisco fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Lee pitching for Indians. Lopez singled to left. Griffey Jr flied out to right. Gutierrez flied out to right. Langerhans grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Kelley pitching for Mariners. Carroll grounded out to first. Shoppach singled to left. Sizemore flied out to left. Cabrera reached on infield single to first, Shoppach to second, Shoppach to third on throwing error by first baseman Branyan. Choo lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 7th. Lee pitching for Indians. Johjima singled to right. Woodward struck out swinging. Cedeno grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johjima out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Martinez grounded out to second. Hafner reached on infield single to second. Peralta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hafner out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Lee pitching for Indians. Suzuki grounded out to second. Branyan struck out looking. Lopez singled to left. Griffey Jr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Francisco safe at first on error by third baseman Woodward. Carroll bunt popped out to first. Shoppach struck out swinging. Sizemore grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Lee pitching for Indians. Gutierrez grounded out to second. Shelton hit for Langerhans. Shelton grounded out to second. Johjima reached on infield single to second. Woodward struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 1 - Indians 4.	Lee logs rare win as Indians clip error-prone M's