Blue Jays - Top 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Scutaro flied out to right. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Wells flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Suzuki to second on balk by Rzepczynski. Gutierrez sacrificed to pitcher, Suzuki to third. Sweeney grounded out to second, Suzuki scored. Shelton flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Rolen singled to right. Rios flied out to center. Overbay grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Rolen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Hannahan singled to center. Johnson struck out swinging. Woodward walked, Hannahan to second. Hannahan to third, Woodward to second on wild pitch by Rzepczynski. Saunders struck out swinging. Cedeno struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Millar flied out to right. Bautista grounded out to third. Chavez walked. Chavez caught stealing second, catcher to second. Scutaro batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki struck out swinging. Gutierrez flied out to right. Sweeney flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Scutaro lined out to third. Hill grounded out to third. Wells fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Shelton struck out looking. Hannahan struck out swinging. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Rolen singled to center. Rios flied out to left. Overbay struck out swinging. Millar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Woodward grounded out to pitcher. Saunders struck out swinging. Cedeno lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Bautista grounded out to third. Chavez singled to center. Scutaro walked, Chavez to second. Hill lined out to first. Wells flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki walked. Gutierrez singled to left, Suzuki to second. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gutierrez out at second, Suzuki to third. Shelton doubled to deep right, Suzuki scored, Sweeney to third. Hannahan singled to right, Sweeney scored, Shelton to third. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hannahan out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Rolen singled to center. Rios singled to left, Rolen to second. Overbay flied out to center, Rolen to third. Millar walked, Rios to second. Bautista hit sacrifice fly to center, Rolen scored, Rios to third. Inglett ran for Millar. Chavez lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Woodward grounded out to third. Saunders grounded out to first. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Scutaro doubled to deep right. Hill doubled to deep center, Scutaro scored. Wells popped out to second. Rolen fouled out to third. Rios doubled to left, Hill scored. Overbay struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki singled to center. Gutierrez grounded out to third, Suzuki to second. Sweeney grounded out to second, Suzuki to third. Shelton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Aardsma pitching for Mariners. Inglett singled to center. Bautista sacrificed to pitcher, Inglett to second. Lind hit for Chavez. Lind flied out to left. Scutaro fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Barajas catching. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Hannahan singled to left. Johnson walked, Hannahan to second. Woodward reached on bunt single to pitcher, Hannahan to third, Johnson to second. Lopez hit for Saunders. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hannahan out at home, Johnson to third, Woodward to second. Cedeno struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to center, Johnson scored, Woodward to third, Lopez to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 3 - Mariners 4.	Ichiro's 2-out hit in 9th lifts Mariners over Jays