Mariners - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to catcher. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. French pitching for Mariners. Kennedy walked. Davis flied out to center. Suzuki grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kennedy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Sweeney homered to left. Beltre walked. Hall struck out swinging. Wilson singled to right, Beltre to second. Wilson walked, Beltre to third, Wilson to second. Johnson singled to center, Beltre and Wilson scored, Wilson to second. Suzuki reached on infield single to first, Wilson to third, Johnson to second. Gutierrez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. French pitching for Mariners. Hairston flied out to center. Garciaparra popped out to second. Ellis doubled to left. Ellis to third on wild pitch by French. Cust flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Lopez flied out to center. Sweeney singled to center. Beltre struck out swinging. Hall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. French pitching for Mariners. Barton walked. Pennington homered to left, Barton scored. Kennedy doubled to left. Davis singled to right, Kennedy to third. Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to center, Kennedy scored, Davis to second. Davis stole third. Hairston grounded out to second, Davis scored. Garciaparra lined out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Wilson struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Johnson lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. French pitching for Mariners. Ellis grounded out to first. Cust singled to right. Cust caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Barton walked. Pennington singled to center, Barton to third. Kennedy singled to center, Barton scored, Pennington to third. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Davis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Suzuki struck out swinging. Gutierrez lined out to right. Lopez singled to right. Sweeney singled to center, Lopez to second. Beltre grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Hairston struck out swinging. Garciaparra fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Hall struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to third. Wilson singled to right. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Ellis flied out to right. Cust lined out to right. Barton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Sweeney in right field. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to center. Gutierrez walked, Suzuki to second. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gutierrez out at second, Suzuki to third. Sweeney struck out swinging. Beltre grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Pennington doubled to deep right. Kennedy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pennington out at third. Davis grounded into double play, second to first, Kennedy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Hall struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Wilson walked. Griffey Jr hit for Johnson. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Johjima catching. Batista pitching for Mariners. Suzuki singled to center. Hairston fouled out to first. Garciaparra singled to right center, Suzuki to third. Patterson ran for Garciaparra. Ellis doubled to deep center, Suzuki and Patterson scored. Sweeney doubled to left, Ellis to third. Barton doubled to deep left center, Ellis and Sweeney scored. Pennington walked. Messenger pitching for Mariners. Kennedy flied out to left. Davis struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to left. Gutierrez flied out to right. Lopez homered to left, Suzuki scored. Sweeney singled to center. Beltre popped out to shortstop. Hall struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Athletics 9.	Pennington's homer helps A's power past M's