Rangers - Top 1st . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Glanville singled to right . Blalock grounded out to third , Glanville to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Eckstein hit by pitch . Erstad singled to left , Eckstein to second . Salmon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Erstad out at second , Eckstein to third . Anderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Palmeiro walked . Sierra popped out to shallow left . Teixeira lined out to third . Greene struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Fullmer grounded out to third . Glaus homered to left center . Spiezio struck out swinging . Molina flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Clark grounded out to second . Glanville homered to left center . Blalock walked . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blalock out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Kennedy singled to center . Eckstein singled to right , Kennedy thrown out at third . Erstad flied out to deep right center . Eckstein stole second . Salmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Palmeiro struck out swinging . Sierra doubled to right center . Teixeira fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Anderson doubled to left . Fullmer homered to right , Anderson scored . Glaus singled to left . Spiezio grounded out to second , Glaus to second . Molina doubled to left center , Glaus scored . Kennedy singled to shallow center , Molina to third . Kennedy stole second . Eckstein hit sacrifice fly to center , Molina scored . Erstad fouled out to third . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Greene popped out to second . Clark flied out to center . Glanville singled to shallow right . Blalock reached on infield single to shortstop , Glanville to second . Rodriguez homered to right center , Glanville and Blalock scored . Gonzalez singled to left . Palmeiro flied out to left . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Salmon struck out swinging . Anderson safe at first on error by second baseman Blalock . Fultz pitching for Rangers . Fullmer flied out to right . Glaus walked , Anderson to second . Spiezio singled to center , Anderson scored , Glaus to third . Molina doubled to left , Glaus and Spiezio scored . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Kennedy fouled out to left . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Sierra safe at first on error by right fielder Salmon . Teixeira flied out to shallow center . Gil at second base . Greene popped out to shortstop . Clark walked . Garcia pitching for Rangers . Glanville struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for Rangers . Eckstein struck out swinging . Erstad homered to right . Salmon popped out to second . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Anderson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Blalock struck out looking . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Powell pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Powell pitching for Rangers . Fullmer lined out to pitcher . Glaus walked . Spiezio walked , Glaus to second . Molina singled to left , Glaus scored , Spiezio to second . Gil grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second , Spiezio to third , Spiezio scored on throwing error by second baseman Blalock . Eckstein grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Palmeiro homered to right . Sierra grounded out to third . Teixeira grounded out to second . Greene singled to left . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Owens hit for Erstad . Clark grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Owens flied out to center . Salmon struck out swinging . Owens in right field . Percival pitching for Angels . Ramirez in center field . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Percival pitching for Angels . Glanville safe at first on error by second baseman Gil . Blalock singled to center , Glanville to second . Rodriguez fouled out to first . Glanville to third , Blalock to second on wild pitch by Percival . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Palmeiro flied out to deep right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 5 - Angels 11 .	Angels rout Rangers despite A - Rod 's 300th