Mariners - Top 1st . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to third . Winn struck out looking . Boone struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Eckstein struck out looking . Erstad hit by pitch . Salmon grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Erstad out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Martinez doubled to center . Olerud walked . Martinez to third , Olerud to second on passed ball by Molina . McLemore hit sacrifice fly to center , Martinez scored . Cameron doubled to left , Olerud scored . Guillen grounded out to first , Cameron to third . Wilson walked . Suzuki flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Anderson popped out to shortstop . Glaus struck out looking . Wooten singled to center . Wooten caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Fullmer batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Winn bunt grounded out to catcher . Boone flied out to right . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Fullmer grounded out to first . Molina walked . Gil singled to left , Molina to second . Eckstein flied out to right center . Erstad walked , Molina to third , Gil to second . Salmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Olerud struck out swinging . McLemore flied out to center . Cameron grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Anderson lined out to first . Glaus singled to left . Wooten struck out looking . Fullmer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Glaus out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Guillen flied out to shallow left center . Wilson doubled to right center . Suzuki popped out to shallow left . Winn walked . Boone homered to right center , Wilson and Winn scored . Martinez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Molina singled to center . Gil grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . Eckstein singled to right center . Erstad popped out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Olerud grounded out to pitcher . McLemore grounded out to second . Cameron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Salmon flied out to left . Anderson grounded out to second . Glaus singled to left . Wooten grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Glaus out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Guillen flied out to left . Wilson flied out to right . Suzuki lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Fullmer singled to right . Molina popped out to shallow left . Gil popped out to shallow left . Eckstein flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Winn grounded out to shortstop . Boone singled to right center . Martinez flied out to right . Olerud doubled to right center , Boone scored . Schoeneweis pitching for Angels . Rhodes pitching for Mariners . McLemore grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Rhodes pitching for Mariners . Erstad reached on infield single to second . Salmon singled to left , Erstad to second . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Salmon out at second , Erstad to third . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Glaus struck out looking . Wooten singled to center , Erstad scored , Anderson to third . Fullmer reached on infield single to shortstop , Anderson scored , Wooten to second . Molina flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Schoeneweis pitching for Angels . Cameron doubled to right center . Guillen doubled to left , Cameron scored . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guillen out at third . Suzuki grounded out to second , Wilson to second . Winn walked . Weber pitching for Angels . Boone singled to right , Wilson scored , Winn to third . Martinez walked , Boone to second . Bloomquist ran for Martinez . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Spiezio hit for Gil . Olerud grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Spiezio reached on infield single to first . Eckstein singled to left center , Spiezio to second . Erstad grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Eckstein out at second , Spiezio to third . Salmon popped out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Angels 2 .	Century mark : Moyer picks up win No . 100