Athletics - Top 1st . Sele pitching for Angels . McMillon homered to center . Ellis singled to left . Durazo flied out to deep left . Tejada doubled to right center , Ellis scored . Chavez flied out to left . Hatteberg flied out to shallow center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Harden pitching for Athletics . Eckstein singled to left . Erstad grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Eckstein out at second . Salmon flied out to deep left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Sele pitching for Angels . Piatt struck out swinging . Melhuse walked . Singleton walked , Melhuse to second . McMillon flied out to left . Ellis flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Harden pitching for Athletics . Anderson walked . Spiezio grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . Wooten singled to left . Davanon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Sele pitching for Angels . Durazo grounded out to shortstop . Tejada singled to right . Chavez safe at first on error by first baseman Wooten , Tejada to third . Hatteberg singled to right center , Tejada scored , Chavez to third . Piatt doubled to left , Chavez scored , Hatteberg to third . Melhuse struck out looking . Singleton grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Harden pitching for Athletics . Kennedy singled to right . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kennedy out at second . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Sele pitching for Angels . McMillon lined out to second . Ellis fouled out to second . Durazo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Erstad struck out swinging . Salmon singled to left . Anderson singled to right , Salmon to third . Spiezio grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Sele pitching for Angels . Tejada grounded out to third . Chavez struck out looking . Hatteberg singled to right . Piatt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Wooten flied out to left . Davanon singled to left . Kennedy grounded out to second , Davanon to second . Molina singled to center , Davanon scored . Molina to second on wild pitch by Harden . Shields pitching for Angels . Eckstein flied out to deep left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Shields pitching for Angels . Melhuse struck out swinging . Singleton grounded out to first . McMillon singled to right . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McMillon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Erstad flied out to deep right . Salmon struck out swinging . Anderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Shields pitching for Angels . Durazo grounded out to first . Tejada struck out looking . Chavez singled to right center . Chavez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Hatteberg batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Spiezio grounded out to second . Wooten flied out to right . Schoeneweis pitching for Angels . Davanon fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Schoeneweis pitching for Angels . Hatteberg doubled to left . Piatt struck out swinging . Melhuse singled to right , Hatteberg scored . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Singleton grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Melhuse out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Kennedy singled to left center . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kennedy out at second . Eckstein doubled to left center , Molina to third . Erstad popped out to third . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Salmon walked . Callaway pitching for Angels . Anderson fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Callaway pitching for Angels . McMillon doubled to right . Long ran for McMillon . Ellis grounded out to second , Long to third . Durazo singled to right center , Long scored . Tejada singled to left , Durazo to second . Chavez doubled to deep left , Durazo and Tejada scored . Hatteberg grounded out to second , Chavez to third . Long in right field . Halama pitching for Athletics . Piatt in left field . Piatt struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Spiezio flied out to left . Wooten singled to center . Davanon grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wooten out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 8 - Angels 1 .	First of many ? A 's rookie Harden gets W