Yankees - Top 1st . Appier pitching for Angels . Soriano flied out to left center . Jeter singled to center . Giambi struck out swinging . Williams singled to left center , Jeter to third . Matsui singled to right , Jeter scored , Williams to second . Posada singled to center , Williams scored , Matsui to second . Johnson walked , Matsui to third , Posada to second . Ventura singled to right center , Matsui and Posada scored , Johnson to third . Shields pitching for Angels . Garcia walked , Ventura to second . Soriano fouled out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Eckstein grounded out to second . Erstad struck out swinging . Wooten grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Shields pitching for Angels . Jeter grounded out to second . Giambi singled to right center . Williams struck out swinging . Giambi caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Anderson flied out to center . Spiezio grounded out to second . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Shields pitching for Angels . Matsui doubled to right center . Posada singled to right , Matsui scored . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Posada out at second . Ventura walked , Johnson to second . Garcia grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ventura out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Owens struck out swinging . Quinlan singled to right center . Kennedy singled to right , Quinlan to third . Eckstein singled to center , Quinlan scored , Kennedy to second . Erstad struck out looking . Kennedy stole third , Eckstein stole second . Wooten struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Shields pitching for Angels . Soriano flied out to center . Jeter singled to center . Giambi flied out to left center . Williams grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Anderson struck out swinging . Spiezio grounded out to shortstop . Molina singled to left center . Owens struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Shields pitching for Angels . Matsui flied out to center . Posada walked . Johnson singled to right center , Posada to third . Ventura struck out looking . Garcia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Quinlan doubled to right . Kennedy struck out swinging . Eckstein grounded out to second , Quinlan to third . Erstad struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Soriano struck out swinging . Jeter reached on infield single to pitcher . Giambi flied out to right . Williams flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Wooten flied out to center . Anderson singled to center . Spiezio grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson out at second . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Matsui homered to right . Posada singled to right center . Johnson struck out swinging . Posada caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ventura struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Owens singled to left . Quinlan grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Owens out at second . Kennedy singled to left . Weber pitching for Angels . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kennedy out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Weber pitching for Angels . Garcia singled to center . Soriano struck out swinging . Garcia caught stealing second , catcher to second . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Erstad grounded out to shortstop . Wooten grounded out to shortstop . Anderson homered to right . Spiezio struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Weber pitching for Angels . Giambi grounded out to shortstop . Williams reached on infield single to shortstop . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Matsui grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Williams out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Davanon hit for Owens . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Davanon struck out swinging . Quinlan singled to left . Kennedy popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 6 - Angels 2 .	Pettitte wins career - high 8th straight decision