Angels - Top 1st . Figgins doubled to right . Davanon grounded out to second , Figgins to third . Anderson popped out to shortstop . Salmon singled to center , Figgins scored . Spiezio struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Sanchez fouled out to left . Klassen flied out to center . Higginson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Riggs doubled to deep right . Kennedy singled to right , Riggs scored . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kennedy out at second . Amezaga tripled to right center . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Young grounded out to second . Witt grounded out to first . Monroe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Davanon homered to right . Anderson grounded out to second . Salmon walked . Spiezio popped out to shortstop . Riggs flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Morris walked . Inge grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morris out at second . Santiago hit by pitch . Santiago caught stealing second , catcher to first . Sanchez batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Kennedy grounded out to first . Molina grounded out to third . Amezaga flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Sanchez reached on bunt single to second . Klassen singled to left , Sanchez to second . Higginson flied out to left . Young singled to center , Sanchez scored , Klassen to second . Witt singled to right , Klassen to third , Young to second . Monroe hit by pitch , Klassen scored , Young to third , Witt to second . Morris singled to left , Young and Witt scored , Monroe to third , Morris to second advancing on throw . Inge grounded out to shortstop , Monroe scored . Santiago lined out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Figgins flied out to center . Davanon doubled to right . Anderson doubled to right center , Davanon scored . Salmon grounded out to third . Spiezio intentionally walked . Riggs lined out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Klassen lined out to second . Higginson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Roney pitching for Tigers . Kennedy singled to center . Molina singled to left , Kennedy to second . Amezaga sacrificed to catcher , Kennedy to third , Molina to second . Figgins grounded out to first , Kennedy scored , Molina to third . Davanon grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Young singled to right . Witt grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Young out at second . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Witt out at second . Morris flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Anderson singled to right center . Salmon reached on infield single to shortstop , Anderson to second . Walker pitching for Tigers . Spiezio doubled to left , Anderson and Salmon scored . Riggs sacrificed to third , Spiezio to third . Kennedy grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Spiezio out at third , Kennedy to second advancing on play . Molina flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Inge grounded out to second . Santiago grounded out to second . Sanchez singled to center . Sanchez stole second . Klassen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Amezaga flied out to right . Figgins fouled out to first . Davanon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Higginson flied out to right . Young tripled to right center . Witt reached on infield single to first , Young scored . Petrick ran for Witt . Monroe flied out to left . Petrick at first base . Morris flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 9th . Anderson singled to right . Patterson pitching for Tigers . Salmon singled to center , Anderson to third . Durrington ran for Salmon . Durrington caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Spiezio grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Anderson out at home , Spiezio to second advancing on play . Riggs tripled to right center , Spiezio scored . Kennedy walked . Molina doubled to left center , Riggs and Kennedy scored . Quinlan at first base . Percival pitching for Angels . Amezaga struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Inge walked . Santiago walked , Inge to second . Pena hit for Klassen . Sanchez walked , Inge to third , Santiago to second . Pena struck out swinging . Higginson hit sacrifice fly to right , Inge scored , Santiago to third . Young walked , Sanchez to second . Petrick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sanchez out at third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 10 - Tigers 7 .	Anaheim 10 , Detroit 7