Mariners - Top 1st. Blach pitching for Giants. Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop. Segura reached on bunt single to pitcher, Gordon to second. Canó walked, Gordon to third, Segura to second. Haniger singled to center, Gordon and Segura scored, Canó to third. Seager singled to center, Canó scored, Haniger to second. Healy singled to right, Haniger scored, Seager tagged out at second. Heredia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Healy out at second. Freitas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Heredia out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Jackson flied out to center. Panik grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Blach pitching for Giants. Gonzales struck out looking. Gordon grounded out to first. Segura doubled to left. Canó grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Posey flied out to right. Longoria grounded out to shortstop. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Blach pitching for Giants. Haniger flied out to center. Seager singled to right center. Healy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Hundley lined out to third. Crawford grounded out to second. Blach singled to center. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blach out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Blach pitching for Giants. Heredia singled to left. Freitas flied out to right. Gonzales sacrificed to pitcher, Heredia to second. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Panik homered to right (391 feet). McCutchen singled to left. Posey grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McCutchen out at second. Longoria flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Blach pitching for Giants. Segura singled to right. Canó doubled to deep left, Segura scored. Haniger grounded out to pitcher. Seager walked. Moronta pitching for Giants. Healy walked, Canó to third, Seager to second. Heredia hit sacrifice fly to center, Canó scored. Freitas walked, Seager to third, Healy to second. Gonzales struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Hundley lined out to shortstop. Crawford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Tomlinson at shortstop. Johnson pitching for Giants. Gordon singled to left. Gordon stole second. Segura walked. Canó grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Segura out at second, Gordon to third. Haniger flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Tomlinson grounded out to third. Jackson reached on infield single to third. Panik grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Johnson pitching for Giants. Seager flied out to center. Healy struck out swinging. Heredia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. McCutchen struck out swinging. Posey singled to left. Longoria homered to left (361 feet), Posey scored. Vincent pitching for Mariners. Pence flied out to left. Hundley flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Dyson pitching for Giants. Freitas struck out swinging. Romine hit for Vincent. Romine lined out to first. Gordon singled to shallow left. Gordon stole second. Segura fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Nicasio pitching for Mariners. Blanco hit for Dyson. Blanco doubled to left. Tomlinson singled to center, Blanco to third. Jackson hit sacrifice fly to center, Blanco scored. Panik reached on infield single to third, Tomlinson to second. McCutchen flied out to right, Tomlinson to third. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Blanco in center field. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Canó struck out looking. Haniger struck out swinging. Seager lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Díaz pitching for Mariners. Longoria struck out swinging. Pence struck out swinging. Hundley popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Giants 4.	Mariners come out swinging, spoil Giants home opener, 6-4