Mariners - Top 1st. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Segura singled to left. Haniger struck out looking. Canó singled to shallow right, Segura to second. Cruz flied out to center. Healy walked, Segura to third, Canó to second. Seager homered to center (399 feet), Segura, Canó and Healy scored. Zunino reached on infield single to shortstop. Heredia walked, Zunino to second. Romine grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Leake pitching for Mariners. Granderson grounded out to second. Donaldson doubled to deep right. Solarte fouled out to third. Donaldson to third on passed ball by Zunino. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Segura doubled to shallow left. Haniger singled to shallow right, Segura scored. Canó struck out swinging. Cruz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Haniger out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Leake pitching for Mariners. Smoak flied out to left. Pillar doubled to left. Martin homered to left (380 feet), Pillar scored. Morales grounded out to third. Gurriel grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Healy homered to left center (416 feet). Seager flied out to center. Zunino lined out to right. Heredia struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Leake pitching for Mariners. Granderson struck out swinging. Donaldson singled to right. Solarte grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Donaldson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Romine singled to center. Segura singled to shallow left, Romine to second. Haniger singled to center, Romine to third, Segura to second. Canó hit sacrifice fly to left, Romine scored, Segura to third. Petricka pitching for Blue Jays. Haniger stole second. Cruz walked. Healy grounded into double play, third to first, Haniger out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Hernández struck out swinging. Smoak singled to right. Pillar grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Smoak out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Petricka pitching for Blue Jays. Seager homered to center (417 feet). Zunino walked. Heredia struck out swinging. Romine reached on infield single to pitcher, Zunino to second. Segura popped out to second. Haniger grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Romine out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Martin struck out swinging. Morales grounded out to shortstop. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Canó flied out to center. Cruz walked. Healy singled to right, Cruz to second. Seager flied out to left. Zunino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Granderson walked. Donaldson struck out swinging. Solarte singled to right, Granderson to second. Hernández flied out to center, Granderson to third. Smoak struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Heredia struck out looking. Romine struck out looking. Segura reached on infield single to shortstop. Haniger flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Pillar popped out to shortstop. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Morales fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Mayza pitching for Blue Jays. Canó hit ground rule double to center. Cruz grounded out to pitcher, Canó to third. Healy grounded out to third. Seager popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Rzepczynski pitching for Mariners. Gurriel reached on infield single to pitcher. Alford hit for Granderson. Alford walked, Gurriel to second. Bradford pitching for Mariners. Donaldson singled to shallow left center, Gurriel to third, Alford to second. Pazos pitching for Mariners. Solarte grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gurriel scored, Donaldson out at second, Alford to third. Hernández struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Alford in left field. Mayza pitching for Blue Jays. Zunino homered to center (431 feet). Heredia lined out to center. Romine singled to shallow center. Segura struck out looking. Haniger struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Díaz pitching for Mariners. Smoak struck out swinging. Pompey hit for Pillar. Pompey struck out swinging. Ureña hit for Martin. Ureña struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 9 - Blue Jays 3.	Seager hits 2 HRs, 1 a slam, Mariners beat Blue Jays 9-3