Angels - Top 1st. Leake pitching for Mariners. Calhoun grounded out to second. Simmons struck out swinging. Trout flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Richards pitching for Angels. Gordon singled to right. Segura grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gordon out at second. Haniger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Leake pitching for Mariners. Upton popped out to second. Pujols lined out to third. Ohtani reached first base on catcher's interference. Valbuena doubled to left, Ohtani scored. Maldonado struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Richards pitching for Angels. Cruz flied out to right. Seager homered to right (367 feet). Healy homered to left (397 feet). Gamel struck out swinging. Herrmann grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Leake pitching for Mariners. Fletcher struck out swinging. Calhoun flied out to right. Simmons doubled to deep left center. Trout intentionally walked. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Trout out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Richards pitching for Angels. Heredia struck out looking. Gordon lined out to left. Segura walked. Segura caught stealing second, catcher to second. Haniger batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Pujols doubled to deep right center. Ohtani singled to right, Pujols to third. Valbuena singled to left, Pujols scored, Ohtani to second. Maldonado struck out swinging. Fletcher flied out to left. Calhoun singled to center, Ohtani scored, Valbuena to second. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Calhoun out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Richards pitching for Angels. Haniger grounded out to third. Cruz struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Trout doubled to left. Upton singled to left, Trout to third. Pujols singled to center, Trout scored, Upton to third. Rumbelow pitching for Mariners. Ohtani flied out to left, Pujols out at second. Valbuena intentionally walked. Valbuena stole second. Maldonado flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Richards pitching for Angels. Healy struck out swinging. Gamel grounded out to third. Herrmann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Rumbelow pitching for Mariners. Fletcher doubled to left. Calhoun homered to right center (436 feet), Fletcher scored. Simmons flied out to center. Trout lined out to right. Upton flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Richards pitching for Angels. Heredia reached on infield single to third. Gordon sacrificed to catcher, Heredia to second, Gordon safe at first on error by pitcher Richards. Segura struck out swinging. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Haniger struck out swinging. Cruz singled to shallow right, Heredia scored, Gordon to second. Seager struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 7th. Bradford pitching for Mariners. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Ohtani doubled to right. Valbuena lined out to right, Ohtani to third. Maldonado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Álvarez pitching for Angels. Healy singled to center. Gamel walked, Healy to second. Zunino hit for Herrmann. Robles pitching for Angels. Zunino walked, Healy to third, Gamel to second. Span hit for Heredia. Span struck out swinging. Gordon struck out swinging. Segura lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Haniger in center field. Gamel in right field. Zunino catching. Span in left field. Vincent pitching for Mariners. Fletcher fouled out to first. Calhoun singled to right. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Calhoun safe at third on error by shortstop Segura. Trout intentionally walked, Simmons to second. Upton grounded out to first, Calhoun scored, Simmons to third, Trout to second. Pujols lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Anderson pitching for Angels. Haniger doubled to center. Haniger to third on wild pitch by Anderson. Cruz struck out swinging. Seager singled to center, Haniger scored. Healy struck out swinging. Gamel struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Elías pitching for Mariners. Ohtani grounded out to second. Valbuena grounded out to third. Maldonado flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Parker pitching for Angels. Zunino singled to left. Span doubled to left center, Zunino to third. Gordon lined out to center. Segura grounded into fielder's choice to first, Zunino out at home, Span to third. Segura to second on fielder's indifference. Haniger grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 7 - Mariners 4.	Calhoun homers, Angels end Mariners' streak with 7-4 win