Mariners - Top 1st. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Gordon reached on infield single to second. Segura singled to right center, Gordon to third. Haniger singled to right, Segura scored. Seager popped out to shortstop. Span singled to right center, Haniger to second. Healy fouled out to left. Haniger to third on wild pitch by Hoffman. Gamel grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Bergman pitching for Mariners. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon homered to center (436 feet). Arenado popped out to second. González doubled to deep left center. Story grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Herrmann walked. Bergman grounded out to first. Gordon grounded out to second, Herrmann to second. Segura grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Bergman pitching for Mariners. Parra doubled to left. Desmond singled to right, Parra to third. Wolters grounded into fielder's choice to first, Parra scored, Desmond out at second. Hoffman sacrificed to pitcher, Wolters to second. LeMahieu lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Haniger struck out swinging. Seager doubled to deep right. Span struck out swinging. Healy lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Bergman pitching for Mariners. Blackmon flied out to center. Arenado lined out to third. González walked. Story homered to center (422 feet), González scored. Parra walked. Desmond flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Gamel singled to center. Gamel caught stealing second, catcher to first to shortstop to catcher to second to shortstop to third. Herrmann tripled to deep center. Bergman singled to center, Herrmann scored. Musgrave pitching for Rockies. Gordon lined out to right. Segura grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bergman out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Bergman pitching for Mariners. Wolters flied out to left. Musgrave grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Musgrave pitching for Rockies. Haniger walked. Seager grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Haniger out at second. Span grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Bergman pitching for Mariners. Blackmon doubled to deep right. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blackmon out at third. Pazos pitching for Mariners. González reached on infield single to pitcher, Arenado to second. Story flied out to right, Arenado to third. Parra singled to left, Arenado scored, González to third. Desmond singled to right, González scored, Parra to third. Desmond stole second. Wolters singled to right, Parra and Desmond scored. Musgrave struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Musgrave pitching for Rockies. Healy lined out to right. Gamel doubled to center. Herrmann lined out to first. Heredia hit for Pazos. Heredia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Morin pitching for Mariners. LeMahieu doubled to deep right center. Blackmon struck out swinging. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LeMahieu out at third. González reached on infield single to shortstop, Arenado to second. Story doubled to deep right center, Arenado and González scored. Parra grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Musgrave pitching for Rockies. Gordon grounded out to third. Segura walked. Haniger walked, Segura to second. Seager singled to center, Segura scored, Haniger to second. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Span tripled to deep center, Haniger and Seager scored. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Healy struck out swinging. Gamel reached on infield single to shortstop, Span scored. Herrmann struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Morin pitching for Mariners. Desmond struck out swinging. Wolters struck out swinging. Tapia hit for Oberg. Tapia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Romine hit for Morin. Romine struck out looking. Gordon grounded out to second. Segura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Lawrence pitching for Mariners. LeMahieu singled to right. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop, LeMahieu to second. Arenado flied out to right. González intentionally walked. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Davis pitching for Rockies. Haniger struck out looking. Seager lined out to center. Span grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - Rockies 10.	Story homers, drives in 4 as Rockies beat Mariners 10-7