Mariners - Top 1st. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Gordon flied out to center. Segura walked. Segura to second on wild pitch by Gallardo. Haniger singled to center, Segura scored. Cruz fouled out to catcher. Seager popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Profar grounded out to second. Odor reached on bunt single to pitcher. Andrus doubled to deep center, Odor to third. Beltré safe at first on error by third baseman Seager, Odor scored, Andrus to third. Gallo singled to right center, Andrus scored, Beltré to third. Kiner-Falefa grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gallo out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 2nd. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Span singled to right. Healy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Span out at second. Zunino walked. Maybin lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Guzmán lined out to right. Calhoun hit by pitch. Tocci doubled to shallow left, Calhoun to third. Profar flied out to right. Odor flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Gordon struck out swinging. Segura grounded out to second. Haniger flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Andrus singled to left. Beltré struck out looking. Gallo homered to right center (416 feet), Andrus scored. Kiner-Falefa doubled to deep right. Guzmán singled to right, Kiner-Falefa scored. Calhoun doubled to deep center, Guzmán to third. Tocci struck out looking. Profar flied out to right. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Cruz popped out to second. Seager grounded out to shortstop. Span flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Odor grounded out to shortstop. Andrus flied out to left. Beltré fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Healy grounded out to third. Zunino homered to center (412 feet). Maybin popped out to second. Gordon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Gallo homered to right (345 feet). Kiner-Falefa doubled to left. Guzmán reached on infield single to second, Kiner-Falefa to third. Calhoun grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kiner-Falefa scored, Guzmán out at second. Tocci struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Segura grounded out to pitcher. Haniger walked. Cruz struck out swinging. Haniger to second on wild pitch by Gallardo. Seager flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Romine at first base. Tuivailala pitching for Mariners. Profar struck out swinging. Odor tripled to right. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Odor out at third, Andrus to third. Pazos pitching for Mariners. Beltré walked. Gallo fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Claudio pitching for Rangers. Span singled to center. Romine singled to center, Span to second. Zunino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Span out at third, Romine to second, Romine to third, Zunino to second on throwing error by third baseman Profar. Maybin reached on infield single to shortstop, Romine scored. Gordon grounded out to first, Zunino to third, Maybin to second. Gearrin pitching for Rangers. Segura singled to center, Zunino and Maybin scored. Segura stole second. Haniger singled to center, Segura scored. Cruz flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Duke pitching for Mariners. Kiner-Falefa reached on infield single to third. Guzmán doubled to deep left center, Kiner-Falefa scored. Calhoun doubled to deep center, Guzmán scored. Robinson ran for Calhoun. Tocci sacrificed to third, Robinson to third. Profar doubled to right, Robinson scored. Odor popped out to second. Bradford pitching for Mariners. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Profar to third. Beltré singled to left center, Profar scored, Andrus to second. Gallo struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Robinson in left field. Butler pitching for Rangers. Seager grounded out to second. Span grounded out to first. Romine flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Bradford pitching for Mariners. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop. Guzmán flied out to left. Robinson singled to center. Tocci grounded into fielder's choice to third, Robinson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Butler pitching for Rangers. Zunino homered to center (438 feet). Maybin struck out looking. Gordon lined out to shortstop. Segura grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - Rangers 11.	Gallo, Gallardo stay hot, Rangers beat Mariners 11-7