Rangers - Top 1st. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Odor flied out to center. Choo flied out to center. Andrus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Haniger grounded out to pitcher. Segura walked. Canó grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Segura out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Mazara flied out to left. Profar singled to right. Gallo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Cruz walked. Healy walked, Cruz to second. Zunino struck out swinging. Heredia walked, Cruz to third, Healy to second. Maybin singled to right, Cruz scored, Healy to third, Heredia to second. Negrón struck out swinging. Haniger walked, Healy scored, Heredia to third, Maybin to second. Springs pitching for Rangers. Segura safe at second on error by right fielder Mazara, Heredia, Maybin and Haniger scored. Canó singled to right center, Segura scored, Canó to second advancing on throw. Cruz doubled to deep right center, Canó scored. Healy lined out to left. 7 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 3rd. Beckham at third base. Negrón at shortstop. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Chirinos flied out to right. Guzmán struck out looking. Odor walked. Choo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Springs pitching for Rangers. Zunino struck out swinging. Heredia singled to center. Maybin doubled to deep center, Heredia scored. Butler pitching for Rangers. Negrón grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Maybin out at third. Haniger singled to left, Negrón to second. Beckham walked, Negrón to third, Haniger to second. Canó singled to deep center, Negrón scored, Haniger to third, Beckham to second. Cruz lined out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Andrus walked. Andrus to second on passed ball by Zunino. Beltré doubled to deep right, Andrus scored. Mazara hit ground rule double to deep right, Beltré scored. Profar flied out to center, Mazara to third. Gallo struck out swinging. Chirinos homered to left, Mazara scored. Guzmán struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Butler pitching for Rangers. Healy struck out swinging. Zunino struck out swinging. Heredia lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Odor fouled out to first. Choo singled to left center. Andrus doubled to right, Choo to third, Choo scored, Andrus to third on error by right fielder Haniger. Beltré hit sacrifice fly to center, Andrus scored. Mazara grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Butler pitching for Rangers. Maybin safe at first on error by first baseman Guzmán. Negrón grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Maybin out at second. Haniger struck out looking. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 6th. Pazos pitching for Mariners. Profar grounded out to shortstop. Gallo walked. Chirinos singled to left, Gallo to second. Guzmán popped out to second. Odor grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Moore pitching for Rangers. Canó hit ground rule double to deep center. Cruz walked. Healy struck out swinging. Zunino struck out swinging. Heredia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Festa pitching for Mariners. Choo doubled to left. Andrus singled to right, Choo to third. Beltré struck out swinging, Andrus stole second. Duke pitching for Mariners. Mazara struck out swinging. Profar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Moore pitching for Rangers. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. Negrón flied out to right. Haniger doubled to deep right center. Beckham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Colomé pitching for Mariners. Gallo lined out to second. Chirinos walked. Guzmán singled to right, Chirinos to second. Guzmán out at second advancing on play, Chirinos out at second advancing on play. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Pelham pitching for Rangers. Canó singled to left. Cruz struck out swinging. Healy walked, Canó to second. Zunino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Healy out at second, Canó to third. Heredia hit ground rule double to deep right, Canó scored, Zunino to third. Curtis pitching for Rangers. Maybin singled to center, Zunino and Heredia scored, Maybin to second advancing on throw. Negrón grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Warren pitching for Mariners. Odor grounded out to second. Choo struck out swinging. Andrus singled to center. Beltré grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andrus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - Mariners 12.	Cano, Maybin lead Mariners over Rangers 12-6