Cardinals - Top 1st. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Carpenter walked. Piscotty flied out to center. Holliday singled to center, Carpenter to third. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to third, Carpenter scored, Holliday out at second, Adams to second on throwing error by shortstop Seager. Molina singled to right, Adams to third. Grichuk grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Kendrick flied out to center. Seager grounded out to first. Turner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Wong tripled to deep center. Díaz grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wong out at home. Wacha grounded out to second, Díaz to third. Carpenter walked. Piscotty grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. González safe at first on error by shortstop Díaz. Puig reached on infield single to pitcher, González to second. Pederson walked, González to third, Puig to second. Thompson singled to center, González and Puig scored, Pederson to second. Ellis lined into double play, shortstop to second, Pederson doubled off second. Stripling singled to right, Thompson to second. Kendrick singled to right, Thompson scored, Stripling to third. Seager struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Adams popped out to shortstop. Molina singled to left center. Grichuk popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Turner grounded out to shortstop. González doubled to left. Puig grounded out to shortstop. Pederson doubled to deep center, González scored. Thompson walked. Ellis lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Wong grounded out to second. Díaz homered to left center (396 feet). Wacha grounded out to pitcher. Carpenter struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Stripling safe at first on error by shortstop Díaz. Kendrick singled to center, Stripling to second. Seager flied out to right, Stripling to third. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stripling scored, Kendrick safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Carpenter. González flied out to center, Kendrick to third. Puig singled to left, Kendrick scored, Turner to second. Pederson walked, Turner to third, Puig to second. Thompson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pederson out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Piscotty walked. Holliday singled to left center, Piscotty to third. Holliday to second on wild pitch by Stripling. Adams struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to second, Piscotty scored, Holliday to third. Grichuk grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Ellis singled to center. Stripling struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellis out at second. Seager singled to left center, Kendrick to second. Turner safe at first on error by shortstop Díaz, Kendrick scored, Seager to third. González struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Wong tripled to right. Wong scored on Stripling's wild pitch. Díaz doubled to left. Hazelbaker hit for Bowman. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. Gyorko hit for Hazelbaker. Gyorko grounded out to third. Carpenter flied out to left. Coleman pitching for Dodgers. Piscotty struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Lyons pitching for Cardinals. Puig homered to right (356 feet). Pederson grounded out to second. Thompson struck out looking. Ellis grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Coleman pitching for Dodgers. Holliday flied out to center. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Hernández in left field. Adams flied out to left. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Lyons pitching for Cardinals. Hernández grounded out to third. Kendrick grounded out to third. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Grichuk struck out swinging. Wong grounded out to third. Díaz fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Broxton pitching for Cardinals. Turner struck out swinging. González grounded out to second. Puig popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. Moss hit for Broxton. Moss popped out to shortstop. Carpenter walked. Carpenter to second on fielder's indifference. Piscotty singled to right, Carpenter to third. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Piscotty out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Dodgers 8.	Stripling, Dodgers beat Cardinals 8-4 for rookie's 1st win