Cardinals - Top 1st. Kazmir pitching for Dodgers. Carpenter flied out to center. Piscotty fouled out to first. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Utley safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Moss. Seager grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Utley out at second. Turner grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Dodgers. Moss struck out swinging. Molina lined out to right. Grichuk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. González reached on infield single to pitcher. Grandal struck out swinging. Pederson walked, González to second. Puig grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pederson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Dodgers. Gyorko singled to left center. Díaz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gyorko out at second. Martínez safe at first on error by shortstop Seager, Díaz to second. Carpenter sacrificed to pitcher, Díaz to third, Martínez to second. Piscotty grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Crawford lined out to pitcher. Kazmir struck out swinging. Utley hit by pitch. Seager singled to left, Utley to second. Turner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Kazmir pitching for Dodgers. Holliday grounded out to second. Moss flied out to right. Molina lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. González homered to left center (398 feet). Grandal grounded out to second. Pederson fouled out to left. Puig grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Kazmir pitching for Dodgers. Grichuk struck out swinging. Gyorko safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Seager. Gyorko to third on wild pitch by Kazmir. Díaz walked. Martínez hit sacrifice fly to left, Gyorko scored. Carpenter flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Crawford walked. Kazmir reached on bunt single to second, Crawford to second. Utley walked, Crawford to third, Kazmir to second. Seager singled to right, Crawford scored, Kazmir to third, Utley to second. Turner hit sacrifice fly to right, Kazmir scored, Utley to third. González grounded out to first, Utley scored, Seager to second. Grandal grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Kazmir pitching for Dodgers. Piscotty flied out to right. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Moss grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Kiekhefer pitching for Cardinals. Pederson struck out looking. Puig flied out to right. Hernández hit for Crawford. Hernández struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Hernández in left field. Kazmir pitching for Dodgers. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Grichuk doubled to left. Gyorko lined out to shortstop. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Kiekhefer pitching for Cardinals. Kazmir struck out looking. Utley struck out swinging. Seager homered to center (410 feet). Oh pitching for Cardinals. Tejada at second base. Turner flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Kazmir pitching for Dodgers. Tejada struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out looking. Piscotty singled to right. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Oh pitching for Cardinals. González grounded out to first. Grandal struck out swinging. Pederson struck out bunting foul. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Kazmir pitching for Dodgers. Moss struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Grichuk singled to center. Hazelbaker hit for Oh. Grichuk to second on fielder's indifference. Hazelbaker homered to right center (441 feet), Grichuk scored. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Díaz struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Dodgers 5.	Kazmir goes 8 2/3 innings, Dodgers beat Cardinals 5-3