Brewers - Top 1st. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Villar grounded out to pitcher. Gennett walked. Braun popped out to first. Gennett stole second. Lucroy doubled to deep left, Gennett scored. Carter flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Pederson struck out swinging. Seager grounded out to third. Turner walked. González hit ground rule double to deep right, Turner to third. Thompson singled to center, Turner scored, González thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Hill singled to left center. Nieuwenhuis lined into double play, third to first, Hill doubled off first. Flores singled to deep right. Anderson singled to center, Flores to third. Villar singled to center, Flores scored, Anderson to third. Gennett singled to left, Anderson scored, Villar to second. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gennett out at second. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Kendrick homered to right center (379 feet). Grandal struck out looking. Hernández flied out to center. Bolsinger struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. Carter walked. Hill singled to left, Carter to second. Nieuwenhuis singled to right, Carter to third, Hill to second. Flores singled to center, Carter and Hill scored, Nieuwenhuis to third. Anderson struck out swinging, Flores stole second. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Villar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Pederson reached on infield single to shortstop. Seager walked, Pederson to second. Turner homered to left center (399 feet), Pederson and Seager scored. González singled to right. Thompson lined out to left. Kendrick walked, González to second. Mariñez pitching for Brewers. Grandal doubled to deep center, González and Kendrick scored. Hernández struck out swinging. Hatcher singled to center, Grandal scored. Pederson singled to center, Hatcher to third. Pederson stole second. Seager struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Gennett lined out to center. Braun grounded out to shortstop. Lucroy walked. Carter popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Marinez pitching for Brewers. Turner flied out to left. González struck out swinging. Thompson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Hill struck out swinging. Nieuwenhuis walked. Flores grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nieuwenhuis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Barnes pitching for Brewers. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Grandal walked. Hernández flied out to left. Venable hit for Hatcher. Venable lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Thompson in left field. Fien pitching for Dodgers. Venable in right field. Presley hit for Barnes. Presley grounded out to first. Villar singled to right. Gennett lined into double play, second to first, Villar doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Torres pitching for Brewers. Pederson homered to right center (416 feet). Seager doubled to left. Turner singled to center, Seager to third. González singled to center, Seager scored, Turner to second. Thompson struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, González out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Fien pitching for Dodgers. Braun homered to right (370 feet). Lucroy grounded out to second. Carter lined out to right. Hill flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Torres pitching for Brewers. Grandal flied out to center. Van Slyke hit for Fien. Van Slyke flied out to right. Venable grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging. Flores struck out swinging. Broxton hit for Torres. Broxton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Pederson flied out to center. Seager singled to left. Turner flied out to right. González struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. Villar flied out to right. Gennett grounded out to second. Braun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 6 - Dodgers 10.	Kendrick, Turner, Pederson homer; Dodgers beat Brewers 10-6