Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Norris pitching for Dodgers. Segura walked. Bourn popped out to second. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Segura stole second. Segura safe at third on throwing error by catcher Grandal. Goldschmidt walked. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to second, Segura scored, Goldschmidt out at second. Tomás grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendrick struck out swinging. Seager singled to left. Turner flied out to right. Van Slyke walked, Seager to second. Grandal walked, Seager to third, Van Slyke to second. Puig grounded into fielder's choice to third, Van Slyke out at third, Grandal to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Peralta grounded out to first. Owings flied out to center. Gosewisch grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández doubled to left. Taylor popped out to second. Stripling struck out swinging. Kendrick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Corbin grounded out to pitcher. Segura grounded out to catcher. Bourn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Seager grounded out to shortstop. Turner struck out looking. Van Slyke grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. Lamb singled to center. Tomás reached on infield single to shortstop, Lamb to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tomás out at second, Lamb to third. Owings singled to left, Peralta scored, Owings thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Grandal singled to left. Puig safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb, Grandal to second. Hernández walked, Grandal to third, Puig to second. Taylor reached on infield single to pitcher, Grandal scored, Puig to third, Hernández to second. González hit for Stripling. González grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Puig scored, Taylor out at second, Hernández to third. Kendrick singled to right, Hernández scored. Seager struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Coleman pitching for Dodgers. Gosewisch walked. Corbin struck out swinging. Segura grounded out to second, Gosewisch to second. Bourn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner doubled to deep center. Van Slyke grounded out to shortstop. Grandal struck out swinging. Puig doubled to deep left center, Turner scored. Hernández safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Owings, Puig to third. Taylor grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Coleman pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Avilán pitching for Dodgers. Utley at second base. Lamb walked. Tomás popped out to third. Peralta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Utley grounded out to second. Kendrick hit by pitch. Seager singled to shallow left, Kendrick to second. Leone pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner singled to center, Kendrick scored, Seager to second. Van Slyke struck out swinging. Grandal homered to center (401 feet), Seager and Turner scored. Puig singled to left. Hernández struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. Owings struck out swinging. Gosewisch flied out to right. Gosselin hit for Leone. Gosselin lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Hathaway pitching for Diamondbacks. Toles hit for Blanton. Toles singled to right center. Maeda ran for Toles. Utley doubled to center, Maeda to third. Kendrick struck out swinging. Seager homered to right (417 feet), Maeda and Utley scored. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner struck out swinging. Van Slyke struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Drury hit for Segura. Drury struck out looking. Bourn flied out to center. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Drury at second base. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Grandal doubled to left center. Puig doubled to right, Grandal scored. Hernández struck out swinging. Pederson hit for Báez. Pederson homered to right (431 feet), Puig scored. Utley struck out swinging. Kendrick lined out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Hernández in right field. Pederson in center field. Lamb grounded out to third. Tomás grounded out to second. Peralta grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Dodgers 14.	Grandal, Seager and Pederson homer as Dodgers rout D-backs