Pirates - Top 1st. McCarthy pitching for Dodgers. Frazier flied out to center. Marte walked. Marte stole second. McCutchen walked. Polanco struck out looking. Kang hit by pitch, Marte to third, McCutchen to second. Jaso walked, Marte scored, McCutchen to third, Kang to second. Cervelli struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Cole pitching for Pirates. Utley doubled to right. Reddick reached on bunt single to pitcher, Utley to third. Seager grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Utley scored, Reddick out at second. González singled to right. Pederson singled to left, González to second. Kendrick grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Dodgers. Mercer flied out to left. Cole struck out looking. Frazier singled to left. Marte doubled to shallow left, Frazier to third. McCutchen walked. Polanco walked, Frazier scored, Marte to third, McCutchen to second. Fields pitching for Dodgers. Kang singled to left, Marte scored, McCutchen to third, Polanco to second. Jaso flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Segedin reached on infield single to shortstop. Segedin to second on wild pitch by Cole. Ellis flied out to left. Fields struck out swinging. Utley doubled to right, Segedin scored. Reddick grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Fields pitching for Dodgers. Cervelli singled to right center. Mercer struck out swinging, Cervelli stole second. Cole struck out swinging. Urías pitching for Dodgers. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Seager grounded out to second. González singled to right. Pederson grounded out to shortstop, González to second. Kendrick safe at first on error by third baseman Kang, González advanced to third on Kang error, González scored on throwing error by third baseman Kang. Segedin singled to center, Kendrick to second. Ellis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Marte grounded out to pitcher. McCutchen lined out to third. Polanco hit ground rule double to deep right. Kang walked. Jaso grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Urías singled to left. Utley struck out swinging. Reddick grounded into fielder's choice to second, Urías out at second. Reddick stole second. Seager singled to shallow center, Reddick scored. González struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Cervelli singled to center. Mercer singled to left, Cervelli to second. Cole bunted into fielder's choice to first, Cervelli out at third, Mercer to second. Harrison hit for Frazier. Harrison flied out to left. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Harrison at second base. Cole pitching for Pirates. Pederson doubled to deep right, Pederson to third on error by right fielder Polanco. Kendrick doubled to deep right, Pederson scored. Segedin grounded out to pitcher, Kendrick to third. Ellis hit by pitch. Urías sacrificed into fielder's choice to first, Kendrick scored, Ellis to second. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Utley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Urías out at second, Ellis to third. Reddick grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 6th. Urias pitching for Dodgers. McCutchen walked. Polanco struck out swinging. Kang walked, McCutchen to second. Freese hit for Jaso. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. Freese struck out swinging. Cervelli walked, McCutchen to third, Kang to second. Mercer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Freese at first base. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Seager singled to right center. González struck out swinging. Pederson homered to left (378 feet), Seager scored. Kendrick hit ground rule double to deep center. Kendrick stole third. Segedin struck out swinging. Ellis struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Joyce hit for Hughes. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. Joyce grounded out to third. Harrison flied out to right. Marte singled to left. McCutchen lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez in center field. Locke pitching for Pirates. Joyce in left field. Hernández hit for Blanton. Hernández grounded out to second. Utley struck out looking. Reddick singled to left center. Seager singled to right, Reddick to third. González flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Polanco popped out to second. Kang homered to left (417 feet). Freese lined out to right. Cervelli singled to center. Mercer flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Locke pitching for Pirates. Pederson popped out to first. Kendrick lined out to right. Segedin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Ravin pitching for Dodgers. Joyce grounded out to third. Harrison walked. Harrison to second on wild pitch by Ravin. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Fryer hit for Locke. Fryer walked. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Dodgers 8.	Pederson homers, leads 17-hit attack, Dodgers beat Pirates