Astros - Top 1st. White pitching for Rockies. Schafer grounded out to second. Altuve grounded out to second. Bogusevic singled to center. Lee singled to right, Bogusevic to third. Buck grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lee out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Lyles pitching for Astros. Fowler homered to right (393 feet). Scutaro flied out to right. Gonzalez doubled to deep left. Tulowitzki walked. Helton flied out to left, Gonzalez to third. Pacheco flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. White pitching for Rockies. Downs grounded out to pitcher. Snyder struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Colvin flied out to center. Nieves grounded out to third. White struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. White pitching for Rockies. Lyles singled to right. Schafer sacrificed to pitcher, Lyles to second. Altuve grounded out to third. Bogusevic homered to right (413 feet), Lyles scored. Lee doubled to left. Buck grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Fowler reached on bunt single to third, Fowler to third on throwing error by third baseman Downs. Scutaro lined out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Fowler scored. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Top 4th. White pitching for Rockies. Downs struck out swinging. Snyder homered to left (417 feet). Gonzalez reached on bunt single to pitcher, Gonzalez to second on throwing error by pitcher White. Lyles grounded out to third. Schafer singled to center, Gonzalez scored. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to second, Schafer out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Helton singled to deep center. Pacheco singled to right, Helton to second. Colvin reached first base on catcher's interference, Helton to third, Pacheco to second. Colvin batting. Nieves grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Helton out at home, Pacheco to third, Colvin to second. White struck out swinging. Fowler walked, Pacheco scored, Colvin to third, Nieves to second. Scutaro doubled to deep right center, Colvin, Nieves and Fowler scored. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 5th. White pitching for Rockies. Bogusevic flied out to left. Lee flied out to center. Buck walked. Downs hit by pitch, Buck to second. Snyder singled to left, Buck scored, Downs to second. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Helton struck out swinging. Pacheco grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Maxwell hit for Lyles. White pitching for Rockies. Maxwell homered to left (471 feet). Outman pitching for Rockies. Schafer grounded out to shortstop. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Bogusevic struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Cruz pitching for Astros. Colvin grounded out to first. Nieves singled to center. Young Jr. hit for Outman. Nieves to second on wild pitch by Cruz. Young Jr. flied out to right. Fowler reached on infield single to second, Nieves to third. Scutaro lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Lee grounded out to second. Buck flied out to center. Downs lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Wright pitching for Astros. Gonzalez singled to right. Lopez pitching for Astros. Johnson at third base. Tulowitzki reached on bunt single to third, Gonzalez to second. Helton grounded out to first, Gonzalez to third, Tulowitzki to second. Pacheco grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gonzalez out at home, Tulowitzki to third. Colvin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pacheco out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Snyder grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to left. Johnson struck out swinging. Schafer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Lopez pitching for Astros. Nieves singled to left. Giambi hit for Belisle. Giambi walked, Nieves to second. LeMahieu ran for Giambi. Fowler sacrificed to pitcher, Nieves to third, LeMahieu to second. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to second, Nieves out at home, LeMahieu to third. Cedeno pitching for Astros. Scutaro stole second. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Tulowitzki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Bogusevic reached on bunt single to pitcher. Lee flied out to right. Buck grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Lyon pitching for Astros. Helton fouled out to third. Pacheco lined out to right. Colvin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 10th. Roenicke pitching for Rockies. Cuddyer in right field. Lowrie hit for Lyon. Lowrie singled to left. Snyder struck out looking. Gonzalez singled to right, Lowrie to second. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 10th. Myers pitching for Astros. Nieves grounded out to third. Cuddyer singled to left. Fowler tripled to right, Cuddyer scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 6 - Rockies 7.	Rockies edge Astros in 10th to complete sweep\n