Athletics - Top 1st. Outman pitching for Rockies. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Cowgill singled to shallow right center. Smith homered to right center (447 feet), Cowgill scored. Cespedes grounded out to second. Inge grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Milone pitching for Athletics. Fowler walked. Scutaro singled to right, Fowler to third. Colvin struck out swinging. Cuddyer walked, Scutaro to second. Helton homered to right center (430 feet), Fowler, Scutaro and Cuddyer scored. Pacheco singled to shallow left. Rosario grounded out to third, Pacheco to second. Nelson intentionally walked. Outman singled to shallow left, Pacheco scored, Nelson to second, Nelson to third, Outman to second on throwing error by left fielder Cespedes. Fowler grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 2nd. Outman pitching for Rockies. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. Moss struck out looking. Pennington grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Gomes in left field. Milone pitching for Athletics. Scutaro flied out to left. Colvin popped out to shortstop. Cuddyer homered to right center (434 feet). Helton walked. Pacheco flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Outman pitching for Rockies. Milone grounded out to third. Weeks grounded out to third. Cowgill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Milone pitching for Athletics. Rosario struck out swinging. Nelson struck out looking. Outman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Outman pitching for Rockies. Smith struck out swinging. Gomes doubled to deep left center. Inge singled to center, Gomes scored. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Inge out at second. Moss homered to left (396 feet), Donaldson scored. Pennington singled to right. Milone flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Milone pitching for Athletics. Fowler grounded out to third. Scutaro singled to center. Colvin flied out to left. Cuddyer homered to right (405 feet), Scutaro scored. Helton flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Outman pitching for Rockies. Weeks struck out swinging. Cowgill walked. Smith grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cowgill out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Athletics. Pacheco grounded out to second. Rosario walked. Rosario stole second. Rosario safe at third on throwing error by catcher Donaldson. Nelson walked. Young Jr. hit for Outman. Young Jr. struck out swinging. Fowler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 6th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Gomes homered to left (418 feet). Inge flied out to center. Donaldson struck out swinging. Moss struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Miller pitching for Athletics. Scutaro singled to shallow center. Colvin flied into double play, center to first, Scutaro doubled off first. Cuddyer doubled to left. Helton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Pennington safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Scutaro. Crisp hit for Miller. Crisp walked, Pennington to second. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to first, Crisp out at second, Pennington to third. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Cowgill singled to right, Pennington scored, Weeks to second. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cowgill out at second, Weeks to third. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Smith out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Cowgill in left field. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Crisp in center field. Pacheco singled to center. Rosario grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pacheco out at second. Nelson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Inge flied out to center. Donaldson walked. Moss struck out swinging. Pennington struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. LeMahieu hit for Belisle. Blevins pitching for Athletics. LeMahieu flied out to right. Fowler flied out to left. Scutaro singled to center. Colvin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Nelson at third base. LeMahieu at second base. Crisp singled to right center. Weeks sacrificed to pitcher, Crisp to second. Crisp stole third. Cowgill hit sacrifice fly to right, Crisp scored. Smith doubled to deep center. Reddick hit for Blevins. Reddick intentionally walked. Inge doubled to left, Smith and Reddick scored. Donaldson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Cook pitching for Athletics. Reddick in right field. Suzuki catching. Cuddyer singled to shallow right. Helton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cuddyer out at second. Giambi hit for Betancourt. Giambi hit by pitch. Rosario flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 10 - Rockies 8.	A's rally in 9th, hand Rockies 7th straight loss