Nationals - Top 1st. Outman pitching for Rockies. Espinosa grounded out to second. Harper struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Fowler singled to right. Scutaro singled to left, Fowler to third. Gonzalez singled to right, Fowler scored, Scutaro to second. Helton walked, Scutaro to third, Gonzalez to second. Nelson reached on infield single to third, Scutaro scored, Gonzalez out at home, Helton to second. Colvin homered to right (439 feet), Helton and Nelson scored. Nieves singled to center. Herrera walked, Nieves to second. Outman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Herrera out at second, Nieves to third. Fowler struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Outman pitching for Rockies. Morse struck out swinging. LaRoche struck out swinging. Desmond grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Scutaro struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to deep right. Helton flied out to left. Nelson doubled to left, Gonzalez scored. Colvin singled to right, Nelson scored. Nieves struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 3rd. Outman pitching for Rockies. Moore walked. Flores flied out to right. Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop, Moore to second. Espinosa singled to center, Moore to third, Jackson to second. Harper struck out swinging. Zimmerman singled to center, Moore and Jackson scored, Espinosa to third. Morse homered to center (423 feet), Espinosa and Zimmerman scored. LaRoche singled to center. Desmond fouled out to catcher. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Herrera struck out swinging. Outman struck out looking. Fowler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Roenicke pitching for Rockies. Moore singled to left. Flores struck out swinging. Jackson sacrificed to pitcher, Moore to second. Moore picked off second. Espinosa batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Scutaro singled to center. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. Scutaro to second on wild pitch by Gorzelanny. Gonzalez singled to left center, Scutaro scored. Helton grounded out to second, Gonzalez to second. Nelson grounded out to third. Colvin tripled to deep center, Gonzalez scored. Nieves walked. Herrera flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Roenicke pitching for Rockies. Espinosa doubled to deep right. Harper singled to left, Espinosa scored. Zimmerman flied out to right. Morse grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harper safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Nelson. LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to center, Harper scored. Desmond homered to right (390 feet), Morse scored. Moore grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. Roenicke hit by pitch. Fowler doubled to deep right, Roenicke to third. Scutaro walked. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Roenicke scored, Scutaro out at second, Fowler to third. Helton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Roenicke pitching for Rockies. Flores popped out to shortstop. Lombardozzi hit for Gorzelanny. Lombardozzi struck out swinging. Espinosa popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Mattheus pitching for Nationals. Nelson singled to left. Colvin singled to center, Nelson to second. Nieves grounded into double play, third to second to first, Colvin out at second, Nelson to third. Herrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Harper fouled out to shortstop. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Morse singled to right. LaRoche flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Young Jr. hit for Brothers. Mattheus pitching for Nationals. Young Jr. bunt grounded out to pitcher. Fowler doubled to right. Scutaro flied out to center. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez walked. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Desmond lined out to first. Moore grounded out to shortstop. Flores doubled to deep left. Bernadina hit for Gonzalez. Bernadina reached on infield single to shortstop, Flores to third. Espinosa flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Nelson struck out swinging. Colvin grounded out to pitcher. Nieves flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Harper homered to right (428 feet). Zimmerman struck out looking. Morse grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Harper in right field. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Ankiel in center field. Herrera singled to right. Pacheco hit for Betancourt. Pacheco sacrificed to third, Herrera to second. Fowler walked. Scutaro grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Fowler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 10th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Desmond doubled to deep left. Moore struck out swinging. Flores grounded out to third. Ankiel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 10th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Helton singled to right. Guthrie ran for Helton. Nelson lined out to shortstop. Colvin grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 11th. Cuddyer at first base. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Espinosa struck out swinging. Harper struck out swinging. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 11th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Nieves grounded out to second. Herrera doubled to deep left. Giambi hit for Ottavino. Giambi walked. Friedrich ran for Giambi. Fowler flied out to center, Herrera to third. Friedrich to second on fielder's indifference. Scutaro singled to right center, Herrera scored, Friedrich to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 10 - Rockies 11.	Rockies squander lead but edge Nats in 11