Rockies - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Fowler struck out swinging. Scutaro flied out to center. Gonzalez singled to left. Colvin doubled to right, Gonzalez to third. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Guthrie pitching for Rockies. Furcal lined out to center. Jay walked. Holliday doubled to left, Jay scored. Beltran flied out to center, Holliday to third. Craig flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Nelson grounded out to shortstop. Nieves doubled to right. Herrera struck out swinging. Guthrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Rockies. Molina singled to left. Freese struck out looking. Schumaker singled to right, Molina to second. Wainwright bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Molina out at third, Schumaker to second. Furcal reached on infield single to first, Schumaker to third, Wainwright to second. Jay hit by pitch, Schumaker scored, Wainwright to third, Furcal to second. Holliday flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Fowler struck out swinging. Scutaro grounded out to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Rockies. Beltran grounded out to third. Craig grounded out to third. Molina flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Colvin struck out swinging. Helton grounded out to second. Nelson lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Guthrie pitching for Rockies. Freese flied out to right. Schumaker singled to center. Wainwright sacrificed to first, Schumaker to second. Furcal flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Nieves grounded out to third. Herrera tripled to left. Guthrie singled to right, Herrera scored. Fowler grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Guthrie out at second. Scutaro singled to left, Fowler to second. Gonzalez reached on infield single to pitcher, Fowler to third, Scutaro to second. Colvin flied out to right. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Guthrie pitching for Rockies. Jay lined out to center. Holliday singled to left, Holliday out stretching at second. Beltran fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Helton flied out to left. Nelson singled to center. Nieves walked, Nelson to second. Herrera grounded into double play, first to shortstop to third, Nieves out at second, Nelson out at third, Herrera to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Guthrie pitching for Rockies. Craig struck out looking. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Freese grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Cleto pitching for Cardinals. Young Jr. hit for Guthrie. Young Jr. struck out swinging. Fowler struck out swinging. Scutaro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Greene hit for Schumaker. Greene struck out swinging. Descalso hit for Cleto. Descalso safe at first on error by second baseman Scutaro. Furcal flied out to center. Descalso stole second. Descalso safe at third on throwing error by catcher Nieves. Jay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at second base. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Colvin struck out swinging. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Holliday singled to right center. Holliday stole second. Beltran singled to center, Holliday to third. Craig lined out to shortstop. Beltran stole second. Molina intentionally walked. Freese singled to center, Holliday and Beltran scored, Molina to second, Molina thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Carpenter hit for Rzepczynski. Carpenter walked, Freese to second. Torres pitching for Rockies. Descalso grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Nelson struck out swinging. Nieves lined out to shortstop. Pacheco hit for Herrera. Pacheco singled to center. Cuddyer hit for Torres. Cuddyer singled to right, Pacheco to second. Fowler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 1 - Cardinals 4.	Wainwright, Holliday carry Cards past Rockies\n