Brewers - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Aoki grounded out to second. Weeks struck out looking. Braun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Young Jr. doubled to deep right. Herrera singled to shallow right, Young Jr. scored. Fowler doubled to deep right center, Herrera to third. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Herrera scored, Fowler to third. Rosario hit sacrifice fly to center, Fowler scored. Colvin grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Ramirez grounded out to third. Hart hit by pitch. Lucroy flied out to left. Gomez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Nelson doubled to deep left center. LeMahieu singled to left, Nelson to third. Francis bunt popped out to third. Young Jr. grounded out to shortstop, Nelson scored, LeMahieu to third. Herrera struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Ransom reached on bunt single to pitcher. Fiers sacrificed to catcher, Ransom to second. Aoki grounded out to first, Ransom to third. Weeks walked. Braun grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Fowler singled to right center. Gonzalez singled to deep right center, Fowler scored. Gonzalez stole second. Rosario singled to shallow left, Gonzalez to third. Colvin doubled to deep right center, Gonzalez scored, Rosario to third. McClendon pitching for Brewers. Nelson singled to center, Rosario scored, Colvin to third, Nelson to second advancing on error by left fielder Gomez. LeMahieu singled to shallow right, Colvin scored, Nelson to third. Francis sacrificed to first, LeMahieu to second. Young Jr. grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nelson out at home, LeMahieu to third. Young Jr. stole second. Herrera popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Ramirez doubled to left. Ramirez to third on passed ball by Rosario. Hart grounded out to shortstop, Ramirez scored. Lucroy flied out to center. Gomez singled to left center. Ransom grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gomez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. McClendon pitching for Brewers. Fowler grounded out to second. Gonzalez walked. Rosario flied out to center. Colvin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Bianchi hit for McClendon. Francis pitching for Rockies. Bianchi grounded out to second. Aoki grounded out to second. Weeks singled to center. Braun singled to left, Weeks to second. Ramirez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Brewers. Nelson struck out swinging. LeMahieu reached on infield single to second. Francis grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, LeMahieu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Hart grounded out to third. Lucroy walked. Gomez homered to left (417 feet), Lucroy scored. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Ransom struck out swinging. Hernandez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Brewers. Young Jr. singled to right center. Herrera grounded into fielder's choice to first, Young Jr. out at second. Fowler grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Herrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Aoki fouled out to left. Weeks grounded out to second. Braun flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez popped out to third. Rosario walked. Colvin singled to shallow center, Rosario to second. Nelson lined out to right. LeMahieu singled to shallow center, Rosario scored, Colvin to third. Ottavino struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Ramirez singled to left. Hart grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. Lucroy grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Brewers. Young Jr. struck out swinging. Herrera flied out to left. Fowler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Harris pitching for Rockies. Gomez singled to right center. Ransom flied out to center. Ishikawa hit for Rodriguez. Ishikawa hit by pitch, Gomez to second. Aoki grounded out to first, Gomez to third, Ishikawa to second. Weeks homered to left (423 feet), Gomez and Ishikawa scored. Braun struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 6 - Rockies 9.	LeMahieu's 4 hits guide Rockies past Brewers