Giants - Top 1st. White pitching for Rockies. Pagan singled to center. Scutaro reached on infield single to third, Pagan to second. Sandoval grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Scutaro out at second, Pagan to third. Posey flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Colvin doubled to deep center. Rutledge doubled to deep right, Colvin scored. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Rutledge to third. Pacheco singled to center, Rutledge scored. Hernandez fouled out to catcher. Nelson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pacheco out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. White pitching for Rockies. Pence homered to left. Belt reached on infield single to shortstop. Blanco flied out to left. Crawford flied out to left. Vogelsong grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. White homered to left. Colvin reached on infield single to catcher, Colvin out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. White pitching for Rockies. Pagan grounded out to shortstop. Scutaro struck out swinging. Sandoval grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Rutledge grounded out to third. Gonzalez flied out to left. Pacheco grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. White pitching for Rockies. Posey singled to center. Pence struck out swinging. Belt singled to right, Posey to second. Blanco lined out to first. Crawford grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Hernandez hit ground rule double to deep right center. Rosario ran for Hernandez. Nelson safe at first on error by first baseman Belt, Rosario to third. Blackmon grounded into double play, second to first, Rosario scored, Nelson out at second. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 5th. Rosario catching. Moscoso pitching for Rockies. Vogelsong struck out swinging. Pagan reached on infield single to second. Scutaro fouled out to catcher. Sandoval flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Moscoso struck out looking. Colvin popped out to shortstop. Rutledge grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Moscoso pitching for Rockies. Posey singled to left. Posey to second on wild pitch by Moscoso. Pence grounded out to second, Posey to third. Belt grounded out to first, Posey scored. Blanco singled to center. Crawford walked, Blanco to second. Sanchez hit for Vogelsong. Sanchez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Runzler pitching for Giants. Gonzalez lined out to right. Otero pitching for Giants. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop. Rosario safe at first on error by third baseman Sandoval. Nelson tripled to deep center, Rosario scored. Blackmon singled to right center, Nelson scored. LeMahieu singled to right, Blackmon to second. Brown hit for Moscoso. Brown struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 7th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Pagan flied out to center. Scutaro singled to right. Sandoval popped out to second. Posey homered to right center, Scutaro scored. Pence walked. Belt flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Colvin struck out swinging. Rutledge struck out swinging, Rutledge safe at first on wild pitch by Affeldt. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to first, Rutledge out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Theriot hit for Blanco. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Theriot lined out to second. Crawford walked. Huff hit for Affeldt. Huff singled to left, Crawford to second. Peguero ran for Huff. Pagan doubled to left, Crawford scored, Peguero to third. Scutaro grounded out to first. Sandoval flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Machi pitching for Giants. Theriot at second base. Peguero in left field. Pacheco lined out to center. Rosario struck out swinging. Nelson singled to left. Blackmon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Posey struck out swinging. Pence grounded out to second. Belt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 5 - Rockies 6.	RHP White's HR helps Rockies ease past Giants