Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Eaton flied out to left. Hill grounded out to pitcher. Upton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Rutledge hit by pitch. Blackmon sacrificed to catcher, Rutledge to second. Pacheco flied out to right. Rosario walked. Nelson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Kubel singled to right center. Johnson hit by pitch, Kubel to second. Wheeler ran for Johnson. Ransom singled to center, Kubel scored, Wheeler to second. Nieves singled to left, Wheeler scored, Ransom to second. Kennedy sacrificed to pitcher, Ransom to third, Nieves to second. Eaton flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Wheeler at third base. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Colvin struck out looking. Brown struck out swinging. LeMahieu popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Hill grounded out to second. Upton flied out to left. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop. Kubel grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Francis singled to right. Rutledge grounded into fielder's choice to third, Francis out at second. Blackmon struck out swinging. Pacheco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Wheeler flied out to left. Ransom doubled to left. Nieves grounded out to shortstop, Ransom to third. Kennedy lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Rosario singled to left. Nelson lined out to left. Colvin flied out to right. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Eaton struck out swinging. Hill singled to center. Upton singled to right, Hill to third. Upton to second on wild pitch by Ottavino. Goldschmidt walked. Kubel struck out swinging. Wheeler walked, Hill scored, Upton to third, Goldschmidt to second. Ransom struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu flied out to left. McBride hit for Ottavino. McBride singled to center. Rutledge singled to left, McBride to second. Blackmon singled to right, McBride scored, Rutledge to second, Rutledge to third, Blackmon to second on error by right fielder Upton. Pacheco reached on infield single to shortstop, Rutledge scored, Blackmon to third. Rosario doubled to left, Blackmon scored, Pacheco to third. Nelson struck out swinging. Colvin struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Scahill pitching for Rockies. Nieves singled to right. Kennedy struck out bunting foul. Nieves caught stealing second, catcher to second. Eaton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Brown flied out to right. LeMahieu doubled to right. Scahill grounded out to first, LeMahieu to third. Rutledge walked. Blackmon singled to left center, LeMahieu scored, Rutledge thrown out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Scahill pitching for Rockies. Hill doubled to deep left. Upton lined out to second. Goldschmidt grounded out to second, Hill to third. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Kubel flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Albers pitching for Diamondbacks. Pacheco popped out to third. Rosario singled to left. Nelson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rosario out at second. Colvin lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. McDonald hit for Wheeler. Brothers pitching for Rockies. McDonald singled to center. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Montero hit for Ransom. Montero struck out swinging. Nieves singled to right center, McDonald to second. Jacobs hit for Albers. Jacobs singled to center, McDonald scored, Nieves to third. Eaton struck out looking. Hill homered to left (411 feet), Nieves and Jacobs scored. Upton struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. McDonald at third base. Elmore at shortstop. Lindstrom pitching for Diamondbacks. Brown grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu singled to center. Gonzalez hit for Belisle. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to second, LeMahieu out at second. Torres ran for Gonzalez. Rutledge singled to center, Torres to second. Blackmon fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Harris pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt singled to right. Kubel walked, Goldschmidt to second. McDonald sacrificed to pitcher, Goldschmidt to third, Kubel to second. Elmore singled to center, Goldschmidt and Kubel scored. Nieves doubled to deep left, Elmore to third. Pollock hit for Lindstrom. Pollock grounded out to shortstop, Elmore scored, Nieves to third. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Eaton grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Saito pitching for Diamondbacks. Pollock in left field. Pacheco singled to center. Rosario struck out swinging. Nelson doubled to left, Pacheco to third. Colvin doubled to right, Pacheco and Nelson scored. Brown grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu singled to center, Colvin scored. Herrera hit for Reynolds. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 10 - Rockies 7.	Hill's 3-run homer powers D-backs past Rockies