Cardinals - Top 1st . Lynn pitching for Twins . Pham singled to left . Martínez walked , Pham to second . Pham to third , Martínez to second on wild pitch by Lynn . DeJong struck out swinging . Ozuna struck out looking . Fowler singled to center , Pham and Martínez scored . Gyorko lined out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Mauer singled to center . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mauer out at second . Rosario singled to right , Dozier to third . Kepler singled to right , Dozier scored , Rosario to second , Rosario to third on error by right fielder Fowler . Garver grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kepler out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Lynn pitching for Twins . Carpenter flied out to left . Peña walked . Garcia singled to shallow left , Peña to second . Pham struck out swinging . Martínez singled to right , Peña scored , Garcia to third , Martínez to second advancing on throw . DeJong walked . Ozuna flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Morrison walked . Buxton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Morrison out at second . Adrianza flied out to left . Petit singled to center , Buxton to third . Mauer singled to right , Buxton scored , Petit to second . Dozier struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Lynn pitching for Twins . Fowler walked . Fowler caught stealing second , catcher to second . Gyorko struck out swinging . Carpenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Rosario singled to deep right . Kepler flied out to center . Garver grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rosario out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Peña grounded out to third . Garcia bunt grounded out to first . Pham popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Morrison bunt grounded out to pitcher . Buxton struck out swinging . Adrianza lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Martínez doubled to deep left center . DeJong doubled to deep right , Martínez scored . Ozuna flied out to left . Fowler grounded out to pitcher , DeJong to third . Magill pitching for Twins . Gyorko fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Petit walked . Mauer flied out to left . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Petit out at second . Rosario singled to shallow left , Dozier to third . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Kepler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Magill pitching for Twins . Carpenter singled to left . Peña singled to right , Carpenter to third . Garcia struck out looking . Pressly pitching for Twins . Pham struck out swinging . Martínez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Garver flied out to center . Morrison homered to left ( 383 feet ) . Buxton fouled out to catcher . Adrianza struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Pressly pitching for Twins . DeJong walked . Ozuna lined out to center . Fowler walked , DeJong to second . Gyorko singled to center , DeJong scored , Fowler to third . Duke pitching for Twins . Carpenter doubled to deep right , Fowler scored , Gyorko to third . Peña grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gyorko out at home , Carpenter to third . Bader hit for Garcia . Bader struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Wong at second base . Hicks pitching for Cardinals . Petit walked . Mauer grounded into double play , third to second to first , Petit out at second . Dozier flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Hughes pitching for Twins . Pham homered to right ( 367 feet ) . Martínez struck out swinging . DeJong popped out to second . Ozuna lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Holland pitching for Cardinals . Rosario walked . Kepler popped out to shortstop . Garver singled to center , Rosario to second . Morrison singled to shallow right , Rosario scored , Garver to third . Grossman hit for Buxton . Grossman walked , Morrison to second . Escobar hit for Adrianza . Norris pitching for Cardinals . Escobar struck out swinging . Garver scored , Morrison to third , Grossman to second on wild pitch by Norris . Petit grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Kepler in center field . Grossman in right field . Escobar at third base . Petit at shortstop . Reed pitching for Twins . Fowler singled to right . Gyorko grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Fowler out at second . Carpenter doubled to deep center . Carpenter to third on wild pitch by Reed . Peña struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Norris pitching for Cardinals . Mauer grounded out to pitcher . Dozier struck out swinging . Rosario flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Twins 5 .	Fowler , Carpenter get going in Cardinals ' 7 - 5 win over Twins