Rays - Top 1st . Odorizzi pitching for Twins . Kiermaier struck out swinging . Duffy grounded out to third . Bauers fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Rays . Mauer singled to left . Rosario singled to deep right , Mauer to third . Dozier hit sacrifice fly to left , Mauer scored , Rosario to second . Escobar grounded out to second , Rosario to third . Polanco tripled to deep right , Rosario scored . Kepler singled to right , Polanco scored . Grossman singled to right , Kepler to second . Cave singled to left center , Kepler scored , Grossman to second . Garver grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Odorizzi pitching for Twins . Ramos doubled to deep left center . Wendle lined out to right . Cron popped out to first . Robertson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Rays . Mauer walked . Rosario struck out swinging . Dozier grounded out to pitcher , Mauer to second . Escobar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Odorizzi pitching for Twins . Gómez doubled to deep left center , Gómez to third on throwing error by left fielder Rosario . Hechavarria flied out to right . Kiermaier grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gómez scored on throwing error by pitcher Odorizzi . Duffy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kiermaier out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Rays . Polanco reached on infield single to first . Kepler grounded out to first , Polanco to second . Grossman walked . Cave doubled to deep left , Polanco scored , Grossman to third . Garver lined out to third . Mauer homered to center ( 427 feet ) , Grossman and Cave scored . Kittredge pitching for Rays . Rosario singled to center . Dozier grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Odorizzi pitching for Twins . Bauers doubled to deep right . Ramos singled to left , Bauers to third . Wendle singled to left center , Bauers scored , Ramos to second . Cron flied out to center . Robertson grounded out to first , Ramos to third , Wendle to second . Gómez walked . Hechavarria struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Kittredge pitching for Rays . Escobar flied out to center . Polanco flied out to right . Kepler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Odorizzi pitching for Twins . Kiermaier singled to left . Duffy singled to right , Kiermaier to third . Bauers homered to right center ( 407 feet ) , Kiermaier and Duffy scored . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Wendle hit by pitch . Busenitz pitching for Twins . Cron doubled to deep right center , Wendle scored . Robertson grounded out to third . Gómez flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Kittredge pitching for Rays . Grossman hit ground rule double to deep left . Cave struck out swinging . Garver walked . Mauer grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Garver out at second , Grossman to third . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Busenitz pitching for Twins . Hechavarria singled to right center . Rogers pitching for Twins . Kiermaier grounded out to shortstop , Hechavarria to second . Duffy singled to right , Hechavarria scored . Bauers struck out looking . Belisle pitching for Twins . Ramos struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Kittredge pitching for Rays . Dozier doubled to left . Yarbrough pitching for Rays . Escobar singled to center , Dozier scored . Polanco lined out to center . Kepler struck out swinging . Grossman doubled to deep left , Escobar scored , Grossman thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Hildenberger pitching for Twins . Wendle struck out swinging . Cron struck out swinging . Robertson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Wood pitching for Rays . Cave tripled to deep right . Garver walked . Mauer hit sacrifice fly to center , Cave scored . Rosario struck out swinging . Dozier popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Duke pitching for Twins . Gómez singled to left . Hechavarria lined out to shortstop . Kiermaier struck out swinging . Duffy walked , Gómez to second . Bauers grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Stanek pitching for Rays . Escobar flied out to left . Polanco struck out swinging . Kepler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Twins . Ramos struck out looking . Wendle homered to right ( 420 feet ) . Cron grounded out to third . Robertson grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 8 - Twins 11 .	Mauer homers , drives in four as Twins outlast Rays 11 - 8