Yankees - Top 1st . Duffey pitching for Twins . McCutchen singled to center . Hicks flied out to left . Andújar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McCutchen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Gray pitching for Yankees . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . Polanco lined out to shortstop . Forsythe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Duffey pitching for Twins . Stanton struck out swinging . Gregorius tripled to deep center . Sánchez hit sacrifice fly to left , Gregorius scored . Voit grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Gray pitching for Yankees . Grossman lined out to center . Cave grounded out to second . Austin singled to shallow center . Kepler singled to left , Austin to third . Adrianza walked , Kepler to second . Astudillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Adrianza out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Stewart pitching for Twins . Romine grounded out to pitcher . Torres grounded out to second . McCutchen walked . McCutchen caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Hicks batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Gray pitching for Yankees . Mauer walked . Polanco singled to left , Mauer to second . Forsythe walked , Mauer to third , Polanco to second . Grossman struck out swinging . Mauer scored , Polanco to third , Forsythe to second on passed ball by Romine . Cave singled to center , Polanco and Forsythe scored . Cave stole second . Austin flied out to center . Kepler struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Stewart pitching for Twins . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . Andújar singled to left . Stanton walked , Andújar to second . Gregorius walked , Andújar to third , Stanton to second . Sánchez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gregorius out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . Adrianza singled to right . Astudillo grounded out to third , Adrianza to second . Mauer struck out swinging . Polanco doubled to right , Adrianza scored . Forsythe struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Stewart pitching for Twins . Voit hit by pitch . Romine grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Voit out at second . Torres popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . Grossman walked . Cave singled to right , Grossman to second . Austin walked , Grossman to third , Cave to second . Kepler walked , Grossman scored , Cave to third , Austin to second . Adrianza struck out swinging . Astudillo singled to right , Cave scored , Austin to third , Kepler to second . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Mauer homered to center ( 419 feet ) , Austin , Kepler and Astudillo scored . Polanco singled to deep left . Forsythe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Polanco out at second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Stewart pitching for Twins . McCutchen walked . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCutchen out at second . Andújar singled to right , Hicks to second . Stanton walked , Hicks to third , Andújar to second . May pitching for Twins . Gregorius homered to right ( 390 feet ) , Hicks , Andújar and Stanton scored . Sánchez struck out swinging . Voit struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Grossman reached on infield single to third . Cave struck out looking . Austin struck out swinging . Kepler doubled to deep right , Grossman to third . Adrianza flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Romine flied out to center . Torres lined out to left . McCutchen popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Tarpley pitching for Yankees . Astudillo lined out to right . Mauer singled to center . Polanco lined out to second . Forsythe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mauer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Hicks grounded out to third . Andújar popped out to shortstop . Stanton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Tarpley pitching for Yankees . Grossman walked . Cave grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Grossman out at second . Austin grounded out to shortstop , Cave to second . Kepler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Hildenberger pitching for Twins . Gregorius grounded out to pitcher . Sánchez struck out swinging . Voit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 5 - Twins 10 .	Mauer 's slam leads Twins past Yankees 10 - 5