Twins - Top 1st . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Mauer singled to left . Polanco struck out looking . Cave homered to center ( 417 feet ) , Mauer scored . Grossman grounded out to first . Austin struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Gibson pitching for Twins . Martini reached on infield single to shortstop . Chapman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martini out at second . Piscotty grounded out to third . Davis lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Kepler popped out to shortstop . Adrianza grounded out to first . Gimenez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Olson homered to right center ( 404 feet ) . Laureano doubled to shallow right . Semien lined out to center . Pinder grounded out to third , Laureano to third . Lucroy flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Petit lined out to shortstop . Mauer struck out looking . Polanco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Martini grounded out to second . Chapman struck out swinging . Piscotty flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Cave struck out swinging . Grossman singled to center . Austin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Grossman safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Chapman . Kepler singled to left , Grossman scored , Austin to second . Adrianza doubled to center , Austin scored , Kepler to third . Kelley pitching for Athletics . Gimenez hit sacrifice fly to right , Kepler scored , Adrianza to third . Petit flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Davis walked . Olson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Davis out at second . Laureano grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Olson out at second . Semien grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Mauer singled to center . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mauer out at second . Cave struck out swinging . Grossman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Pinder struck out swinging . Lucroy walked . Martini walked , Lucroy to second . Chapman grounded into double play , third to second to first , Martini out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Pagan pitching for Athletics . Austin struck out swinging , Austin safe at on error by player player , Austin to first on throwing error by catcher Lucroy . Kepler flied out to center . Adrianza lined out to center . Gimenez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Piscotty grounded out to third . Davis flied out to center . Olson singled to right center . Laureano singled to center , Olson to second . Semien lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Petit reached on infield single to shortstop . Mauer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Petit out at second . Polanco grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Joyce hit for Pinder . Gibson pitching for Twins . Joyce grounded out to shortstop . Lucroy struck out swinging . Martini grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Barreto at second base . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Cave singled to center . Grossman flied out to left . Cave caught stealing second , catcher to second . Austin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Chapman grounded out to second . Piscotty singled to left . Duffey pitching for Twins . Davis popped out to second . Moya pitching for Twins . Olson reached on infield single to third , Piscotty to second . May pitching for Twins . Laureano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Wendelken pitching for Athletics . Kepler fouled out to third . Adrianza singled to left center . Gimenez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Adrianza out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . May pitching for Twins . Semien lined out to center . Lowrie hit for Barreto . Lowrie walked . Lucroy grounded out to pitcher , Lowrie to second . Martini struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 5 - Athletics 1 .	A 's wild card delayed with 5 - 1 loss to Twins