Mariners - Top 1st . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Suzuki flied out to left . Figgins grounded out to second . Kotchman walked . Bradley homered to right ( 415 feet ) . Kotchman scored . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Davis singled to right . Ellis flied out to right . Davis stole second , Davis safe at third on throwing error by catcher Johnson . Sweeney hit sacrifice fly to left , Davis scored . Kouzmanoff doubled to left . Suzuki hit by pitch . Barton flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 2nd . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Lopez singled to left center . Gutierrez flied out to right . Lopez stole second . Johnson struck out swinging . Ja Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Fox flied out to right . Buck struck out swinging . Pennington lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Kotchman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Davis homered to left ( 356 feet ) . Ellis grounded out to third . Sweeney singled to center . Kouzmanoff popped out to shortstop . Suzuki flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Bradley grounded out to first . Griffey Jr popped out to second . Lopez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Barton singled to right center . Fox flied out to center . Buck doubled to right , Barton to third , Barton scored on error by right fielder Suzuki . Pennington grounded out to third . Davis flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 5th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Gutierrez singled to left . Gutierrez to second on wild pitch by Duchscherer . Johnson struck out looking . Ja Wilson singled to center , Gutierrez scored . Suzuki singled to right , Ja Wilson to third . Figgins hit sacrifice fly to left , Ja Wilson scored . Kotchman grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Ellis singled to right . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ellis out at second . Kouzmanoff singled to left , Sweeney to second . Suzuki walked , Sweeney to third , Kouzmanoff to second . Barton hit sacrifice fly to left , Sweeney scored , Kouzmanoff to third . Fox grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Bradley walked . Griffey Jr grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Bradley out at second . Lopez singled to left . Lopez to second on wild pitch by Duchscherer . Gutierrez singled to center , Lopez scored . Gutierrez stole second . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . White pitching for Mariners . Buck flied out to center . Pennington grounded out to first . Davis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Ross pitching for Athletics . Ja Wilson walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ja Wilson out at second . Figgins flied out to center . Kotchman popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . League pitching for Mariners . Ellis singled to left center . Sweeney grounded out to third , Ellis to second . Kouzmanoff grounded out to third . Suzuki doubled to left , Ellis scored . Barton grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Ross pitching for Athletics . Bradley grounded out to first . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Lopez singled to center . Gutierrez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . League pitching for Mariners . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . Buck singled to center . Pennington singled to left center , Patterson to second . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Patterson out at third , Pennington to second . Pennington to third , Davis to second on passed ball by Johnson . Ellis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Langerhans flied out to right . Ja Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki walked . Figgins lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Sweeney singled to left center . Kouzmanoff bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Sweeney out at second . Suzuki doubled to deep left , Kouzmanoff scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 5 - Athletics 6 .	Suzuki 's walk - off double leads A 's to victory \n\n