Mariners - Top 1st . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to center . Figgins grounded out to first , Suzuki to second . Kotchman grounded out to second , Suzuki to third . Gutierrez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Snell pitching for Mariners . Murphy flied out to left . Young homered to right ( 392 feet ) . Hamilton doubled to deep left center . Guerrero singled to left , Hamilton to third . Cruz walked , Guerrero to second . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hamilton out at home , Guerrero to third , Cruz to second . Treanor flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Griffey Jr singled to right center . Lopez struck out swinging . Byrnes singled to left , Griffey Jr to second , Griffey Jr to third , Byrnes to second on error by left fielder Murphy . Moore grounded out to shortstop , Griffey Jr scored . Ja Wilson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Snell pitching for Mariners . Arias singled to left . Andrus tripled to deep right , Arias scored . Murphy reached first base on catcher 's interference . Murphy batting . Young flied out to right . Hamilton walked , Murphy to second . Guerrero singled to left , Andrus scored , Murphy to third , Hamilton to second . Cruz hit sacrifice fly to center , Murphy scored . Davis singled to right , Hamilton scored , Guerrero to third , Davis thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to second . Figgins singled to right . Figgins caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Kotchman popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Snell pitching for Mariners . Treanor fouled out to first . Arias singled to left center . Andrus flied out to center . Murphy reached first base on catcher 's interference , Arias to second . Murphy batting . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 4th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Gutierrez singled to center . Gutierrez stole second . Griffey Jr walked . Lopez struck out swinging . Byrnes grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Griffey Jr out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Colome pitching for Mariners . Hamilton doubled to deep center . Guerrero flied out to center . Cruz struck out swinging . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Moore popped out to second . Ja Wilson singled to left . Ja Wilson to second on wild pitch by Feldman . Suzuki flied out to center . Figgins doubled to right , Ja Wilson scored . Kotchman popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Colome pitching for Mariners . Treanor hit by pitch . Arias singled to right , Treanor to third . Andrus walked , Arias to second . Murphy hit sacrifice fly to left , Treanor scored , Arias to third , Andrus to second . Young hit sacrifice fly to center , Arias scored . Hamilton flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Gutierrez flied out to right . Griffey Jr flied out to right . Lopez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Texeira pitching for Mariners . Guerrero singled to left center . Cruz walked , Guerrero to second . Guerrero to third on wild pitch by Texeira . Davis struck out looking . Treanor singled to right , Guerrero scored , Cruz to second . Arias grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Treanor out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Byrnes struck out looking . Moore grounded out to third . Ja Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Texeira pitching for Mariners . Andrus singled to right . Murphy lined out to right . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Andrus out at second . Hamilton lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Figgins flied out to center . Kotchman doubled to deep center . Gutierrez singled to left , Kotchman thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . League pitching for Mariners . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Cruz singled to center . Davis singled to left , Cruz to second . Treanor singled to left , Cruz scored , Davis to third . Arias popped out to first . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Ray pitching for Rangers . Griffey Jr flied out to center . Lopez flied out to left . Byrnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 2 - Rangers 9 .	Feldman goes 7 strong as Rangers defeat M 's