Mariners - Top 1st . Sheets pitching for Athletics . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Figgins flied out to left . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Pennington flied out to left . Barton doubled to deep right . Sweeney singled to left , Barton to third . Suzuki singled to left , Barton scored , Sweeney to second . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop , Sweeney to third , Suzuki to second . Cust struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Sheets pitching for Athletics . Lopez singled to left . Griffey Jr flied out to center . Kotchman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Chavez flied out to left . Rosales singled to center . Davis doubled to left , Rosales to third . Rosales picked off third . Pennington struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Sheets pitching for Athletics . Jo Wilson flied out to left . Johnson homered to left ( 351 feet ) . Saunders fouled out to third . Suzuki walked . Suzuki stole second . Figgins grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Barton struck out looking . Sweeney singled to center . Suzuki doubled to left , Sweeney to third . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . Cust singled to deep right , Sweeney and Suzuki scored . Cust to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Chavez struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Sheets pitching for Athletics . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to third . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Rosales struck out swinging . Davis reached on infield single to second . Davis caught stealing second , catcher to second . Pennington walked . Barton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Sheets pitching for Athletics . Kotchman walked . Jo Wilson fouled out to third . Johnson singled to left center , Kotchman to second . Saunders struck out swinging . Suzuki singled to left , Johnson thrown out at third , Kotchman to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Sweeney singled to left center . Suzuki grounded out to third , Sweeney to second . Kouzmanoff grounded out to third . Cust walked . Chavez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Sheets pitching for Athletics . Figgins doubled to left . Gutierrez walked . Lopez flied out to left , Figgins to third , Gutierrez to second . Griffey Jr popped out to second . Kotchman singled to deep right , Figgins and Gutierrez scored , Kotchman out stretching at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Rosales flied out to right . Davis struck out swinging . Pennington doubled to deep right . Barton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Sheets pitching for Athletics . Jo Wilson singled to center . Jo Wilson stole second . Johnson struck out swinging . Saunders struck out swinging . Suzuki intentionally walked . Figgins singled to left , Jo Wilson scored , Suzuki to second . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Gutierrez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Texeira pitching for Mariners . Sweeney singled to right . Suzuki hit by pitch , Sweeney to second . White pitching for Mariners . Kouzmanoff singled to center , Sweeney scored , Suzuki to third . Cust struck out swinging . Chavez hit sacrifice fly to center , Suzuki scored . Rosales reached on infield single to third , Kouzmanoff to second . Davis reached on infield single to shortstop , Kouzmanoff to third , Rosales to second . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Pennington struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Gross in left field . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Griffey Jr singled to left . Langerhans ran for Griffey Jr. Kotchman singled to center , Langerhans to third . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Sweeney hit for Jo Wilson . Sweeney hit sacrifice fly to center , Langerhans scored . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Tuiasosopo at shortstop . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Barton walked . Sweeney flied into double play , left to first , Barton doubled off first . Suzuki popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Saunders walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Saunders out at second . Figgins flied out to center . Gutierrez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Gross walked . League pitching for Mariners . Chavez struck out swinging . Rosales grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 10th . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Lopez grounded out to third . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Lopez grounded out to third . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Lopez grounded out to third . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Lopez grounded out to third . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Langerhans struck out looking . Kotchman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 10th . League pitching for Mariners . Davis fouled out to shortstop . Pennington walked . Barton flied out to center , Pennington to second . Pennington to third on wild pitch by League . Sweeney intentionally walked . Sweeney to second on fielder 's indifference . Suzuki singled to center , Pennington scored , Sweeney to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 5 - Athletics 6 .	Suzuki 's 10th - inning single lifts A 's past Mariners