Padres - Top 1st . Lee pitching for Mariners . Venable struck out swinging . Eckstein singled to center . Gonzalez doubled to left , Eckstein to third . Headley singled to left , Eckstein scored , Gonzalez to third . Hundley struck out swinging . Salazar singled to shallow left , Gonzalez scored , Headley to second . Hairston Jr. popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . LeBlanc pitching for Padres . Suzuki popped out to third . Figgins struck out looking . Gutierrez safe at first on error by right fielder Venable . Sweeney singled to center , Gutierrez to third . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sweeney out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 2nd . Lee pitching for Mariners . Denorfia lined out to right . Cabrera lined out to center . Venable grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . LeBlanc pitching for Padres . Bradley reached on infield single to shortstop . Kotchman walked , Bradley to second . Bard walked , Bradley to third , Kotchman to second . Jo Wilson singled to right , Bradley scored , Kotchman to third , Bard to second . Suzuki singled to right , Kotchman scored , Bard to third , Jo Wilson to second . Figgins hit sacrifice fly to right , Bard scored , Jo Wilson to third . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jo Wilson scored , Suzuki to second . Sweeney homered to left ( 405 ) , Suzuki and Gutierrez scored . Lopez flied out to right . Bradley popped out to first . 7 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Lee pitching for Mariners . Eckstein doubled to deep left . Gonzalez doubled to deep left , Eckstein scored . Headley safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Lopez , Gonzalez scored . Hundley flied out to right . Salazar grounded out to first , Headley to third . Hairston Jr. struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . LeBlanc pitching for Padres . Kotchman flied out to left . Bard homered to left ( 407 ) . Jo Wilson struck out swinging . Suzuki flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Denorfia doubled to left . Cabrera flied out to right , Denorfia to third . Venable struck out swinging . Eckstein flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Ramos pitching for Padres . Figgins flied out to left . Gutierrez doubled to deep center . Sweeney homered to left ( 376 ) , Gutierrez scored . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Bradley singled to center . Kotchman singled to center , Bradley to third . Bard doubled to deep center , Bradley and Kotchman scored . Jo Wilson doubled to left , Bard scored . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez doubled to deep left . Headley grounded out to third . Hundley struck out swinging . Salazar lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Ramos pitching for Padres . Figgins reached on infield single to second . Gutierrez walked , Figgins to second . Russell pitching for Padres . Sweeney singled to center , Figgins scored , Gutierrez to second . Lopez popped out to second . Bradley singled to right , Gutierrez to third , Sweeney to second . Kotchman grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gutierrez scored , Bradley out at second , Sweeney to third . Bard struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Hairston Jr. struck out looking . Denorfia lined out to left . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Gwynn in center field . Denorfia in left field . Russell pitching for Padres . Jo Wilson grounded out to third . Suzuki struck out swinging . Figgins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Venable struck out swinging , Venable safe at first on wild pitch by Lee . Eckstein singled to center , Venable to second . Gonzalez singled to left , Venable to third , Eckstein to second . Headley hit sacrifice fly to center , Venable scored . Hundley hit ground rule double to deep center , Eckstein scored , Gonzalez to third . Colome pitching for Mariners . Salazar singled to center , Gonzalez and Hundley scored . Gwynn grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Salazar out at second . Denorfia flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Gutierrez struck out looking . Sweeney struck out swinging . Lopez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Colome pitching for Mariners . Cabrera singled to right . Venable struck out swinging . Eckstein singled to right , Cabrera to second . Cabrera to third , Eckstein to second on wild pitch by Colome . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Headley fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Webb pitching for Padres . Bradley grounded out to first . Kotchman flied out to center . Bard walked . Jo Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Saunders in left field . League pitching for Mariners . Hundley singled to center . Salazar popped out to shortstop . Gwynn grounded out to first , Hundley to second . Denorfia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 8 - Mariners 15 .	Sweeney homers twice as Mariners rout Padres