Mariners - Top 1st . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Suzuki struck out swinging . Langerhans struck out swinging . Gutierrez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Andrus singled to center . Young singled to left , Andrus to second . Kinsler bunted into double play , catcher to shortstop to first , Young out at second , Andrus to third . Guerrero singled to left , Andrus scored . Hamilton homered to right center ( 450 feet ) , Guerrero scored . Smoak lined out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Lopez flied out to right . Jo Wilson flied out to right . Carp walked . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Murphy grounded out to second . Treanor flied out to center . Borbon singled to right . Andrus lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Saunders singled to right center . Figgins singled to center , Saunders to third , Saunders scored , Figgins to third on throwing error by center fielder Borbon . Suzuki struck out looking . Langerhans walked . Gutierrez hit sacrifice fly to center , Figgins scored . Lopez lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Young homered to left ( 400 feet ) . Kinsler singled to center . Guerrero walked , Kinsler to second . Hamilton flied out to left . Smoak safe at first on error by second baseman Figgins , Kinsler scored , Guerrero to third . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guerrero scored , Smoak out at second . Murphy stole second . Treanor singled to right , Murphy scored . Treanor to second on wild pitch by Rowland - Smith . Borbon walked . Andrus struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 4th . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Jo Wilson popped out to first . Carp flied out to left . Johnson hit by pitch . Saunders singled to right , Johnson to third . Figgins singled to center , Johnson scored , Saunders to second . Suzuki grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Young flied out to left . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Langerhans walked . Gutierrez flied out to left . Lopez flied out to left . Langerhans stole second . Jo Wilson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Hamilton struck out swinging . Smoak flied out to center . Murphy singled to right . Treanor lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Carp singled to right . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Carp out at second . Saunders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Borbon singled to center . Borbon caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Young singled to center . League pitching for Mariners . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Young safe at third on error by shortstop Jo Wilson . Guerrero singled to center , Young scored , Kinsler to third . Hamilton reached on infield single to second , Kinsler scored , Guerrero to second . Smoak doubled to deep right center , Guerrero and Hamilton scored . Murphy singled to center , Smoak scored . Treanor struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . Blanco at third base . Arias at second base . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Figgins struck out looking . Suzuki struck out swinging . Langerhans struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Borbon singled to left center . Andrus struck out swinging . Blanco fouled out to right . Arias flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Gentry in left field . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Gutierrez grounded out to second . Lopez struck out looking . Jo Wilson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Olson pitching for Mariners . Guerrero struck out swinging . Gentry grounded out to second . Smoak doubled to deep left . Murphy fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Carp struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Saunders flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Rangers 12 .	Hamilton 's 4th HR in last 7 games keys Rangers