Royals - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Podsednik flied out to left . Kendall singled to left . DeJesus lined out to shortstop . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Bannister pitching for Royals . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Figgins struck out swinging . Branyan struck out swinging . Lopez doubled to deep left center , Suzuki scored . Gutierrez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo reached on infield single to second . Aviles struck out swinging . Maier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Bannister pitching for Royals . Kotchman grounded out to first . Johnson popped out to second . Ja Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop . Saunders walked , Ja Wilson to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Saunders out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Betancourt grounded out to third . Podsednik walked . Kendall grounded into double play , third to second to first , Podsednik out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Bannister pitching for Royals . Figgins grounded out to second . Branyan flied out to center . Lopez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . DeJesus singled to left . Butler grounded out to third , DeJesus to second . Guillen singled to center , DeJesus to third . Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to center , DeJesus scored . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guillen out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Gutierrez flied out to right . Kotchman grounded out to first . Johnson walked . Ja Wilson popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Maier grounded out to pitcher . Betancourt struck out swinging . Podsednik lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Saunders doubled to right . Suzuki grounded out to second , Saunders to third . Figgins singled to shallow left , Saunders scored . Branyan homered to right ( 351 feet ) , Figgins scored . Lopez flied out to left . Gutierrez grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Kendall struck out swinging . DeJesus walked . Butler doubled to deep left , DeJesus scored . Guillen struck out swinging . Callaspo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Kotchman grounded out to first . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . Ja Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Aviles singled to left . Maier struck out swinging . Betancourt flied out to left . Aviles to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Podsednik flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Saunders grounded out to second . Suzuki grounded out to second . Figgins popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . League pitching for Mariners . Kendall singled to right . DeJesus singled to center , Kendall to third . Butler hit sacrifice fly to right , Kendall scored . Guillen singled to center , DeJesus to third . Callaspo singled to center , DeJesus scored , Guillen to second . Olson pitching for Mariners . Aviles flied out to left . Maier walked , Guillen to third , Callaspo to second . Sweeney pitching for Mariners . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Maier out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Branyan walked . Lopez hit ground rule double to deep right , Branyan to third . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Kotchman intentionally walked . Bradley hit for Johnson . Bradley struck out swinging . Ja Wilson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Bard catching . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Podsednik reached on bunt single to second . Kendall sacrificed to pitcher , Podsednik to second . DeJesus struck out swinging . Butler intentionally walked . Guillen lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Farnsworth pitching for Royals . Saunders flied out to center . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Figgins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 10th . Cordero pitching for Mariners . Callaspo walked . Callaspo caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . Maier tripled to deep right center . Betancourt singled to left , Maier scored . Betancourt to second on wild pitch by Cordero . Podsednik singled to left , Betancourt scored . Podsednik caught stealing second , catcher to second . Kendall batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 10th . Soria pitching for Royals . Branyan struck out swinging . Lopez walked . Gutierrez popped out to second . Kotchman singled to left , Lopez to second . Jo Wilson ran for Kotchman . Bard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Mariners 4 .	Betancourt punishes M 's as Royals win in 10