Yankees - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Jeter safe at first on error by shortstop Jo Wilson . Swisher singled to center , Jeter to second . Teixeira grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Swisher out at second , Jeter to third . Rodriguez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Figgins singled to left , Suzuki thrown out at third . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Figgins out at second . Branyan fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Cano lined out to center . Posada grounded out to third . Granderson singled to right . Gardner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Kotchman struck out swinging . Bard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Pena grounded out to third . Jeter grounded out to third . Swisher singled to center . Teixeira singled to left , Swisher to second . Rodriguez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Jo Wilson struck out swinging . Saunders struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Cano flied out to left . Posada singled to center . Granderson singled to right center , Posada to second . Gardner struck out swinging . Pena flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Figgins walked . Gutierrez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Figgins out at second . Branyan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Jeter flied out to left . Swisher doubled to left . Teixeira grounded out to third . Rodriguez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Kotchman lined out to right . Bard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Cano singled to center . Posada flied out to left . Granderson flied out to center . Gardner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Jo Wilson singled to left . Saunders singled to center , Jo Wilson to second . Suzuki reached on bunt single to pitcher , Jo Wilson to third , Saunders to second , Jo Wilson scored , Saunders to third , Suzuki to second on throwing error by pitcher Pettitte . Figgins grounded out to third . Gutierrez intentionally walked . Branyan struck out looking . Lopez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 7th . Thames hit for Pena . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Thames flied out to center . Jeter grounded out to third . Swisher walked . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Swisher out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Russo at third base . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Kotchman walked . Bard flied out to right . Jo Wilson hit by pitch , Kotchman to second . Saunders struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez walked . Cano singled to right , Rodriguez to second . Sweeney pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez to third on wild pitch by Sweeney . Posada grounded into double play , second to first , Rodriguez scored , Cano out at second . Granderson singled to deep right . Gardner flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Figgins walked . Gutierrez popped out to second . Branyan struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Russo struck out swinging . Jeter walked . Swisher doubled to deep right , Jeter to third . Teixeira fouled out to catcher . Rodriguez singled to right center , Jeter and Swisher scored , Rodriguez to third on throwing error by right fielder Suzuki . Cano intentionally walked . Posada struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Kotchman struck out swinging . Bard grounded out to first . Jo Wilson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 3 - Mariners 1 .	A - Rod lifts Yanks over M 's