Red Sox - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . Lowrie struck out swinging . Ortiz fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Figgins struck out swinging , Suzuki stole second . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Lopez hit ground rule double to left , Suzuki scored . Smoak walked . Bradley flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Drew fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Saunders lined out to center . Johnson struck out looking . Ja Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Cameron walked . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cameron out at second . Cash struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hall out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Figgins walked , Suzuki to second . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Figgins out at second , Suzuki to third . Lopez popped out to shortstop . Smoak grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Lowrie singled to left . Ortiz grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Lowrie out at second . Youkilis singled to left . Beltre doubled to deep left center , Youkilis scored . Drew popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Bradley struck out looking . Saunders hit ground rule double to deep right . Johnson popped out to first . Ja Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Saunders out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Cameron doubled to deep left , Cameron to third on throwing error by left fielder Saunders . Hall popped out to shortstop . Cash fouled out to first . Scutaro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki lined out to left . Jo Wilson hit for Figgins . Jo Wilson doubled to deep left center . Gutierrez grounded out to second , Jo Wilson to third . Lopez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Jo Wilson at second base . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Lowrie grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz singled to right . Youkilis hit ground rule double to deep left center , Ortiz to third . Beltre intentionally walked . Ortiz picked off third . Drew walked , Youkilis to third , Beltre to second . Cameron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Smoak fouled out to third . Bradley grounded out to first . Saunders walked . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Johnson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Hall homered to left ( 351 feet ) . Cash reached on infield single to shortstop . Scutaro flied out to right . Lowrie grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cash out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Ja Wilson walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ja Wilson out at second . Jo Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . League pitching for Mariners . Ortiz struck out swinging . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Smoak struck out looking . Bradley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . League pitching for Mariners . Drew grounded out to first . Cameron singled to center . Hermida hit for Hall . Hermida reached on infield single to shortstop , Cameron to second . Patterson ran for Hermida . Cash grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Patterson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Patterson in left field . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Saunders bunt grounded out to pitcher . Kotchman hit for Johnson . Kotchman struck out swinging . Ja Wilson doubled to right . Suzuki intentionally walked . Jo Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 2 - Mariners 1 .	Beckett solid in return