Athletics - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Crisp reached on bunt single to third . Barton singled to center , Crisp to second . Suzuki singled to shallow left , Crisp to third , Barton to second . Cust struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Suzuki struck out swinging . Figgins struck out swinging . Lopez walked . Gutierrez doubled to left , Lopez to third . Kotchman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Ellis struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . Carter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Moore flied out to right . Langerhans struck out swinging . Tuiasosopo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Pennington struck out swinging . Crisp reached on infield single to shortstop . Barton grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Crisp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Jo Wilson popped out to second . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Figgins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Suzuki flied out to right . Cust walked . Kouzmanoff struck out looking . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Lopez grounded out to third . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Kotchman singled to left . Moore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Davis struck out looking . Carter struck out swinging . Pennington singled to center . Pennington caught stealing second , catcher to second . Crisp batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Langerhans grounded out to shortstop . Tuiasosopo struck out swinging . Jo Wilson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Crisp flied out to left . Barton struck out swinging . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Figgins sacrificed to pitcher , Suzuki to second . Lopez grounded out to third . Gutierrez intentionally walked . Kotchman singled to right , Suzuki scored , Gutierrez to second . Gutierrez stole third . Moore struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Cust flied out to left . Kouzmanoff grounded out to third . Ellis struck out swinging , Ellis safe at first on wild pitch by Hernandez . Davis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Langerhans singled to right center . Langerhans to second on balk by Anderson . Tuiasosopo grounded out to shortstop . Jo Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Carter struck out swinging . Pennington grounded out to shortstop . Crisp struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Figgins singled to center . Lopez singled to right , Figgins to third . Saunders ran for Lopez . Gutierrez singled to left , Figgins scored , Saunders to second . Kotchman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gutierrez out at second , Saunders to third . Moore flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Barton flied out to center . Suzuki grounded out to second . Cust struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 0 - Mariners 2 .	Hernandez strikes out 13 to power M 's shutout