Angels - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Callaspo lined out to pitcher . Kendrick flied out to right . Abreu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Angels . Suzuki flied out to left . Figgins singled to center . Figgins stole second . Gutierrez grounded out to third . Branyan walked . Figgins to third , Branyan to second on passed ball by Mathis . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hunter singled to center . Matsui lined out to left . Napoli walked , Hunter to second . Aybar reached on infield single to second , Hunter to third , Napoli to second . Mathis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Aybar out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Angels . Kotchman struck out swinging . Saunders struck out looking . Moore singled to left center . Jo Wilson singled to center , Moore to second . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop , Moore out at home , Jo Wilson to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Bourjos grounded out to third . Callaspo singled to left . Callaspo stole second , Callaspo safe at third on error by second baseman Figgins . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Callaspo out at home . Abreu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Angels . Figgins grounded out to first . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Branyan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hunter struck out looking . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . Napoli walked . Aybar lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Angels . Lopez struck out looking . Kotchman singled to left . Saunders flied out to right . Moore grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kotchman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Mathis struck out swinging . Bourjos grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Angels . Jo Wilson flied out to right . Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher . Figgins flied out to left . Suzuki stole second . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Kendrick struck out swinging . Abreu struck out looking . Hunter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Haren pitching for Angels . Branyan flied out to center . Lopez doubled to deep right center . Kotchman lined out to left . Saunders walked . Moore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Matsui walked . Napoli grounded out to shortstop , Matsui to second . Aybar struck out swinging . Mathis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Haren pitching for Angels . Jo Wilson struck out swinging . Suzuki flied out to left . Figgins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . League pitching for Mariners . Bourjos struck out swinging . Callaspo doubled to deep left . Kendrick hit ground rule double to deep left center , Callaspo scored . Abreu intentionally walked . Hunter grounded into double play , third to first , Kendrick out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Branyan walked . Tuiasosopo ran for Branyan . Lopez singled to center , Tuiasosopo to third . Kotchman walked , Lopez to second . Saunders hit sacrifice fly to right , Tuiasosopo scored , Lopez to third . Moore singled to center , Lopez scored , Kotchman to second . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Jo Wilson singled to center , Kotchman scored , Moore to second , Moore to third on error by center fielder Bourjos . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 9th . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Matsui walked . Napoli grounded into double play , third to second to first , Matsui out at second . Aybar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 1 - Mariners 3 .	Moore sparks late rally as M 's take down Angels