Mariners - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Suzuki struck out swinging . Figgins flied out to right . Branyan singled to right . Branyan to second on wild pitch by Santana . Gutierrez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Callaspo grounded out to pitcher . Abreu struck out looking . Hunter lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Lopez grounded out to third . Kotchman grounded out to shortstop . Moore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Matsui walked . Napoli flied out to center . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Matsui out at second . Aybar stole second . Kendrick singled to right , Aybar scored , Kendrick to second advancing on throw . Mathis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Saunders struck out swinging . Jo Wilson grounded out to second . Suzuki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Bourjos reached on infield single to shortstop . Callaspo flied out to left . Bourjos stole second . Abreu flied into double play , left to second , Bourjos doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Figgins reached on infield single to shortstop . Branyan flied out to center . Gutierrez flied out to center . Lopez lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hunter struck out swinging . Matsui homered to center ( 397 feet ) . Napoli struck out swinging . Aybar flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Kotchman lined out to center . Moore lined out to right . Saunders popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Kendrick safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lopez . Mathis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kendrick safe at second on error by shortstop Jo Wilson . Bourjos reached on bunt single to pitcher , Kendrick to third , Mathis to second . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kendrick out at home , Mathis to third , Bourjos to second . Abreu grounded out to second , Mathis scored , Bourjos to third , Callaspo to second . Hunter singled to center , Bourjos and Callaspo scored . Matsui walked , Hunter to second . Napoli struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Jo Wilson popped out to shortstop . Suzuki struck out swinging . Figgins tripled to right . Branyan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Aybar grounded out to second . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Santana pitching for Angels . Gutierrez popped out to second . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Kotchman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Bourjos grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo singled to left . Abreu walked , Callaspo to second . Wright pitching for Mariners . Hunter doubled to deep right center , Callaspo and Abreu scored . Conger hit for Matsui . Conger struck out swinging . Trumbo hit for Napoli . Trumbo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Willits in left field . Trumbo at first base . Santana pitching for Angels . Moore popped out to second . Saunders walked . Jo Wilson doubled to right , Saunders to third . Suzuki homered to right ( 361 feet ) , Saunders and Jo Wilson scored . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Figgins flied out to right . Branyan singled to right . Gutierrez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Wright pitching for Mariners . Aybar popped out to shortstop . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Mathis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Lopez struck out swinging . Kotchman struck out swinging . Moore singled to left . Moore to second on fielder 's indifference . Saunders walked . Jo Wilson singled to left , Moore scored , Saunders to second . Rodney pitching for Angels . Suzuki lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 4 - Angels 7 .	Matsui , Hunter rock King Felix as Angels top M 's