Mariners - Top 1st . Harden pitching for Rangers . Suzuki popped out to shortstop . Figgins reached on infield single to shortstop . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Figgins out at second . Smoak homered to center ( 425 feet ) , Gutierrez scored . Mangini struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Kinsler flied out to right . Young struck out swinging . Cantu lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Harden pitching for Rangers . Halman flied out to right . Saunders doubled to deep right . Quiroz struck out swinging . Woodward walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Woodward out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Francoeur doubled to deep left . Murphy safe at first on error by second baseman Figgins , Francoeur to third . Molina fouled out to first . Treanor hit sacrifice fly to right , Francoeur scored . Moreland ran for Murphy . Blanco popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Francoeur in left field . Moreland in right field . Harden pitching for Rangers . Figgins hit by pitch . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Figgins out at second . Smoak walked , Gutierrez to second . Mangini grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Smoak out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Borbon struck out looking . Kinsler flied out to left . Young reached on infield single to second . Cantu fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Harden pitching for Rangers . Halman popped out to third . Saunders walked . Quiroz flied out to center . Woodward grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Francoeur lined out to right . Moreland grounded out to second . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Harden pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to center . Figgins doubled to right , Suzuki to third . Gutierrez doubled to left center , Suzuki and Figgins scored , Gutierrez to third on throwing error by left fielder Francoeur . Holland pitching for Rangers . Smoak grounded out to shortstop . Mangini struck out looking . Halman walked . Saunders lined out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Treanor grounded out to second . Blanco flied out to right . Borbon reached on infield single to third . Kinsler reached on infield single to third , Borbon to second . Borbon stole third , Kinsler stole second . Young flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Quiroz doubled to deep left center . Woodward singled to left , Quiroz to third . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Quiroz scored , Woodward safe at second on error by shortstop Blanco . Figgins singled to center , Woodward to third , Suzuki to second . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Smoak struck out swinging . Mangini grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Cantu fouled out to first . Francoeur flied out to center . Moreland walked . Molina singled to left , Moreland to third . Treanor grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Halman struck out swinging . Saunders struck out swinging . Quiroz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Olson pitching for Mariners . Blanco flied out to center . Borbon grounded out to second . Kinsler safe at second on error by shortstop Woodward . Young doubled to right , Kinsler scored . Wright pitching for Mariners . Young to third on wild pitch by Wright . Cantu grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . Lowe pitching for Rangers . Woodward struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to second . Figgins singled to center . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Wright pitching for Mariners . Francoeur singled to left . Moreland flied out to left . Molina singled to right , Francoeur to second . German ran for Molina . Cortes pitching for Mariners . Treanor walked , Francoeur to third , German to second . Blanco walked , Francoeur scored , German to third , Treanor to second . Borbon singled to center , German scored , Treanor to third , Blanco to second . Treanor scored , Blanco to third , Borbon to second on wild pitch by Cortes . Kinsler fouled out to catcher . Young flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Smoak grounded out to second . Mangini flied out to right . Halman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Cortes pitching for Mariners . Cantu flied out to center . Francoeur flied out to right . Moreland walked . Cruz hit for German . Cruz to second on wild pitch by Cortes . Cruz struck out swinging , Cruz safe at first on wild pitch by Cortes , Moreland scored , Cruz to second on throwing error by catcher Quiroz . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Mariners 5 - Rangers 6 .	Rangers ride wild pitch , throwing error past M 's