Athletics - Top 1st . Fister pitching for Mariners . Davis singled to right . Barton fouled out to third . Ellis singled to center , Davis to third . Cust grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Suzuki singled to left . Figgins grounded into double play , second to first , Suzuki out at second . Gutierrez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Fister pitching for Mariners . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Kouzmanoff singled to center . Hermida grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kouzmanoff out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Smoak doubled to deep left . Moore struck out looking . Mangini struck out swinging . Halman lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Fister pitching for Mariners . Carter singled to center . Pennington lined out to shortstop , Carter to second on throwing error by shortstop Jo Wilson . Davis bunt popped out foul to catcher . Barton singled to right , Carter thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Saunders popped out to second . Jo Wilson singled to right . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Jo Wilson out at second . Figgins walked , Suzuki to second . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Ellis flied out to right . Cust singled to right . Suzuki flied out to center . Kouzmanoff popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Smoak walked . Moore walked , Smoak to second . Mangini sacrificed to third , Smoak to third , Moore to second . Halman struck out swinging . Saunders walked . Jo Wilson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Hermida singled to center . Carter flied out to center . Pennington flied out to right . Davis singled to center , Hermida to second . Barton reached on infield single to shortstop , Hermida to third , Davis to second . Hermida scored , Davis to third , Barton to second on balk by Fister . Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop , Davis scored , Barton to third . Ellis stole second . Cust singled to shallow left , Barton and Ellis scored . Suzuki lined out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Suzuki flied out to center . Figgins struck out swinging . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Kouzmanoff singled to left center . Hermida lined out to left . Carter homered to left ( 411 feet ) , Kouzmanoff scored . Sweeney pitching for Mariners . Pennington walked . Davis singled to center , Pennington to third . Barton lined out to shortstop . Davis stole second . Pennington scored , Davis safe at third on throwing error by catcher Moore . Ellis grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Smoak walked . Moore struck out swinging . Mangini singled to left , Smoak to second . Halman struck out swinging . Saunders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Sweeney pitching for Mariners . Cust grounded out to first . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Jo Wilson lined out to first . Suzuki safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Pennington . Figgins grounded out to shortstop , Suzuki to second . Gutierrez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 8th . Varvaro pitching for Mariners . Hermida lined out to left . Carter struck out swinging . Pennington homered to right ( 355 feet ) . Davis singled to left . Barton walked , Davis to second . Davis to third on wild pitch by Varvaro . Ellis flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Gross in left field . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Smoak singled to right center . Smoak to second on wild pitch by Mazzaro . Moore walked . Mangini grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Moore out at second , Smoak to third . Halman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Smoak scored , Mangini out at second . Saunders flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Varvaro pitching for Mariners . Cust walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cust out at second . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Hermida grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Mazzaro pitching for Athletics . Jo Wilson flied out to center . Suzuki reached on infield single to first . Figgins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at second . Figgins to second on wild pitch by Mazzaro . Gutierrez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 8 - Mariners 1 .	Gonzalez solid through seven as A 's drop M 's