Angels - Top 1st . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Upton flied out to right . Ohtani struck out looking . Rendon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Canha walked . Pinder struck out swinging . Laureano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Canha out at second . Olson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Walsh grounded out to first . Lagares reached on infield single to third . Rojas grounded out to first , Lagares to second . Ward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Lowrie struck out swinging . Chapman struck out swinging . Murphy lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Butera flied out to right . Fletcher struck out looking . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Piscotty singled to right . Andrus struck out swinging . Canha singled to right , Piscotty to second . Pinder walked , Canha to second , Piscotty to third . Laureano grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pinder out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Ohtani walked . Rendon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ohtani out at second . Walsh struck out swinging . Lagares struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Olson popped out to shortstop . Lowrie singled to center . Chapman flied out to left . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lowrie out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Rojas lined out to first . Ward grounded out to shortstop . Butera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Piscotty singled to center . Andrus grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Piscotty out at second . Canha singled to left . Pinder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Canha out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Fletcher flied out to shortstop . Upton grounded out to third . Ohtani flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Slegers pitching for Angels . Laureano struck out swinging . Olson doubled to left . Lowrie walked . Chapman reached on infield single to shortstop , Olson scored on throwing error by shortstop Fletcher , Chapman to second , Lowrie safe at third on error . Murphy singled to center , Lowrie scored and Chapman scored . Brown hit for Piscotty . Claudio pitching for Angels . Brown walked , Murphy to second . Andrus singled to right , Murphy scored , Brown to second . Canha singled to right , Andrus to second , Brown to third . Kemp hit for Pinder . Guerra pitching for Angels . Kemp hit sacrifice fly to center , Brown scored . Laureano grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 7th . Kemp at second base . Brown in right field . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Rendon flied out to right . Walsh flied out to left . Lagares grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Guerra pitching for Angels . Olson flied out to left . Lowrie grounded out to shortstop . Chapman walked . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Rojas struck out looking . Ward struck out looking . Butera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Guerra pitching for Angels . Brown struck out , Brown to first on passed ball by Butera . Andrus struck out swinging , Brown to second on wild pitch by Guerra . Canha walked . Kemp grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Canha out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Fletcher flied out to right . Upton doubled to deep left . Ohtani flied out to right , Upton to third . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 0 - Athletics 5 .	Bassitt pitches two - hitter , fans nine as A 's beat Angels 5 - 0