Athletics - Top 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Canha grounded out to shortstop . Kemp walked . Olson grounded out to first , Kemp to second . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Tapia struck out swinging . Daza walked . Blackmon grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Daza out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Pinder grounded out to shortstop . Brown grounded out to second . Chapman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . McMahon struck out looking . Fuentes flied out to center . Cron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Andrus singled to center . Kaprielian struck out looking . Canha struck out swinging , Andrus stole second . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Rodgers grounded out to third . Nuñez doubled to right . Márquez flied out to center . Tapia singled to left , Nuñez scored . Daza grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tapia out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Olson safe at first on fielding error by second baseman McMahon . Murphy grounded out to third , Olson to second . Pinder grounded out to pitcher , Olson to third . Brown flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Blackmon singled to center . McMahon singled to center , Blackmon to second . Fuentes walked , McMahon to second , Blackmon to third . Cron struck out swinging . Rodgers hit sacrifice fly to center , Blackmon scored , McMahon to third . Nuñez walked , Fuentes to second . Márquez lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Chapman singled to center . Andrus flied out to right . Kaprielian sacrificed to catcher , Chapman to second . Canha flied out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Tapia grounded out to second . Daza singled to right center . Blackmon struck out looking . McMahon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Kemp doubled to deep right . Olson grounded out to pitcher . Murphy doubled to deep left center , Kemp scored . Pinder struck out swinging . Brown grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Romo pitching for Athletics . Fuentes singled to left center . Cron popped out to second . Rodgers singled to shallow left , Fuentes to second . Nuñez flied out to right , Fuentes to third . Adams hit for Márquez . Adams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Givens pitching for Rockies . Chapman struck out looking . Andrus doubled to deep right . Moreland hit for Romo . Moreland singled to shallow center , Andrus to third . Bolt ran for Moreland . Canha struck out swinging . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Diekman pitching for Athletics . Tapia grounded out to shortstop . Daza grounded out to shortstop . Blackmon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Bard pitching for Rockies . Hampson in center field . Olson singled to deep right . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Olson out at second . Pinder grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Petit pitching for Athletics . McMahon singled to center . Fuentes reached on infield single to shortstop , McMahon to second . Cron flied out to right , McMahon to third . Rodgers hit by pitch , Fuentes to second . Nuñez hit sacrifice fly to center , McMahon scored . Hampson struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Bard pitching for Rockies . Brown reached on infield single to shortstop . Chapman popped out to third . Andrus struck out swinging . Lowrie hit for Petit . Brown to second on fielder 's indifference . Lowrie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 1 - Rockies 3 .	Márquez , bullpen propel Rockies to 3 - 1 win over Athletics