Athletics - Top 1st . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Canha singled to center . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Canha out at second . Olson grounded out to third , Marte to second . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Montas pitching for Athletics . Anderson grounded out to second . Hernandez walked . Abreu struck out swinging , Hernandez stole second . Jiménez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Lowrie grounded out to second . Chapman homered to left ( 405 feet ) . Harrison hit by pitch . Piscotty walked , Harrison to second . Machín walked , Piscotty to second , Harrison to third . Canha singled to shallow left , Harrison scored , Machín to second , Piscotty to third . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Canha to second , Machín to third , Piscotty out at home . Olson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Montas pitching for Athletics . Moncada walked . Vaughn struck out swinging . Robert struck out looking . Goodwin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Gomes grounded out to pitcher . Lowrie singled to left . Chapman grounded out to shortstop , Lowrie to second . Lowrie to third on passed ball by Zavala . Harrison grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Montas pitching for Athletics . Zavala singled to left . Anderson singled to right , Zavala to third . Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to center , Zavala scored . Abreu struck out swinging . Jiménez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Piscotty grounded out to second . Machín singled to center . Canha grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Machín out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Montas pitching for Athletics . Moncada singled to shallow left center . Vaughn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Moncada out at second . Robert singled to left center . Goodwin walked , Robert to second . Zavala singled to left , Robert scored , Goodwin thrown out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Marte struck out swinging . Olson grounded out to second . Gomes lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Montas pitching for Athletics . Anderson singled to shallow left . Hernandez reached on bunt single to catcher , Anderson to second . Abreu struck out swinging . Jiménez singled to shallow left , Anderson scored , Hernandez to second . Moncada struck out swinging . Vaughn flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Kopech pitching for White Sox . Lowrie struck out swinging . Chapman struck out swinging . Harrison walked . Brown hit for Piscotty . Brown flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Brown in right field . Petit pitching for Athletics . Robert singled to left . Robert stole second . Goodwin grounded out to shortstop , Robert to third . Zavala sacrificed to pitcher , Robert scored . Anderson flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Kopech pitching for White Sox . Machín struck out swinging . Canha grounded out to third . Marte grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Puk pitching for Athletics . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Abreu safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Machín . Jiménez struck out swinging . Abreu to second on wild pitch by Puk . Moncada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 8th . Kimbrel pitching for White Sox . Olson hit by pitch . Gomes struck out swinging . Lowrie hit ground rule double to deep right center , Olson to third . Kemp ran for Lowrie . Chapman struck out swinging . Harrison struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Kemp as designated hitter . Guerra pitching for Athletics . Vaughn flied out to right . Robert homered to left ( 394 feet ) . Goodwin hit by pitch . Zavala fouled out to first . Goodwin stole second . Anderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Brown struck out swinging . Moreland hit for Machín . Moreland struck out swinging . Canha struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 2 - White Sox 5 .	Hendriks gets save as White Sox beat Athletics 5 - 2