Rangers - Top 1st . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Taveras grounded out to first . Kiner - Falefa reached on infield single to second . García grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kiner - Falefa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Harrison singled to center . Marte singled to center , Harrison to second . Olson popped out to second . Canha grounded into double play , first to third to shortstop , Marte out at second , Harrison out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Lowe struck out swinging . Heim struck out swinging . Solak doubled to deep left center . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Gomes flied out to right . Davis grounded out to third . Pinder lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Pozo doubled to shallow left . Hernández singled to left , Hernández safe at second on throwing error by left fielder Canha , Pozo safe at third on error . Taveras fouled out to third . Kiner - Falefa reached on infield single to second , Pozo scored and Hernández scored , Kiner - Falefa to second . García singled to left , Kiner - Falefa to third . Lowe walked , García to second . Heim hit sacrifice fly to center , Kiner - Falefa scored , García to third . Solak struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Kemp flied out to center . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Harrison grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Martin singled to right center . Pozo fouled out to catcher . Hernández struck out swinging , Martin stole second , Martin safe at third on throwing error by catcher Gomes . Taveras tripled to deep right center , Martin scored . Jefferies pitching for Athletics . Kiner - Falefa lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Marte lined out to third . Olson grounded out to second . Canha lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Jefferies pitching for Athletics . García fouled out to right . Lowe struck out looking . Heim singled to center . Solak grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Gomes homered to left ( 361 feet ) . Davis fouled out to first . Pinder struck out swinging . Kemp flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Jefferies pitching for Athletics . Martin struck out looking . Pozo singled to center . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pozo out at second . Hernández stole second . Taveras grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Andrus grounded out to third . Harrison struck out swinging . Marte reached on infield single to shortstop . Marte stole second , Marte safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Hearn . Olson homered to right ( 412 feet ) , Marte scored . Canha flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Jefferies pitching for Athletics . Kiner - Falefa singled to right center . García grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kiner - Falefa out at second . Lowe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Santana pitching for Rangers . Gomes lined out to second . Lowrie hit for Davis . Lowrie grounded out to second . Brown hit for Pinder . Brown grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Lowrie as designated hitter . Brown in right field . Diekman pitching for Athletics . Heim struck out swinging . Solak walked . Peters hit for Martin . Peters struck out swinging . Pozo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Peters in left field . Santana pitching for Rangers . Kemp walked . Andrus grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Kemp out at second . Harrison grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Hernández flied out to left . Taveras grounded out to first . Kiner - Falefa struck out , Kiner - Falefa to first on passed ball by Gomes . Kiner - Falefa stole second . García popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Barlow pitching for Rangers . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Olson flied out to center . Canha grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Athletics 3 .	Rangers hold off A 's 4 - 3 to win series , dent Oakland 's hopes