Athletics - Top 1st . Lynch pitching for Royals . Harrison singled to center . Marte hit by pitch , Harrison to second . Olson grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Marte out at second , Harrison to third . Canha struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Blackburn pitching for Athletics . Merrifield struck out swinging . Lopez walked . Perez homered to left center ( 428 feet ) , Lopez scored . Benintendi grounded out to first . Mondesi singled to center . O'Hearn singled to center , Mondesi to second . Dozier lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Lynch pitching for Royals . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Pinder flied out to center . Murphy lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Blackburn pitching for Athletics . Isbel grounded out to shortstop . Rivero grounded out to third . Merrifield lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Lynch pitching for Royals . Andrus walked . Kemp hit by pitch , Andrus to second . Harrison singled to shallow left , Andrus scored , Kemp to second . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Harrison to second , Kemp to third . Payamps pitching for Royals . Olson lined into double play , second to first , Marte doubled off first . Canha walked . Lowrie hit for Davis . Kemp scored , Lowrie safe at first on fielding error by first baseman O'Hearn , Canha to second , Harrison to third . Pinder singled to left , Canha scored and Harrison scored , Lowrie to second . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lowrie out at third . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Lowrie as designated hitter . Blackburn pitching for Athletics . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Perez struck out swinging . Benintendi flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Payamps pitching for Royals . Andrus flied out to shortstop . Kemp bunt grounded out to second . Harrison flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Blackburn pitching for Athletics . Mondesi struck out swinging . O'Hearn grounded out to first . Dozier doubled to deep left center . Isbel fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Speier pitching for Royals . Marte reached on infield single to shortstop . Marte picked off and caught stealing second . Olson struck out swinging . Canha struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Blackburn pitching for Athletics . Rivero singled to left . Merrifield flied out to left . Lopez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rivero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Gomes hit for Lowrie . Speier pitching for Royals . Gomes flied out to second . Pinder reached on infield single to shortstop . Tapia pitching for Royals . Murphy fouled out to second . Andrus singled to left , Pinder to second . Kemp flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Gomes as designated hitter . Blackburn pitching for Athletics . Perez singled to left . Benintendi walked , Perez to second . Guerra pitching for Athletics . Mondesi struck out swinging . O'Hearn fouled out to third . Dozier grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Tapia pitching for Royals . Harrison singled to shallow center . Marte grounded into double play , third to second to first , Harrison out at second . Olson doubled to left . Canha grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Guerra pitching for Athletics . Isbel flied out to center . Rivero singled to left . Merrifield struck out swinging . Lopez walked , Rivero to second . Perez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Staumont pitching for Royals . Gomes popped out to shortstop . Pinder lined out to center . Murphy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Chafin pitching for Athletics . Benintendi flied out to center . Mondesi singled to right . Alberto hit for O'Hearn . Alberto doubled to deep right , Mondesi to third . Dozier struck out swinging . Olivares hit for Isbel . Olivares struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Merrifield in right field . Alberto at second base . Dozier at first base . Olivares in center field . Brentz pitching for Royals . Andrus hit by pitch . Andrus to second on wild pitch by Brentz . Andrus to third on wild pitch by Brentz . Kemp walked . Andrus scored on Brentz wild pitch , Kemp to second on wild pitch by Brentz . Harrison doubled to deep right center , Kemp scored . Zuber pitching for Royals . Harrison to third on wild pitch by Zuber . Marte struck out swinging . Olson walked . Canha grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Harrison scored , Olson out at second . Gomes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Canha out at second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Santana hit for Rivero . Romo pitching for Athletics . Santana grounded out to second . Merrifield flied out to center . Lopez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 7 - Royals 2 .	Royals ' Perez ties Bench 's HR mark with 45th in loss to A 's