Athletics - Top 1st . Diaz pitching for Angels . Harrison hit by pitch . Marte flied out to center . Olson walked , Harrison to second . Canha walked , Olson to second , Harrison to third . Pinder struck out swinging . Chapman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Irvin pitching for Athletics . Marsh grounded out to first . Fletcher singled to right . Ohtani singled to right , Fletcher to second , Fletcher safe at third on fielding error by right fielder Pinder . Gosselin fouled out to first . Walsh grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 2nd . Diaz pitching for Angels . Gomes reached on infield single to third . Davis walked , Gomes to second . Kemp walked , Davis to second , Gomes to third . Harrison singled to shallow left , Gomes scored , Kemp to second , Davis to third . Marte lined out to center . Olson hit sacrifice fly to center , Davis scored , Kemp to third . Tyler pitching for Angels . Canha hit by pitch , Harrison to second . Pinder flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Irvin pitching for Athletics . Suzuki homered to left ( 389 feet ) . Rengifo safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Harrison . Mayfield reached on infield single to second , Rengifo to third . Lagares sacrificed , Rengifo scored , Lagares to first on fielding error by pitcher Irvin , Mayfield to second . Marsh sacrificed to third , Lagares to second , Mayfield to third . Fletcher singled to center , Mayfield scored and Lagares scored . Ohtani popped out to third . Gosselin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fletcher out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Tyler pitching for Angels . Chapman singled to left . Gomes struck out looking . Davis singled to shallow center , Chapman to third . Kemp walked , Davis to second . Harrison hit sacrifice fly to right , Chapman scored , Davis to third . Marte grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Irvin pitching for Athletics . Walsh walked . Suzuki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Walsh out at second . Rengifo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Tyler pitching for Angels . Olson flied out to center . Canha grounded out to shortstop . Pinder flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Irvin pitching for Athletics . Mayfield doubled to left . Lagares struck out looking . Marsh lined out to left . Fletcher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Tyler pitching for Angels . Chapman walked . Gomes lined out to right . Davis reached on infield single to catcher , Chapman to second . Quijada pitching for Angels . Kemp walked , Davis to second , Chapman to third . Harrison grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kemp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Irvin pitching for Athletics . Ohtani flied out to left . Gosselin flied out to right . Walsh grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Quijada pitching for Angels . Marte grounded out to pitcher . Olson singled to left center . Marte pitching for Angels . Canha walked , Olson to second . Brown hit for Pinder . Canha to second on passed ball by Suzuki , Olson to third on passed ball by Suzuki . Brown grounded out to shortstop , Olson scored , Canha to third . Chapman walked , Canha scored . Chapman caught stealing second , catcher to second . Jose Marte pitches to Yan Gomes . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Brown in right field . Irvin pitching for Athletics . Suzuki struck out swinging . Rengifo singled to left . Mayfield lined out to center . Lagares grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rengifo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Wantz pitching for Angels . Gomes flied out to center . Lowrie hit for Davis . Lowrie grounded out to third . Kemp grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Lowrie as designated hitter . Diekman pitching for Athletics . Marsh grounded out to shortstop . Fletcher grounded out to shortstop . Ohtani struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Wantz pitching for Angels . Harrison flied out to left . Marte struck out swinging . Olson singled to center . Canha grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Gosselin grounded out to second . Walsh grounded out to third . Suzuki reached on infield single to third . Wong ran for Suzuki . Rengifo singled to center , Wong thrown out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Stassi catching . Cishek pitching for Angels . Brown grounded out to pitcher . Chapman grounded out to third . Gomes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Romo pitching for Athletics . Mayfield struck out swinging . Rojas hit for Lagares . Rojas singled to right . Marsh lined out to center . Fletcher flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 5 - Angels 4 .	A 's keep pace in wild - card race with 5 - 4 win over Angels