Athletics - Top 1st . Odorizzi pitching for Astros . Kemp singled to center . Marte tripled to left center , Kemp scored . Olson struck out swinging . Pinder doubled to deep right center , Marte scored . Brown lined out to second . Chapman flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Blackburn pitching for Athletics . Altuve singled to left . Brantley grounded out to second , Altuve to second . Bregman walked . Alvarez homered to right ( 375 feet ) , Altuve scored and Bregman scored . Gurriel grounded out to shortstop . Tucker struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Odorizzi pitching for Astros . Davis struck out swinging . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . Kozma flied out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Blackburn pitching for Athletics . Díaz struck out looking . Castro homered to left ( 326 feet ) . Meyers singled to right . Altuve singled to left , Meyers to second . Brantley singled to left , Altuve to second , Meyers to third . Bregman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Meyers scored , Brantley out at second , Altuve to third . Alvarez lined out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Odorizzi pitching for Astros . Kemp singled to right center . Kemp picked off first . Marte singled to left . Olson flied into double play , right to first , Marte doubled off first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Blackburn pitching for Athletics . Gurriel homered to left ( 393 feet ) . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Tucker flied out to left . Díaz doubled to deep right . Castro struck out swinging . Meyers struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Odorizzi pitching for Astros . Pinder walked . Brown popped out to third . Pinder to second on passed ball by Castro , Pinder safe at third on throwing error by catcher Castro . Chapman struck out swinging . Davis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 4th . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Altuve singled to center . Brantley struck out swinging . Bregman lined out to right . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Odorizzi pitching for Astros . Murphy singled to center . Kozma grounded out to third , Murphy to second . Kemp singled to left center , Murphy scored , Kemp out stretching at second . Maton pitching for Astros . Marte reached on infield single to first . Olson singled to left , Marte to second . Pinder walked , Olson to second , Marte to third . Brown grounded out to second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Gurriel struck out swinging . Tucker flied out to center . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Stanek pitching for Astros . Chapman walked . Davis struck out swinging . Murphy flied out to right . Kozma walked , Chapman to second . Kemp flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Castro walked . Meyers sacrificed , Meyers to first on throwing error by pitcher Kaprielian , Meyers to second , Castro to third . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castro out at home . Brantley tripled to deep center , Meyers scored and Altuve scored . Moll pitching for Athletics . Bregman flied out to right . Alvarez lined out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 7th . Raley pitching for Astros . Marte grounded out to third . Olson singled to center . Pinder flied out to center . Brown struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Moll pitching for Athletics . Gurriel singled to center . Tucker homered to left ( 360 feet ) , Gurriel scored . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . Castro flied out to center . Meyers grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Graveman pitching for Astros . Chapman walked . Davis singled to right center , Chapman to third . Murphy struck out swinging . Kozma struck out swinging . Kemp singled to right , Chapman scored , Davis to second . Marte grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Acevedo pitching for Athletics . Altuve singled to center . Brantley lined into double play , to first , Altuve doubled off first . Bregman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Pressly pitching for Astros . Olson grounded out to first . Pinder struck out swinging . Brown doubled to deep right center . Chapman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 4 - Astros 10 .	Astros rout A 's 10 - 4 , secure ALDS home - field advantage