Rockies - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Spilborghs grounded out to third . Barmes safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds . Holliday grounded into double play , third to second to first , Barmes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Young singled to center . Drew singled to center , Young to second . Hudson singled to left , Young scored , Drew to second . Upton struck out swinging . Snyder grounded into double play , third to first , Drew out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton lined out to shortstop . Hawpe struck out swinging . Iannetta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Reynolds grounded out to second . Salazar struck out looking . Burke hit ground rule double to deep left . Webb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Baker struck out swinging . Herrera grounded out to pitcher . Cook struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Young flied out to left . Drew tripled to deep center . Hudson struck out swinging . Upton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop . Barmes singled to center . Holliday struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Snyder singled to left center . Reynolds walked , Snyder to second . Salazar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reynolds out at second , Snyder to third . Burke intentionally walked . Burke stole second . Webb struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Hawpe struck out swinging . Iannetta grounded out to third . Baker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Young doubled to deep left . Drew doubled to deep center , Young scored . Hudson walked . Upton popped out to second . Snyder homered to left center , Drew and Hudson scored . Reynolds walked . Salazar struck out looking . Burke singled to right , Reynolds to second . Webb grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Burke out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Herrera safe at first on error by second baseman Hudson . Taveras hit for Cook . Taveras grounded out to second , Herrera to second . Spilborghs grounded out to pitcher . Barmes reached on infield single to third , Herrera to third . Barmes stole second . Holliday grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Newman pitching for Rockies . Young struck out swinging . Drew doubled to deep left center . Hudson walked . Upton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hudson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton grounded out to shortstop . Hawpe singled to center . Iannetta doubled to deep right center , Hawpe scored . Baker grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Iannetta out at third . Herrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Newman pitching for Rockies . Snyder grounded out to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . Salazar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Podsednik hit for Newman . Podsednik hit for Newman . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Podsednik singled to left , Podsednik to third on error by second baseman Hudson . Podsednik hit for Newman . Podsednik hit for Newman . Podsednik singled to left , Podsednik to third on error by second baseman Hudson . Spilborghs walked . Spilborghs stole second . Barmes grounded out to pitcher , Podsednik scored , Spilborghs to third . Holliday singled to center , Spilborghs scored . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton flied out to center . Atkins hit for Hawpe . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Spilborghs in right field . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Podsednik in center field . Burke struck out swinging . Owings hit for Qualls . Owings flied out to center . Young walked . Drew safe at first on error by second baseman Herrera , Young to second . Hudson singled to left , Young scored , Drew to third . Upton tripled to deep center , Drew and Hudson scored . Arias pitching for Rockies . Snyder grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 9th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Iannetta walked . Baker singled to center , Iannetta to second . Herrera singled to right , Iannetta to third , Baker to second . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Podsednik reached on infield single to second , Iannetta scored , Baker to third , Herrera to second . Spilborghs hit sacrifice fly to right , Baker scored , Herrera to third . Barmes struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Webb turns in rare 9 - 0 start for D - backs