Indians - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Sizemore reached on infield single to second . Sizemore stole second . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Francisco homered to left center , Sizemore scored . Garko hit by pitch . Peralta struck out swinging . Blake struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Sowers pitching for Indians . Taveras grounded out to second . Quintanilla reached on infield single to shortstop . Quintanilla to second on passed ball by Shoppach . Holliday singled to center , Quintanilla scored . Atkins flied out to left . Baker flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Shoppach hit by pitch . Sowers sacrificed to pitcher , Shoppach to second . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Sowers pitching for Indians . Hawpe struck out swinging . Torrealba grounded out to second . Bernier grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Carroll struck out swinging , Carroll safe at first on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Francisco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Carroll out at second . Francisco caught stealing second , catcher to second . Garko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Sowers pitching for Indians . De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop . Taveras reached on bunt single to pitcher . Quintanilla lined out to shortstop . Taveras stole second . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Blake doubled to right . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Shoppach intentionally walked . Sowers struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Sowers pitching for Indians . Atkins reached on infield single to third . Baker flied out to center . Hawpe doubled to left , Atkins to third . Torrealba reached on infield single to third , Atkins scored . Bernier struck out swinging . De La Rosa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Sizemore struck out swinging . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Sowers pitching for Indians . Taveras reached on bunt single to third , Taveras to second on throwing error by third baseman Blake . Quintanilla sacrificed to pitcher , Taveras to third . Holliday singled to center , Taveras scored . Atkins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Holliday out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Garko grounded out to shortstop . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Blake homered to left center . Gutierrez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Sowers pitching for Indians . Baker homered to right . Hawpe grounded out to shortstop . Torrealba doubled to left . Bernier lined out to shortstop . Podsednik hit for De La Rosa . Podsednik grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Shoppach fouled out to catcher . Choo hit for Sowers . Choo grounded out to second . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Taveras reached on infield single to shortstop . Quintanilla grounded out to first , Taveras to second . Holliday intentionally walked . Atkins singled to center , Taveras scored , Holliday to third , Atkins to second advancing on throw . Baker intentionally walked . Hawpe singled to shallow right , Holliday scored , Atkins thrown out at home , Baker to second . Torrealba flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Francisco grounded out to third . Garko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Borowski pitching for Indians . Bernier grounded out to shortstop . Spilborghs hit for Buchholz . Spilborghs doubled to left . Taveras flied out to right . Quintanilla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Peralta popped out to second . Blake doubled to deep left center . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Shoppach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 3 - Rockies 6 .	Rockies trump Indians