Rockies - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Taveras walked . Barmes sacrificed to pitcher , Taveras to second . Holliday grounded out to second , Taveras to third . Atkins walked . Spilborghs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Redman pitching for Rockies . Weeks singled to left . Hardy singled to right , Weeks to second . Braun homered to left , Weeks and Hardy scored . Fielder grounded out to second . Hart flied out to right . Hall grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Torrealba struck out looking . Nix struck out swinging . Quintanilla grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Redman pitching for Rockies . Cameron grounded out to shortstop . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Sabathia grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Redman struck out swinging . Taveras doubled to left . Barmes flied out to right . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Redman pitching for Rockies . Weeks doubled to left . Hardy grounded out to second , Weeks to third . Braun intentionally walked . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Weeks scored , Braun to second . Hart flied out to center , Braun to third . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fielder out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Atkins singled to left center . Spilborghs singled to left , Atkins to second . Torrealba safe at first on error by shortstop Hardy , Atkins to third , Spilborghs to second . Nix grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Atkins scored , Torrealba out at second , Spilborghs to third . Quintanilla grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Redman pitching for Rockies . Cameron doubled to deep right . Kendall flied out to center . Sabathia grounded out to shortstop , Cameron to third . Weeks flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Redman grounded out to third . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . Barmes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Redman pitching for Rockies . Hardy flied out to center . Braun flied out to center . Fielder grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Holliday reached on infield single to third . Atkins walked , Holliday to second . Spilborghs walked , Holliday to third , Atkins to second . Torrealba doubled to right , Holliday and Atkins scored , Spilborghs to third . Podsednik ran for Spilborghs . Nix lined into double play , pitcher to third , Podsednik doubled off third . Quintanilla walked . Hawpe hit for Redman . Hawpe struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Hawpe in right field . Herges pitching for Rockies . Hart safe at first on error by third baseman Barmes . Hall flied out to center . Hart to second on balk by Herges . Cameron flied out to first . Kendall flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Riske pitching for Brewers . Taveras flied out to center . Barmes struck out looking . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Dillon hit for Riske . Herges pitching for Rockies . Dillon singled to center . Weeks singled to left , Dillon to second . Hardy struck out swinging . Braun struck out swinging . Dillon to third , Weeks to second on wild pitch by Herges . Fielder intentionally walked . Hart walked , Dillon scored , Weeks to third , Fielder to second . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Atkins at third base . Koshansky at first base . Hall singled to left , Weeks and Fielder scored , Hart to second , Hart tagged out at third attempting to advance on play . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Gagne pitching for Brewers . Atkins singled to shallow center . Koshansky grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Atkins out at second . Torrealba grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Bowers pitching for Rockies . Cameron walked . Kendall flied out to center . Kapler hit for Gagne . Kapler grounded out to pitcher , Cameron to second . Weeks struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Shouse pitching for Brewers . Nix grounded out to second . Quintanilla grounded out to catcher . Hawpe grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 3 - Brewers 7 .	Sabathia wild but wins in Brewers debut