Rockies - Top 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Podsednik singled to center . Barmes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Podsednik out at second . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Redman pitching for Rockies . Reyes lined out to first . Evans singled to center . Wright walked , Evans to second . Beltran homered to left , Evans and Wright scored . Easley grounded out to second . Delgado popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Hawpe grounded out to second . Atkins grounded out to second . Koshansky struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Redman pitching for Rockies . Tatis grounded out to pitcher . Castro singled to center . Pelfrey sacrificed to pitcher , Castro to second . Reyes singled to center , Castro scored . Evans singled to right center , Reyes to third . Wright grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Evans out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Torrealba struck out swinging . Quintanilla hit ground rule double to deep center . Redman sacrificed to pitcher , Quintanilla to third . Podsednik grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Redman pitching for Rockies . Beltran singled to center . Easley grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Beltran out at second . Delgado grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Easley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Barmes struck out swinging . Holliday reached on infield single to third . Hawpe singled to center , Holliday to third . Atkins grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hawpe out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Redman pitching for Rockies . Tatis singled to center . Castro singled to right , Tatis to third . Pelfrey sacrificed to first , Castro to second . Reyes intentionally walked . Speier pitching for Rockies . Evans hit sacrifice fly to center , Tatis scored , Castro to third . Wright grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Koshansky singled to center . Torrealba grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Koshansky out at second . Quintanilla grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Speier pitching for Rockies . Beltran singled to left . Easley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Beltran out at second . Delgado homered to right center , Easley scored . Tatis grounded out to shortstop . Castro flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Smith hit for Speier . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Smith grounded out to second . Podsednik grounded out to second . Barmes popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Herges pitching for Rockies . Pelfrey singled to left . Reyes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pelfrey out at second . Evans lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Holliday struck out looking . Hawpe grounded out to shortstop . Atkins popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Vizcaino pitching for Rockies . Wright flied out to center . Beltran struck out looking . Easley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Koshansky grounded out to second . Torrealba hit by pitch . Quintanilla fouled out to third . Nix hit for Vizcaino . Nix singled to left , Torrealba to second . Podsednik fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Delgado struck out swinging . Tatis flied out to right . Castro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Smith pitching for Mets . Barmes grounded out to third . Holliday grounded out to second . Hawpe singled to center . Hawpe to second on fielder 's indifference . Atkins lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 0 - Mets 7 .	Pelfrey , Mets ice Rockies , win 9th in row