Padres - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Rockies . Gerut singled to right . Rodriguez singled to right , Gerut to second . Giles doubled to deep left center , Gerut and Rodriguez scored . Gonzalez doubled to deep center , Giles scored . Kouzmanoff fouled out to first . Headley walked . Gonzalez fouled out to second . Carlin singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Headley to second . Young grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Young pitching for Padres . Quintanilla fouled out to third . Sullivan popped out to second . Holliday doubled to deep center . Hawpe walked . Atkins popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Rockies . Gerut flied out to center . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Giles popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Young pitching for Padres . Stewart flied out to left . Tulowitzki lined out to left . Torrealba walked . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez walked . Kouzmanoff homered to right center , Gonzalez scored . Headley fouled out to third . Gonzalez walked . Carlin walked , Gonzalez to second . Young struck out swinging . Gerut homered to right , Gonzalez and Carlin scored . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Rodriguez singled to center . Giles homered to right , Rodriguez scored . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 7 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Young pitching for Padres . Quintanilla flied out to center . Sullivan singled to center . Holliday singled to left , Sullivan to third . Hawpe grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Kouzmanoff singled to left . Headley singled to center , Kouzmanoff to second . Gonzalez flied out to left . Carlin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Headley out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Young pitching for Padres . Atkins doubled to deep left center . Stewart singled to right center , Atkins scored . Tulowitzki singled to center , Stewart to third . Torrealba hit sacrifice fly to right , Stewart scored . Taveras hit for Grilli . Taveras reached on bunt single to third , Tulowitzki to second . Quintanilla struck out swinging . Sullivan tripled to deep right , Tulowitzki and Taveras scored . Holliday walked . Hawpe homered to right , Sullivan and Holliday scored . Atkins fouled out to first . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Herges pitching for Rockies . Taveras in center field . Myrow hit for Young . Myrow grounded out to second . Gerut singled to right . Rodriguez flied out to center . Giles grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Hampson pitching for Padres . Stewart flied out to center . Tulowitzki flied out to left . Torrealba singled to center . Taveras singled to left , Torrealba to second . Quintanilla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Herges pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez singled to deep right . Kouzmanoff fouled out to left . Headley walked , Gonzalez to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Carlin homered to left , Gonzalez and Headley scored . Hampson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Barmes hit for Herges . Hampson pitching for Padres . Barmes singled to center . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Barmes out at second . Hawpe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Gerut fouled out to catcher . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Giles doubled to deep right . Gonzalez singled to center , Giles scored . Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Hampson pitching for Padres . Atkins singled to right center . Stewart flied out to right , Atkins to second . Tulowitzki lined out to left . Torrealba grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Headley hit by pitch . Gonzalez singled to center , Headley to second . Carlin struck out looking . Hairston hit for Hampson . Hairston walked , Headley to third , Gonzalez to second . Gerut grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hairston out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Ledezma pitching for Padres . Taveras walked . Quintanilla flied out to left . Baker hit for Buchholz . Baker struck out looking . Taveras to second on fielder 's indifference . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Rodriguez popped out to second . Giles singled to left . Gonzalez singled to right center , Giles to second . Kouzmanoff singled to right center , Giles to third , Gonzalez to second . Headley walked , Giles scored , Gonzalez to third , Kouzmanoff to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Vizcaino pitching for Rockies . Carlin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Ledezma pitching for Padres . Hawpe singled to right . Atkins walked , Hawpe to second . Stewart flied out to left . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Atkins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 16 - Rockies 7 .	Padres ruin Hernandez 's first start with Rockies