Rockies - Top 1st . Geer pitching for Padres . Barmes singled to left . Taveras singled to left , Barmes to third . Taveras stole second . Holliday grounded out to pitcher . Hawpe struck out swinging . Atkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Giles flied out to right . Rodriguez walked . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Geer pitching for Padres . Stewart grounded out to second . Iannetta walked . Tulowitzki singled to right , Iannetta to second . Jimenez struck out bunting foul . Barmes singled to left center , Iannetta scored , Tulowitzki to second . Taveras singled to center , Tulowitzki scored , Barmes to second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Taveras out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Headley grounded out to first . Venable struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Geer pitching for Padres . Hawpe walked . Atkins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hawpe out at second . Stewart fouled out to third . Iannetta walked , Atkins to second . Tulowitzki lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Hundley grounded out to shortstop . Geer grounded out to second . Giles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Geer pitching for Padres . Jimenez struck out swinging . Barmes flied out to center . Taveras struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Rodriguez hit ground rule double to deep right center . Kouzmanoff fouled out to catcher . Gonzalez walked . Rodriguez to third , Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Jimenez . Headley walked . Venable singled to center , Rodriguez scored , Gonzalez to third , Headley to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez scored , Venable out at second , Headley to third . Hundley walked , Gonzalez to second . Geer walked , Headley scored , Gonzalez to third , Hundley to second . Rusch pitching for Rockies . Giles singled to right , Gonzalez and Hundley scored , Geer to third . Rodriguez singled to right , Geer scored , Giles to second , Giles to third on error by right fielder Hawpe . Kouzmanoff grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 5th . Geer pitching for Padres . Holliday flied out to left . Hawpe fouled out to third . Atkins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Rusch pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez flied out to left . Headley grounded out to shortstop . Venable grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Adams pitching for Padres . Stewart grounded out to first . Iannetta grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Rusch pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Hundley struck out swinging . Adams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Podsednik hit for Rusch . Adams pitching for Padres . Podsednik grounded out to second . Barmes flied out to right . Taveras struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Speier pitching for Rockies . Giles walked . Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop , Giles to second . Kouzmanoff struck out looking . Gonzalez singled to left , Giles scored , Rodriguez to second . Headley hit by pitch , Rodriguez to third , Gonzalez to second . Venable grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rodriguez scored , Headley out at second , Gonzalez to third . Gonzalez singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Venable to second . Hundley struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Reineke pitching for Padres . Iguchi at second base . Smith hit for Holliday . Smith walked . Hawpe flied out to left . Baker hit for Atkins . Baker lined into double play , shortstop to first , Smith doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Smith in left field . Baker at first base . Vizcaino pitching for Rockies . Iguchi struck out swinging . Giles fouled out to catcher . Rodriguez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Reineke pitching for Padres . Stewart singled to center . Iannetta flied out to center . Tulowitzki walked , Stewart to second . Melhuse hit for Vizcaino . Melhuse lined out to first . Barmes tripled to deep right center , Stewart and Tulowitzki scored . Taveras grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Padres 9 .	Padres score six runs in 4th to overtake Rockies