Rockies - Top 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Smith struck out swinging . Tulowitzki singled to center . Holliday walked , Tulowitzki to second . Hawpe walked , Tulowitzki to third , Holliday to second . Iannetta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tulowitzki scored , Hawpe out at second , Holliday to third . Stewart struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Winn grounded out to shortstop . Schierholtz lined out to pitcher . Sandoval struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Koshansky struck out swinging . Quintanilla struck out swinging . Jimenez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Molina singled to deep right . Aurilia walked , Molina to second . Rowand doubled to right , Molina scored , Aurilia to third . Velez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Aurilia out at home , Rowand to third advancing on throw . Vizquel hit sacrifice fly to center , Rowand scored . Lincecum walked , Velez to second . Winn singled to center , Velez scored , Lincecum to second . Schierholtz struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Smith homered to left . Tulowitzki singled to left . Holliday struck out swinging . Tulowitzki to second on wild pitch by Lincecum . Hawpe grounded out to second , Tulowitzki to third . Iannetta walked . Stewart struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Sandoval safe at first on error by second baseman Quintanilla . Molina fouled out to first . Aurilia walked , Sandoval to second . Rowand grounded into double play , third to second to first , Aurilia out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 4th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Koshansky struck out looking . Quintanilla walked . Jimenez struck out bunting foul . Smith hit ground rule double to deep center , Quintanilla to third . Tulowitzki singled to left , Quintanilla and Smith scored . Holliday struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Velez grounded out to second . Vizquel lined out to right . Lincecum walked . Winn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Hawpe grounded out to second . Iannetta walked . Stewart doubled to left , Iannetta to third . Yabu pitching for Giants . Koshansky doubled to deep left center , Iannetta and Stewart scored . Quintanilla grounded out to first , Koshansky to third . Jimenez walked . Smith singled to center , Koshansky scored , Jimenez to third . Tulowitzki flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Schierholtz struck out swinging . Sandoval grounded out to first . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Yabu pitching for Giants . Holliday walked . Misch pitching for Giants . Hawpe singled to deep right , Holliday to third . Iannetta hit sacrifice fly to left , Holliday scored . Stewart struck out looking . Koshansky flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Aurilia grounded out to third . Rowand reached on infield single to third . Velez flied out to left . Vizquel flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Misch pitching for Giants . Quintanilla grounded out to second . Taveras hit for Jimenez . Taveras grounded out to second . Smith grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Taveras in center field . Roberts hit for Misch . Roberts walked . Winn grounded out to third , Roberts to second . Schierholtz grounded out to second , Roberts to third . Sandoval grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Matos pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki homered to left . Holliday flied out to center . Hawpe flied out to right . Iannetta fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Speier pitching for Rockies . Molina walked . Ishikawa hit for Aurilia . Ishikawa grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . Rowand grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Bowker in left field . Espineli pitching for Giants . Holm catching . Ishikawa at first base . Ochoa at shortstop . Gillaspie at third base . Stewart struck out looking . Koshansky grounded out to first . Quintanilla fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Velez grounded out to second . Ochoa struck out swinging . Gillaspie walked . Bowker reached on infield single to shortstop , Gillaspie to second . Schierholtz doubled to right , Gillaspie scored , Bowker to third . McClain hit for Espineli . McClain lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 9 - Giants 4 .	Rockies get first road win in Sept. , handle Giants