Yankees - Top 1st . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Jeter doubled to right . Granderson grounded out to first , Jeter to third . Cano hit sacrifice fly to center , Jeter scored . Rodriguez walked . Teixeira struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Reyes lined out to right . Bonifacio walked . Ramirez grounded out to third , Bonifacio to second . Stanton singled to center , Bonifacio scored . Morrison struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Swisher grounded out to first . Ibanez struck out swinging . Martin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Sanchez homered to right . Infante singled to left . Kearns singled to shallow left , Infante to second . Buck grounded out to third , Infante to third , Kearns to second . Reyes grounded out to shortstop , Infante scored . Bonifacio flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Gardner bunt grounded out to catcher . Jeter flied out to center . Granderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Ramirez grounded out to second . Stanton struck out swinging . Morrison grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Cano flied out to center . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Sanchez walked . Infante grounded into double play , third to second to first , Sanchez out at second . Kearns struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Swisher singled to center . Ibanez doubled to deep left , Swisher to third . Martin reached on infield single to shortstop , Swisher scored . Gardner grounded out to first , Ibanez to third , Martin to second . Jeter grounded out to shortstop , Ibanez scored , Martin to third . Granderson reached on infield single to second , Martin scored . Cano doubled to deep left , Granderson scored . Rodriguez singled to right , Cano scored . Teixeira struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Buck singled to left . Reyes singled to center , Buck to second . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reyes out at second , Buck to third . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to right , Buck scored . Stanton grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Swisher homered to right . Ibanez flied out to left . Martin struck out swinging . Choate pitching for Marlins . Gardner doubled to left . Jeter reached on infield single to second , Gardner to third . Wise hit for Granderson . Wise lined out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Soriano pitching for Yankees . Morrison singled to shallow right . Sanchez struck out looking . Infante flied out to left . Kearns singled to left , Morrison to second . Buck singled to center , Morrison scored , Kearns to third . Reyes flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Nunez doubled to deep center . Hall walked . Chavez struck out swinging . Maxwell walked , Nunez to third , Hall to second . Murphy hit for Ibanez . Murphy lined out to third . Glover pitching for Marlins . Cervelli walked , Nunez scored , Hall to third , Maxwell to second . Dickerson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Wade pitching for Yankees . Bonifacio doubled to left . Ramirez walked . Stanton singled to center , Bonifacio scored , Ramirez to second . Morrison struck out looking . Coghlan hit for Sanchez . Coghlan walked , Ramirez to third , Stanton to second . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez scored , Coghlan out at second , Stanton to third , Stanton scored , Infante to second on throwing error by second baseman Bernier . Kearns flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Mujica pitching for Marlins . Bernier struck out swinging . Wise grounded out to second . Nunez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Kontos pitching for Yankees . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . Solano singled to left . Murphy flied out to left . Ozuna flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Gaudin pitching for Marlins . Hall doubled to deep right . Chavez doubled to left , Hall scored . Pena ran for Chavez . Maxwell struck out looking . Murphy grounded out to pitcher , Pena to third . Pena scored on Gaudin 's wild pitch . Cervelli grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Kontos pitching for Yankees . Galloway grounded out to shortstop . Cedeno pitching for Yankees . Morrison singled to center . Coghlan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Morrison out at second . Black struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 10 - Marlins 8 .	Yankees 10 , Marlins 8