Cardinals - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . Beltran singled to right . Holliday flied out to right . Berkman doubled to left center , Beltran to third . Freese singled to left center , Beltran and Berkman scored , Freese to second advancing on throw . Molina grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Reyes flied out to right . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Jay lined out to pitcher . Descalso walked . Lohse sacrificed to pitcher , Descalso to second . Furcal singled to right center , Descalso scored . Beltran singled to left , Furcal to third . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beltran out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Stanton flied out to center . Morrison lined out to right . Sanchez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Berkman grounded out to shortstop . Freese singled to center . Molina lined into double play , third to first , Freese doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Infante grounded out to third . Buck grounded out to pitcher . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Jay singled to shallow left . Descalso struck out looking . Jay caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Lohse lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Reyes flied out to center . Bonifacio hit by pitch . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bonifacio out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Furcal reached on infield single to third . Beltran struck out swinging , Furcal stole second . Holliday struck out looking . Berkman intentionally walked . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Stanton flied out to center . Morrison flied out to center . Sanchez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Molina singled to left . Jay flied out to left . Descalso singled to right , Molina to second . Lohse bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Molina out at third , Descalso to second . Furcal lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Infante flied out to center . Buck grounded out to pitcher . Coghlan hit for Johnson . Coghlan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Beltran fouled out to catcher . Holliday struck out looking . Berkman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Reyes singled to right . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Reyes out at second . Ramirez flied out to left . Stanton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Webb pitching for Marlins . Freese reached on infield single to shortstop . Molina doubled to left , Freese to third . Choate pitching for Marlins . Jay grounded out to pitcher . Descalso grounded out to pitcher , Freese scored , Molina to third . Lohse grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Morrison singled to deep right . Sanchez struck out looking . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Morrison out at second . Buck doubled to deep right center , Infante scored . Dobbs hit for Choate . Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals . Kearns hit for Dobbs . Kearns struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Furcal doubled to deep center . Beltran popped out to shortstop . Holliday grounded out to second , Furcal to third . Berkman intentionally walked . Freese flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Reyes singled to center . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Reyes out at second . Ramirez struck out swinging . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Marlins 1 .	Cardinals spoil Marlins ' park debut