Astros - Top 1st . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Schafer walked . Lowrie flied out to center . Martinez walked , Schafer to second . Lee singled to left , Schafer scored , Martinez to second . Bogusevic walked , Martinez to third , Lee to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Snyder struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Norris pitching for Astros . Reyes lined out to center . Bonifacio singled to center . Ramirez flied out to center . Bonifacio stole second . Morrison singled to left , Bonifacio scored . Sanchez fouled out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Altuve flied out to center . Norris grounded out to shortstop . Schafer walked . Schafer out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Lowrie batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Norris pitching for Astros . Coghlan grounded out to third . Murphy walked . Hayes struck out swinging . Zambrano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Lowrie flied out to center . Martinez walked . Lee doubled to left , Martinez to third . Bogusevic grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Martinez out at home . Johnson singled to left , Lee thrown out at home , Bogusevic to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Norris pitching for Astros . Reyes doubled to left . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Reyes to third on error by third baseman Johnson . Ramirez singled to center , Reyes scored , Bonifacio to third . Ramirez stole second . Morrison hit sacrifice fly to center , Bonifacio scored , Ramirez to third . Sanchez singled to center , Ramirez scored . Coghlan grounded out to second , Sanchez to second . Murphy lined out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Snyder struck out looking . Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop . Norris sacrificed to pitcher , Altuve to second . Schafer walked . Lowrie fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Norris pitching for Astros . Hayes fouled out to catcher . Zambrano grounded out to shortstop . Reyes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Martinez popped out to third . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Bogusevic lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Norris pitching for Astros . Bonifacio flied out to center . Ramirez reached on infield single to third . Morrison grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher to third , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Johnson grounded out to second . Snyder struck out swinging . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Norris pitching for Astros . Sanchez popped out to third . Coghlan lined out to center . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez hit for Norris . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Schafer struck out looking . Lowrie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Cruz pitching for Astros . Hayes struck out swinging . Dobbs hit for Cishek . Dobbs singled to center . Reyes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dobbs out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Mujica pitching for Marlins . Martinez popped out to second . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Bogusevic walked . Johnson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Cruz pitching for Astros . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Ramirez singled to left . Ramirez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Morrison flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Bell pitching for Marlins . Snyder flied out to left . Altuve doubled to deep right center , Altuve to third on error by center fielder Bonifacio . Buck hit for Cruz . Buck singled to left , Altuve scored . Schafer reached first base on catcher 's interference , Buck to second . Schafer batting . Lowrie flied out to left . Martinez singled to center , Buck scored , Schafer to third . Maxwell ran for Martinez . Lee singled to right center , Schafer scored , Maxwell to third . Choate pitching for Marlins . Bogusevic safe at second on error by left fielder Morrison , Maxwell scored , Lee to third . Gaudin pitching for Marlins . Kearns in left field . Johnson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 3 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Myers pitching for Astros . Buck in left field . Sanchez struck out swinging . Coghlan flied out to left . Stanton hit for Murphy . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 5 - Marlins 4 .	Astros rally against Bell in 9th to defeat Marlins