Marlins - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Petersen grounded out to first . Cousins flied out to center . Reyes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for Marlins . Espinosa struck out swinging . Harper grounded out to first . Zimmerman lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Lee hit by pitch . Dobbs struck out swinging . Solano walked , Lee to second . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Solano out at second , Lee to third , Lee scored , Hernandez to second on throwing error by shortstop Espinosa . Buck doubled to deep right , Hernandez scored . Buehrle flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for Marlins . Morse flied out to left . LaRoche homered to right ( 392 feet ) . Werth flied out to right . Suzuki grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Petersen flied out to center . Cousins struck out swinging . Reyes doubled to left center . Lee singled to right , Reyes scored . Dobbs singled to center , Lee to third . Solano struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for Marlins . Lombardozzi grounded out to shortstop . Zimmermann walked . Espinosa singled to right , Zimmermann to second . Harper grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Espinosa out at second , Zimmermann to third . Zimmerman singled to center , Zimmermann scored , Harper to second . Morse singled to center , Harper scored , Zimmerman to second . LaRoche grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Buck flied out to center . Buehrle grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for Marlins . Werth reached on infield single to third . Suzuki grounded out to third , Werth to second . Lombardozzi lined out to right . Zimmermann flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Petersen singled to right . Cousins sacrificed to third , Petersen to second . Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop , Petersen scored on throwing error by shortstop Espinosa . Reyes stole second . Lee doubled to deep center , Reyes scored . Dobbs grounded out to first , Lee to third . Solano flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for Marlins . Espinosa fouled out to first . Harper grounded out to second . Zimmerman walked . Morse grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Hernandez walked . Buck grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hernandez out at second . Buehrle singled to shallow left . Petersen singled to right , Buehrle to second . Cousins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Petersen out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for Marlins . LaRoche homered to center ( 397 feet ) . Werth singled to left . Suzuki sacrificed to pitcher , Werth to second . Lombardozzi grounded out to third . DeRosa hit for Gorzelanny . DeRosa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Reyes walked . Reyes stole second . Lee popped out to first . Dobbs safe at first on error by second baseman Lombardozzi , Reyes to third . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Solano sacrificed to pitcher , Reyes scored , Dobbs to second . Hernandez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Bell pitching for Marlins . Espinosa struck out looking . Harper grounded out to first . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Buck grounded out to third . Ruggiano hit for Bell . Ruggiano struck out swinging . Petersen doubled to center . Cousins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Morse grounded out to second . LaRoche safe at first on error by pitcher Dunn . Werth walked , LaRoche to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . Lombardozzi singled to center , LaRoche scored , Werth to second . Moore hit for Mattheus . Moore singled to right , Werth scored , Lombardozzi to third . Espinosa homered to left ( 415 feet ) , Lombardozzi and Moore scored . Harper homered to right ( 399 feet ) . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman singled to center . Morse grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 9th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Moore in left field . Reyes reached on infield single to second . Lee popped out to second . Reyes to second on fielder 's indifference . Dobbs flied out to left . Solano singled to left , Reyes scored . Hernandez bunt grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 7 - Nationals 10 .	Espinosa homers in 6 - run 8th as Nats rally