Athletics - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Ellis doubled to right center. Hatteberg singled to shallow right center, Ellis scored. Tejada grounded out to pitcher, Hatteberg to second. Chavez singled to right center, Hatteberg scored, Chavez to second on error by right fielder Salmon. Dye flied out to left. Durazo walked. Long flied out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Eckstein grounded out to pitcher. Erstad grounded out to second. Salmon walked. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Hernandez popped out to shortstop. Singleton struck out swinging. Ellis popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Glaus flied out to right. Fullmer singled to center. Spiezio doubled to right, Fullmer to third. Molina singled to center, Fullmer and Spiezio scored. Figgins reached on bunt single to third, Molina to second. Eckstein singled to left, Molina scored, Figgins to second. Erstad reached on infield single to third, Figgins to third, Eckstein to second. Salmon popped out to shortstop. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Erstad out at second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Hatteberg walked. Tejada flied out to deep left center. Chavez singled to right, Hatteberg to third. Dye struck out swinging. Durazo walked, Chavez to second. Long flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Glaus grounded out to shortstop. Fullmer singled to center. Spiezio lined out to right. Molina lined out to right center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Hernandez singled to shallow right. Singleton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hernandez out at second. Singleton caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Ellis walked. Hatteberg lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Figgins singled to left. Eckstein sacrificed to pitcher, Figgins to second. Erstad singled to center, Figgins scored. Salmon homered to left, Erstad scored. Anderson grounded out to first. Glaus flied out to center. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Tejada popped out to second. Chavez popped out to shortstop. Dye grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Fullmer grounded out to first. Spiezio flied out to left. Schoeneweis pitching for Angels. Molina grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Schoeneweis pitching for Angels. Durazo doubled to right center. Long grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez singled to center, Durazo to third. Singleton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Durazo scored, Hernandez out at second. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Singleton out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Figgins struck out swinging. Eckstein reached on infield single to third. Erstad grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Eckstein out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Schoeneweis pitching for Angels. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Tejada grounded out to second. Chavez lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Bowie pitching for Athletics. Salmon flied out to right. Anderson singled to left. Glaus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Anderson out at second. Fullmer singled to right center, Glaus to second. Spiezio walked, Glaus to third, Fullmer to second. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Dye struck out looking. Durazo walked. Long homered to right center, Durazo scored. Hernandez doubled to left. Singleton grounded out to second, Hernandez to third. Ellis flied out to right. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Figgins reached on bunt single to first. Eckstein singled to left, Figgins to third. Erstad grounded out to second, Figgins scored, Eckstein to second. Salmon homered to left center, Eckstein scored. Anderson walked. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Glaus lined out to left. Ramirez in right field. Fullmer grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Hatteberg popped out to shortstop. Tejada struck out looking. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 5 - Angels 9.	Salmon goes deep twice as Angels rip Hudson