Tigers - Top 1st. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Kingsale flied out to right. Halter flied out to left center. Paquette grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Ellis grounded out to third. Hatteberg singled to right. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hatteberg out at second. Chavez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Young grounded out to second. Monroe struck out swinging. Palmer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Durazo walked. Dye flied out to right center. Long grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Durazo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Santiago bunt grounded out to first. Inge grounded out to second. Infante grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Hernandez flied out to right. Singleton flied out to left center. Ellis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Kingsale grounded out to third. Halter grounded out to shortstop. Paquette grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Hatteberg flied out to shallow left. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Chavez doubled to deep left center. Durazo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Young flied out to deep right. Monroe reached on infield single to shortstop. Palmer doubled to deep right, Monroe to third. Byrnes in left field. Long in right field. Santiago grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Monroe out at home, Palmer to third. Inge flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Byrnes singled to center. Long singled to right, Byrnes to second. Hernandez grounded out to third, Byrnes to third, Long to second. Singleton hit sacrifice fly to left, Byrnes scored. Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop, Long to third. Hatteberg walked, Ellis to second. Tejada flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Infante grounded out to shortstop. Kingsale struck out swinging. Halter walked. Paquette struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Chavez grounded out to second. Durazo flied out to center. Byrnes lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Young grounded out to shortstop. Monroe struck out swinging. Palmer singled to left. Santiago grounded into fielder's choice to second, Palmer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Sparks pitching for Tigers. Long singled to right. Hernandez safe at first on error by shortstop Infante, Long to second, Long to third, Hernandez to second on throwing error by shortstop Infante. Singleton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Long out at home, Hernandez to third, Singleton to second advancing on play. Ellis hit sacrifice fly to center, Hernandez scored. Hatteberg grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Inge flied out to right center. Infante flied out to right. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Kingsale grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Tejada struck out swinging. Chavez grounded out to second. Durazo singled to right. Byrnes singled to left, Durazo to second. Long lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Halter flied out to left center. Paquette struck out swinging. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 0 - Athletics 2.	Efficient Mulder mows down Tigers in A's shutout