Indians - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Vizquel grounded out to shortstop. Gerut flied out to right. Spencer walked. Garcia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Ellis popped out to second. Hatteberg grounded out to third. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Selby struck out swinging. Lawton struck out looking. Bard singled to right. Hafner flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Durazo struck out swinging. Hernandez struck out swinging. Byrnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Phillips doubled to left. Vizquel sacrificed to third, Phillips to third. Gerut singled to right, Phillips scored. Spencer singled to left, Gerut to second. Garcia singled to left, Gerut scored, Spencer to second. Selby grounded into fielder's choice to first, Garcia out at second, Spencer to third. Lawton grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Long struck out looking. Gant flied out to deep center. Menechino popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Bard grounded out to first. Hafner struck out swinging. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Ellis lined out to left. Hatteberg singled to center. Tejada grounded out to third, Hatteberg to second. Durazo singled to left, Hatteberg scored, Durazo tagged out at second attempting to advance on throw. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Vizquel singled to right. Gerut singled to left, Vizquel to second. Vizquel to third, Gerut to second on wild pitch by Hudson. Spencer popped out to first. Garcia intentionally walked. Selby grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Vizquel out at home, Gerut to third, Garcia to second. Lawton walked, Gerut scored, Garcia to third, Selby to second. Bard grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Hernandez walked. Byrnes popped out to second. Long popped out to shallow center. Gant grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hernandez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Hafner walked. Phillips struck out swinging. Vizquel struck out swinging. Gerut flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Menechino popped out to shallow right. Ellis singled to left. Hatteberg reached on infield single to pitcher, Ellis to second. Tejada walked, Ellis to third, Hatteberg to second. Durazo reached on infield single to pitcher, Ellis scored, Hatteberg to third, Tejada to second, Hatteberg scored, Tejada to third, Durazo to second on throwing error by pitcher Sabath. Hernandez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Durazo out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Spencer safe at first on error by third baseman Menechino. Garcia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Spencer out at second. Selby struck out swinging. Lawton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Byrnes singled to center. Long lined out to shortstop. Gant grounded into fielder's choice to third, Byrnes out at second. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Menechino popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Bard grounded out to shortstop. Hafner struck out looking. Riske pitching for Indians. Phillips struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Riske pitching for Indians. Ellis popped out to shallow right. Hatteberg walked. Tejada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hatteberg out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Vizquel fouled out to first. Gerut singled to right center. Spencer struck out swinging. Baez pitching for Indians. Garcia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Baez pitching for Indians. Durazo singled to right. Hernandez popped out to third. Byrnes flied out to center. Long doubled to right center, Durazo scored. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 3 - Athletics 4.	Long's double in ninth keys A's sweep of Indians