Athletics - Top 1st. Wilson pitching for Royals. Byrnes doubled to deep left center. Hatteberg singled to center, Byrnes to third. Tejada hit sacrifice fly to right, Byrnes scored. Durazo singled to center, Hatteberg to third. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hatteberg scored, Durazo out at second. Chavez stole second. Dye struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Relaford doubled to right. Randa grounded out to second, Relaford to third. Sweeney walked. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop, Relaford scored, Sweeney to second. Beltran homered to right, Sweeney scored. Harvey grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Wilson pitching for Royals. Hernandez lined out to shortstop. Ellis grounded out to third. Singleton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Tucker singled to right. Berroa reached on infield single to shortstop, Tucker to second. Mayne sacrificed to pitcher, Tucker to third, Berroa to second. Relaford grounded out to first, Tucker scored, Berroa to third. Randa popped out to shallow right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Wilson pitching for Royals. Byrnes flied out to left. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Sweeney safe at first on error by second baseman Ellis. Ibanez singled to right, Sweeney to second. Beltran struck out swinging. Harvey grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibanez out at second, Sweeney to third. Tucker homered to right, Sweeney and Harvey scored. Berroa singled to shallow center. Mayne fouled out to third. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Wilson pitching for Royals. Durazo singled to right. Chavez grounded out to first, Durazo to second. Dye grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez popped out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Relaford fouled out to third. Randa singled to shallow right. Sweeney singled to right, Randa to third. Randa scored, Sweeney to second on wild pitch by Hudson. Ibanez grounded out to pitcher, Sweeney to third. Beltran singled to center, Sweeney scored. Neu pitching for Athletics. Harvey singled to right center, Beltran to third. Tucker walked, Harvey to second. Berroa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tucker out at second, Harvey to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Wilson pitching for Royals. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Singleton doubled to right. Byrnes lined out to center, Singleton to third. Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Neu pitching for Athletics. Mayne struck out swinging. Relaford struck out swinging. Randa walked. Sweeney struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Wilson pitching for Royals. Tejada lined out to center. Durazo struck out swinging. Melhuse catching. Chavez lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Neu pitching for Athletics. Ibanez grounded out to second. Beltran walked. Harvey grounded out to third, Beltran to second. Tucker grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Wilson pitching for Royals. Dye grounded out to pitcher. Menechino hit for Ellis. Melhuse singled to right. Menechino singled to center, Melhuse to second. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Long hit for Byrnes. Singleton singled to left, Melhuse scored, Menechino to second. Long homered to right center, Menechino and Singleton scored. Hatteberg struck out swinging. Tejada doubled to right. Menechino at second base. Long in left field. Durazo singled to left, Tejada thrown out at home. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Berroa grounded out to third. Mayne grounded out to third. Lowe pitching for Royals. Relaford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Lowe pitching for Royals. Chavez struck out swinging. Dye grounded out to third. Melhuse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Randa reached on infield single to third. Sweeney struck out swinging. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Ibanez lined out to right. Beltran singled to left, Randa to second. Harvey walked, Randa to third, Beltran to second. Tucker doubled to deep left center, Randa and Beltran scored, Harvey to third. Berroa intentionally walked. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Mayne flied out to shallow center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. McMillon hit for Singleton. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Menechino struck out looking. McMillon lined out to first. Long flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 6 - Royals 11.	Royals pound Hudson in win over Athletics