Expos - Top 1st. Harang pitching for Athletics. Chavez grounded out to second. Mateo grounded out to third. Cabrera doubled to right center. Wilkerson walked. Guzman singled to center, Cabrera scored, Wilkerson to second. Macias fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Tucker pitching for Expos. Byrnes flied out to deep right. Hatteberg doubled to deep center. Tejada struck out swinging. Durazo flied out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 2nd. Harang pitching for Athletics. Schneider flied out to right. Calloway doubled to left center. Carroll safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Tejada, Calloway to third. Chavez hit sacrifice fly to center, Calloway scored. Mateo flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Tucker pitching for Expos. Dye flied out to deep left. Chavez flied out to deep left. Melhuse grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 3rd. Harang pitching for Athletics. Cabrera doubled to left. Wilkerson walked. Guzman popped out to third. Macias singled to right, Cabrera scored, Wilkerson to third. Macias caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Schneider flied out to deep left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Tucker pitching for Expos. Ellis fouled out to catcher. Singleton flied out to deep right. Byrnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 4th. Harang pitching for Athletics. Calloway reached on bunt single to first. Carroll grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Calloway out at second. Chavez singled to left. Mateo singled to center, Chavez to second, Chavez to third, Mateo to second on error by center fielder Singleton. Halama pitching for Athletics. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Eischen pitching for Expos. Hatteberg flied out to deep right. Tejada fouled out to deep right. Durazo reached on infield single to second. Dye grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Durazo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 5th. Halama pitching for Athletics. Wilkerson singled to left. Guzman sacrificed to third, Wilkerson to second. Macias grounded out to pitcher. Schneider flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Eischen pitching for Expos. Chavez flied out to left center. Melhuse doubled to deep center. Ellis singled to center, Melhuse scored. Ellis caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Singleton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 6th. Halama pitching for Athletics. Calloway struck out looking, Calloway safe at first on passed ball by Melhuse. Carroll walked, Calloway to second. Chavez sacrificed to third, Calloway to third, Carroll to second. Mateo popped out to second. Cabrera walked. Manon pitching for Expos. Wilkerson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Manon pitching for Expos. Byrnes homered to left. Hatteberg grounded out to first. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Durazo singled to center, Durazo out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 7th. Halama pitching for Athletics. Guzman lined out to second. Macias lined out to center. Schneider grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Manon pitching for Expos. Dye fouled out to first. Chavez flied out to left center. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Melhuse flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 8th. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Calloway struck out swinging. Carroll struck out swinging. Ayala pitching for Expos. Chavez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Ayala pitching for Expos. Ellis hit by pitch. Singleton sacrificed to third, Ellis to second. Byrnes singled to shallow center, Ellis to third. Hatteberg homered to right, Ellis and Byrnes scored. Tejada grounded out to second. Durazo walked. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Dye grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 9th. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Mateo flied out to left. Cabrera singled to center. Cabrera stole second. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Guzman singled to center, Cabrera scored. Macias singled to right, Guzman to second. Vidro hit for Schneider. Vidro reached on infield single to third, Guzman to third, Macias to second. Barrett ran for Vidro. Calloway grounded out to second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Expos 4 - Athletics 5.	Efficient Hatteberg's HR paces A's past Expos