Mariners - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Suzuki safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Hatteberg. Winn struck out looking. Boone grounded into double play, third to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Meche pitching for Mariners. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. Hatteberg flied out to left. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Mabry grounded out to second. Cameron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Durazo grounded out to third. Hernandez walked. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hernandez out at second. Dye singled to right, Chavez to second. McMillon walked, Chavez to third, Dye to second. Ellis singled to shallow left, Chavez scored, Dye to third, McMillon to second. Byrnes flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Guillen singled to right. Guillen caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. McLemore grounded out to third. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Hatteberg singled to center. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hatteberg out at second. Durazo struck out swinging. Hernandez singled to right, Tejada to third. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Suzuki doubled to left. Winn grounded out to second, Suzuki to third. Boone tripled to deep right center, Suzuki scored. Martinez walked. Mabry grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Dye fouled out to first. McMillon walked. Ellis lined into double play, to first, McMillon doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. Guillen walked. McLemore struck out swinging. Guillen caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Byrnes grounded out to pitcher. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Tejada popped out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Davis doubled to left. Suzuki sacrificed to catcher, Davis to third. Winn grounded out to second. Boone grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Durazo doubled to left. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Durazo out at third. Menechino at third base. Chavez flied into double play, left to shortstop to first, Hernandez doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Martinez singled to center. Mabry grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. Cameron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Dye flied out to center. McMillon fouled out to third. Ellis fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Guillen grounded out to pitcher. McLemore grounded out to second. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Davis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Byrnes flied out to left. Hatteberg fouled out to left. Tejada singled to left. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Durazo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to left. Winn sacrificed to pitcher, Suzuki to second. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Suzuki caught stealing third, pitcher to third to second to pitcher. Boone flied out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Hernandez walked. Singleton ran for Hernandez. Menechino bunt popped out foul to first. Dye grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Singleton out at second. Singleton in left field. Melhuse catching. McMillon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 10th. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Martinez struck out looking. Mabry grounded out to pitcher. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Cameron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 10th. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Ellis struck out swinging. Byrnes fouled out to first. Hatteberg singled to left. Tejada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 11th. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Guillen doubled to right. McLemore struck out bunting foul. Davis singled to right, Guillen scored. Suzuki flied out to right center. Winn walked, Davis to second. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Cirillo at third base. Boone flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 11th. Piatt hit for Singleton. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Durazo reached on infield single to second, Durazo to second on throwing error by shortstop Guillen. Nelson pitching for Mariners. Long hit for Piatt. Long singled to right, Durazo scored. Menechino sacrificed to first, Long to second. Long to third on wild pitch by Nelson. Dye hit sacrifice fly to right, Long scored. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Mariners 2 - Athletics 3.	Long, Dye spark A's rally over Mariners in 11th