Devil Rays - Top 1st. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Perez walked. Baldelli singled to right, Perez to second. Huff flied out to deep right center, Perez to third. Rolls grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays. Byrnes flied out to right. Menechino flied out to right. Durazo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Lee doubled to left. Hall singled to right center, Lee scored. Grieve grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hall out at second. Anderson doubled to left, Grieve to third. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to third, Grieve out at home. Anderson stole third, Crawford stole second, Anderson scored, Crawford safe at third on throwing error by catcher Melhuse. Perez walked. Perez stole second. Baldelli fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. McCarty doubled to right center. Chavez popped out to third. Piatt flied out to deep left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Huff fouled out to first. Rolls struck out swinging. Lee reached on infield single to first. Hall grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays. Long flied out to left. Melhuse doubled to right center. Byrnes walked. Menechino flied out to deep right, Melhuse to third. Durazo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Grieve flied out to center. Anderson grounded out to first. Crawford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays. Tejada popped out to shallow right center. McCarty doubled to deep center. Chavez walked. Piatt singled to left, McCarty scored, Chavez to second. Long flied out to right, Chavez to third. Melhuse struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Perez singled to left. Baldelli flied out to right. Huff safe at first on error by first baseman McCarty, Perez to third, Huff thrown out at second attempting to advance on runner's fielder's choice. Huff batting. Rolls grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays. Byrnes grounded out to third. Menechino singled to left. Durazo singled to right, Menechino to second. Tejada flied out to deep left. McCarty lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Lee flied out to right. Hall homered to left. Grieve hit by pitch. Anderson lined out to shortstop. Crawford doubled to shallow left, Grieve to third, Crawford to second. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Martin hit for Perez. Martin intentionally walked. Lugo at shortstop. Levine pitching for Devil Rays. Baldelli struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Levine pitching for Devil Rays. Chavez flied out to deep center. Piatt grounded out to shortstop. Long homered to right. Melhuse doubled to right. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Byrnes singled to left, Melhuse scored, Byrnes to second advancing on throw. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Menechino lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Huff struck out swinging. Rolls popped out to first. Lee flied out to deep left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Durazo walked. Tejada doubled to shallow right, Durazo to third. McCarty hit sacrifice fly to left, Durazo scored. Chavez intentionally walked. Piatt doubled to left center, Tejada and Chavez scored. Seay pitching for Devil Rays. Piatt stole third. Long grounded out to first. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Melhuse flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Hall grounded out to third. Grieve singled to center. Anderson lined out to shortstop. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Grieve out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Byrnes flied out to left. Menechino walked. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Durazo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Menechino out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Lugo grounded out to second. Baldelli flied out to left. Huff struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 3 - Athletics 6.	Oakland 6, Tampa Bay 3