Yankees - Top 1st. Zito pitching for Athletics. Jeter singled to center. Williams singled to right, Jeter to third. Williams stole second. Giambi walked. Boone grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jeter scored, Giambi out at second, Williams to third. Matsui grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Boone out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Yankees. McMillon singled to left. Guillen flied out to right. Chavez singled to left, McMillon to second. Tejada singled to shallow left, McMillon to third, Chavez to second. Durazo singled to right, McMillon and Chavez scored, Tejada to second. Hatteberg walked, Tejada to third, Durazo to second. Ellis struck out swinging. Long flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Sierra grounded out to second. Soriano singled to center. Flaherty lined out to third. Zeile singled to center, Soriano to second. Soriano caught stealing third, Soriano safe at third on error by Chavez, Zeile to second advancing on play. Jeter singled to left, Soriano scored, Zeile to third. Williams singled to left, Zeile scored, Jeter to second. Giambi homered to right, Jeter and Williams scored. Boone flied out to left. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Yankees. Melhuse singled to left, Melhuse advanced to second on play. McMillon struck out looking. Guillen popped out to shallow right. Chavez doubled to deep right, Melhuse scored. Tejada grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 3rd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Matsui grounded out to second. Sierra walked. Soriano struck out looking. Flaherty homered to left, Sierra scored. Zeile flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Yankees. Durazo struck out looking. Hatteberg struck out looking. Ellis singled to left. Long doubled to right center, Ellis scored. Halama pitching for Athletics. Melhuse struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Halama pitching for Athletics. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Williams struck out swinging. Giambi grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Yankees. McMillon flied out to right. Guillen flied out to left. Chavez walked. Tejada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Halama pitching for Athletics. Boone struck out swinging. Matsui homered to right. Sierra popped out to first. Soriano flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Weaver pitching for Yankees. Durazo grounded out to second. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Ellis fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Halama pitching for Athletics. Flaherty flied out to right center. Zeile flied out to right. Jeter lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Weaver pitching for Yankees. Long grounded out to second. Melhuse grounded out to first. McMillon grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Halama pitching for Athletics. Williams homered to left. Giambi flied out to left. Boone flied out to right center. Matsui struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Weaver pitching for Yankees. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Chavez tripled to right. Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop, Chavez scored, Tejada to second on throwing error by shortstop Jeter. Orosco pitching for Yankees. Tejada to third on fielder's indifference. Durazo hit sacrifice fly to center, Tejada scored. Harville pitching for Athletics. Hatteberg struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 8th. Harville pitching for Athletics. Sierra struck out swinging. Soriano popped out to second. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Dellucci in right field. Flaherty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Ellis struck out swinging. Long fouled out to third. Melhuse singled to center. Neu pitching for Athletics. McMillon popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Neu pitching for Athletics. Zeile singled to center. Garcia ran for Zeile. Jeter grounded into double play, third to second to first, Garcia out at second. Williams reached on infield single to second. Giambi lined out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Guillen singled to left. Chavez singled to left, Guillen to second, Guillen to third on error by left fielder Matsui. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Tejada hit sacrifice fly to right, Guillen scored. Durazo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Chavez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Yankees 10 - Athletics 7.	Yanks rough up A's Zito