Blue Jays - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Johnson grounded out to third. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Long flied out to left. Guillen homered to center. Chavez grounded out to first. Tejada flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Delgado walked. Hinske flied out to deep left. Berg grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Delgado out at second. Hudson singled to center, Berg to second. Bordick singled to left, Berg scored, Hudson to third, Bordick to second advancing on throw. Cash grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Durazo walked. Hernandez singled to right, Durazo to third. Hatteberg doubled to left, Durazo scored, Hernandez to third. Ellis homered to left, Hernandez and Hatteberg scored. Singleton struck out looking. Long struck out swinging. Guillen walked. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Johnson hit by pitch. Catalanotto walked, Johnson to second. Wells grounded into double play, third to second to first, Catalanotto out at second, Johnson to third. Delgado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Durazo singled to left. Hernandez safe at first on error by third baseman Hinske, Durazo to second. Hatteberg grounded into double play, second to first, Hernandez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Hinske struck out swinging. Berg struck out swinging. Hudson walked. Bordick struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Ellis grounded out to third. Singleton singled to center. Singleton stole second. Long grounded out to first, Singleton to third. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Cash struck out looking. Johnson grounded out to first. Catalanotto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Chavez flied out to left. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Durazo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Wells grounded out to third. Delgado grounded out to first. Hinske grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Hernandez flied out to center. Hatteberg singled to center. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hatteberg out at second. Ellis stole second. Singleton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Berg grounded out to pitcher. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Hudson doubled to deep left center. Bordick grounded out to third. Cash struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Bowles pitching for Blue Jays. Long grounded out to second. Guillen homered to left. Chavez walked. Tejada grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Johnson struck out swinging. Catalanotto singled to right. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Wells singled to right, Catalanotto to second. Delgado grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wells out at second, Catalanotto to third, Catalanotto scored on throwing error by shortstop Tejada. Hinske struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Bowles pitching for Blue Jays. Durazo grounded out to second. Hernandez popped out to third. Hatteberg safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Bowles. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Ellis fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Berg walked. Hudson doubled to deep left center, Berg to third. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Myers hit for Cash. Bordick singled to center, Berg and Hudson scored, Bordick to second on throwing error by center fielder Singleton. Myers flied out to left. Johnson struck out looking. Catalanotto flied out to right center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 4 - Athletics 6.	Hudson wins fifth straight as A's edge Blue Jays