Athletics - Top 1st. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. McMillon struck out swinging. Guillen grounded out to third. Chavez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Halama pitching for Athletics. Johnson grounded out to third. Bordick grounded out to shortstop. Wells reached on infield single to shortstop. Delgado walked, Wells to second. Wilson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada doubled to right center. Durazo walked. Ellis struck out swinging. Long fouled out to third. Melhuse homered to left center, Tejada and Durazo scored. Singleton doubled to left. McMillon walked. Guillen struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Halama pitching for Athletics. Kielty grounded out to third. Hinske walked. Hinske to second on wild pitch by Halama. Phelps reached on infield single to shortstop, Hinske to third. Woodward hit sacrifice fly to right, Hinske scored. Johnson singled to right, Phelps to second. Bordick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Phelps out at third, Johnson to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Chavez lined out to second. Tejada grounded out to third. Durazo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Halama pitching for Athletics. Wells singled to center. Delgado walked, Wells to second. Wilson flied out to right. Kielty doubled to right center, Wells and Delgado scored. Hinske flied out to left. Phelps safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada, Kielty to third. Woodward struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 4th. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Ellis lined out to second. Long flied out to left. Melhuse reached on infield single to second. Singleton walked, Melhuse to second. McMillon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Halama pitching for Athletics. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Bordick singled to center. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bordick out at second. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Guillen hit by pitch. Chavez flied out to left. Tejada walked, Guillen to second. Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays. Durazo popped out to second. Wood pitching for Athletics. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Tejada out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Athletics. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Kielty struck out swinging. Hinske lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays. Long singled to right. Melhuse walked, Long to second. Singleton singled to right, Long scored, Melhuse to second. McMillon doubled to right, Melhuse and Singleton scored. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, McMillon out at second. Chavez hit by pitch, Guillen to second. Tejada doubled to left, Guillen scored, Chavez to third. Durazo walked. Reichert pitching for Blue Jays. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chavez scored, Durazo out at second, Tejada to third. Long singled to right, Tejada scored, Ellis to second. Melhuse flied out to left. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Athletics. Phelps struck out swinging. Woodward walked. Johnson hit by pitch, Woodward to second. Bordick doubled to left center, Woodward and Johnson scored. Wells struck out swinging. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Delgado walked. Wilson flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Reichert pitching for Blue Jays. Singleton struck out swinging. McMillon flied out to right. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Kielty grounded out to second. Hinske flied out to center. Phelps walked. Woodward grounded into fielder's choice to third, Phelps out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Reichert pitching for Blue Jays. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Tejada struck out swinging. Durazo singled to left center. Ellis singled to center, Durazo to second. Politte pitching for Blue Jays. Long doubled to right center, Durazo scored, Ellis to third. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Melhuse flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Johnson doubled to left. Bordick struck out swinging. Wells grounded out to second, Johnson to third. Delgado popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Politte pitching for Blue Jays. Singleton singled to center. McMillon flied out to left. Guillen reached first base on catcher's interference, Singleton to second. Guillen batting. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Chavez walked, Singleton to third, Guillen to second. Tejada hit sacrifice fly to center, Singleton scored. Durazo struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Hudson hit for Wilson. Hudson struck out looking. Kielty flied out to deep right center. Hinske fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 11 - Blue Jays 5.	Oakland 11, Toronto 5