Athletics - Top 1st. Lidle pitching for Blue Jays. McMillon grounded out to second. Guillen walked. Chavez singled to left, Guillen to third. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guillen scored, Chavez out at second. Durazo flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Johnson flied out to right. Bordick walked. Wells grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bordick out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Lidle pitching for Blue Jays. Hernandez doubled to deep right center. Long singled to right, Hernandez to third. Menechino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hernandez scored, Long out at second. Singleton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Menechino out at second. McMillon singled to right, Singleton to third. Guillen reached on infield single to second, Singleton scored, McMillon to second. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to third, McMillon out at third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Delgado singled to right. Kielty walked, Delgado to second. Phelps fouled out to second, Delgado to third. Hinske struck out swinging. Woodward singled to center, Delgado scored, Kielty to third, Kielty scored, Woodward to third on throwing error by center fielder Singleton. Cash struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Lidle pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop. Durazo struck out swinging. Hernandez flied out to left. Long doubled to center, Tejada scored. Menechino walked. Long to third, Menechino to second on wild pitch by Lidle. Singleton grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Johnson hit ground rule double to right. Bordick flied out to left. Wells doubled to deep center, Johnson scored. Delgado walked. Johnson in right field. Catalanotto in left field. Kielty grounded into double play, third to second to first, Delgado out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Lidle pitching for Blue Jays. McMillon hit by pitch. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to second, McMillon out at second. Byrnes in center field. Chavez lined into double play, second to first, Guillen doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Phelps fouled out to first. Hinske struck out swinging. Woodward doubled to left. Cash struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Lidle pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada homered to center. Durazo singled to right. Durazo to second on wild pitch by Lidle. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Hernandez walked. Long doubled to right, Durazo scored, Hernandez to third. Menechino hit by pitch. Byrnes popped out to second. McMillon struck out looking. Guillen hit by pitch, Hernandez scored, Long to third, Menechino to second. Chavez grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Johnson struck out swinging. Bordick singled to left. Wells grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bordick out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada singled to left. Durazo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tejada out at second. Hernandez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Delgado struck out looking. Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher. Phelps singled to left. Hinske grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Politte pitching for Blue Jays. Long flied out to left. Menechino grounded out to second. Byrnes doubled to deep center. McMillon popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Lilly pitching for Athletics. Woodward doubled to deep right. Harville pitching for Athletics. Cash struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to third. Bordick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Politte pitching for Blue Jays. Guillen grounded out to third. Chavez flied out to right. Tejada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Wells reached on infield single to third. Wilson hit for Catalanotto. Delgado flied out to center. Wilson singled to right center, Wells to third. Phelps homered to right, Wells and Wilson scored. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Myers hit for Woodward. Hinske walked. Hudson hit for Cash. Myers flied out to left. Hinske stole second. Bordick at shortstop. Wilson in left field. Myers catching. Hudson at second base. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Hudson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Durazo homered to right. Hernandez flied out to center. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Long singled to left. Menechino struck out swinging, Long stole second. Byrnes fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Johnson hit by pitch. Bordick struck out swinging. Wells walked, Johnson to second. Delgado popped out to shortstop. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 8 - Blue Jays 6.	A's earn share of AL West lead with close win