Athletics - Top 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Ellis grounded out to pitcher. Durazo walked. Chavez safe at first on error by second baseman Boone, Durazo to second. Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop, Durazo scored, Chavez to second. Hatteberg struck out swinging. Guillen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on infield single to first. Guillen grounded out to second, Suzuki to second. Boone flied out to right. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Hernandez singled to left. Dye fouled out to third. Byrnes walked, Hernandez to second. Ellis singled to left, Hernandez scored, Byrnes to second. Durazo lined into double play, third to second, Byrnes doubled off second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Athletics. Olerud doubled to left. Winn struck out swinging. Cameron homered to left, Olerud scored. Sanchez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Tejada. Davis struck out swinging. Suzuki doubled to deep right, Sanchez scored. Guillen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Chavez flied out to center. Tejada struck out swinging. Hatteberg flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Athletics. Boone singled to shallow right. Martinez singled to left, Boone to second. Boone to third, Martinez to second on wild pitch by Wood. Olerud doubled to deep center, Boone and Martinez scored. Winn singled to left, Olerud to third. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Cameron singled to right, Olerud scored, Winn to third. Sanchez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Winn scored, Cameron out at second. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Guillen struck out swinging. Hernandez reached on infield single to third. Dye struck out looking. Byrnes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Suzuki struck out swinging. Guillen struck out looking. Boone flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Ellis singled to left. Durazo grounded out to second, Ellis to second. Chavez struck out swinging, Ellis stole third, Ellis scored on throwing error by catcher Davis. Harville pitching for Athletics. Tejada lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Harville pitching for Athletics. Martinez singled to center. Olerud grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martinez out at second. Winn singled to left. Cameron lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Hatteberg singled to right. Guillen fouled out to first. Hernandez struck out swinging. Edwards in left field. Johnson catching. Halama pitching for Athletics. Dye grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Halama pitching for Athletics. Sanchez singled to center. Davis grounded out to second, Sanchez to second. Suzuki singled to center, Sanchez scored. Guillen popped out to second. Boone singled to left, Suzuki to second. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Byrnes struck out swinging. Ellis flied out to left. German at second base. Menechino at third base. Harden pitching for Athletics. Durazo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Olerud walked. Winn singled to right, Olerud to second. Cameron grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Olerud to third, Winn safe at second on error by shortstop Tejada. Sanchez grounded out to pitcher, Olerud scored, Winn to third, Cameron to second. Davis flied out to right. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Menechino flied out to left. Crosby ran for Tejada. Tejada singled to left. Crosby at shortstop. Koonce at first base. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Hatteberg grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Crosby out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Guillen walked. Boone walked, Guillen to second. Martinez lined out to shortstop. Olerud grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Boone out at second, Guillen to third. Winn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Edwards fouled out to first. Grabowski hit for Dye. Johnson flied out to left. Grabowski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Mariners 9.	A's loss gives Yankees home-field advantage