Twins - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Dozier grounded out to pitcher. Escobar grounded out to first. Plouffe grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Correia pitching for Twins. Bourn struck out swinging. Swisher grounded out to first. Brantley doubled to deep right. Santana walked, Brantley to third on passed ball. Santana batting. Murphy doubled to deep center, Brantley scored, Santana thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Colabello struck out swinging. Kubel struck out looking. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Correia pitching for Twins. Cabrera homered to right (407 feet). Raburn grounded out to pitcher. Chisenhall grounded out to third. Aviles grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Pinto singled to center. Herrmann grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pinto out at second. Santana flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Correia pitching for Twins. Bourn struck out swinging. Swisher walked. Brantley singled to left center, Swisher to second. Santana grounded out to pitcher, Swisher to third, Brantley to second. Murphy walked. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Dozier struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to first. Plouffe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Correia pitching for Twins. Raburn struck out looking. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Aviles doubled to right. Bourn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Colabello walked. Kubel flied out to center. Suzuki hit by pitch, Colabello to second. Pinto struck out swinging. Herrmann grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Correia pitching for Twins. Swisher walked. Brantley homered to right (394 feet), Swisher scored. Santana reached on infield single to shortstop. Murphy flied out to center. Cabrera singled to center, Santana to third. Tonkin pitching for Twins. Raburn struck out looking. Cabrera picked off first. Chisenhall batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Santana safe at first on error by pitcher Masterson. Dozier walked, Santana to second. Santana to third, Dozier to second on wild pitch by Masterson. Escobar struck out swinging. Plouffe lined out to third. Colabello reached on infield single to shortstop, Santana and Dozier scored. Kubel walked, Colabello to second. Suzuki fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 6th. Chisenhall reached first base on catcher's interference. Tonkin pitching for Twins. Chisenhall batting. Aviles singled to left, Chisenhall to second. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Bourn flied out to left. Swisher walked, Chisenhall to third, Aviles to second. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Chisenhall scored, Swisher out at second, Aviles to third. Santana struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 7th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Pinto walked. Herrmann singled to right, Pinto to second. Santana doubled to deep right, Pinto scored, Herrmann to third. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Atchison pitching for Indians. Escobar grounded out to first, Herrmann scored, Santana to third. Plouffe lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Murphy doubled to left center. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Murphy scored. Raburn singled to right center, Cabrera scored. Chisenhall grounded into fielder's choice to center, Raburn out at second. Aviles doubled to center, Chisenhall to third. Duensing pitching for Twins. Bourn hit sacrifice fly to left, Chisenhall scored. Swisher struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Atchison pitching for Indians. Colabello struck out swinging. Kubel struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Brantley lined out to shortstop. Santana grounded out to first. Murphy singled to shallow left. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Murphy scored, Cabrera to third advancing on throw. Raburn flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Pinto reached on infield single to second. Herrmann flied out to left. Santana walked, Pinto to second. Dozier flied out to right. Escobar lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 4 - Indians 9.	Cabrera, Brantley lead Indians past Twins 9-4