Twins - Top 1st. Chen pitching for Orioles. Santana struck out swinging. Dozier struck out swinging. Mauer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Markakis singled to center. Lough sacrificed to pitcher, Markakis to second. Jones hit by pitch. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jones out at second, Markakis to third. Davis hit by pitch, Cruz to second. Hardy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Chen pitching for Orioles. Vargas reached on infield single to second. Plouffe lined out to left. Parmelee grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Vargas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Paredes grounded out to second. Flaherty grounded out to second. Joseph singled to left. Markakis reached on infield single to first, Joseph to second, Joseph to third on throwing error by first baseman Vargas. Lough lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 3rd. Chen pitching for Orioles. Nunez doubled to deep right. Fryer popped out to second. Schafer grounded out to third, Nunez to third. Santana popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Jones flied out to center. Cruz homered to left center (422 feet). Davis doubled to right. Hardy walked. Paredes fouled out to third. Flaherty homered to right (382 feet), Davis and Hardy scored. Joseph grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Dozier singled to right center. Mauer struck out swinging. Vargas struck out swinging. Plouffe homered to left center (386 feet), Dozier scored. Parmelee singled to right. Nunez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Markakis singled to center. Lough singled to center, Markakis to second. Jones grounded into double play, third to first, Markakis out at third, Lough to second. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Fryer grounded out to shortstop. Schafer reached on bunt single to pitcher. Santana struck out swinging. Schafer stole second. Dozier flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Davis flied out to right. Hardy grounded out to third. Paredes doubled to right. Flaherty grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Mauer grounded out to second. Vargas struck out looking. Plouffe lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Joseph singled to center. Markakis walked, Joseph to second. Lough reached on bunt single to catcher, Joseph to third, Markakis to second. Jones doubled to left, Joseph and Markakis scored, Lough to third. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Davis intentionally walked. Hardy homered to left center (392 feet), Lough, Jones and Davis scored. Paredes struck out swinging. Flaherty tripled to deep right center. Joseph singled to center, Flaherty scored. Markakis grounded out to first. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Parmelee struck out swinging. Nunez grounded out to second. Fryer doubled to deep left. Schafer singled to left, Fryer scored. Brach pitching for Orioles. Santana homered to right (404 feet), Schafer scored. Dozier singled to left. Mauer singled to left, Dozier to second. Dozier to third on wild pitch by Brach. Vargas grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Lough singled to right. Jones lined out to right. Cruz walked, Lough to second. Davis walked, Lough to third, Cruz to second. Hardy struck out swinging. Paredes singled to center, Lough scored, Cruz to third, Davis to second. Thompson pitching for Twins. Flaherty struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Brach pitching for Orioles. Plouffe doubled to left. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Parmelee singled to right, Plouffe to third. Nunez flied out to right. Fryer struck out looking. Schafer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Thompson pitching for Twins. Joseph singled to left. Markakis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Joseph out at second. Lough flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Santana walked. Dozier doubled to left, Santana to third. Mauer walked. Vargas struck out swinging. Plouffe walked, Santana scored, Dozier to third, Mauer to second. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Parmelee singled to right, Dozier and Mauer scored, Plouffe to third. Britton pitching for Orioles. Nunez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Parmelee out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 8 - Orioles 12.	O's outslug Twins behind Hardy's grand slam