Nationals - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Milledge struck out swinging . Guzman reached on infield single to second . Zimmerman flied out to right . Dunn lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Maybin reached on infield single to second . Maybin stole second . Maybin to third on wild pitch by Olsen . Ramirez struck out swinging . Cantu homered to left , Maybin scored . Uggla struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Johnson singled to left . Kearns struck out swinging . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson out at second . Flores struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Hermida grounded out to shortstop . Ross lined out to third . Paulino doubled to left . Johnson walked . Bonifacio singled to left center , Paulino scored , Johnson to second . Maybin grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Olsen grounded out to pitcher . Milledge struck out swinging . Guzman reached on infield single to shortstop . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guzman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Ramirez grounded out to third . Cantu walked . Uggla homered to left , Cantu scored . Hermida walked . Ross grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hermida out at second . Paulino tripled to deep center , Ross scored . Johnson singled to right , Paulino scored . Bonifacio tripled to deep center , Johnson scored . Maybin flied out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Dunn singled to right . Johnson singled to right , Dunn to second . Kearns grounded out to shortstop , Dunn to third , Johnson to second . Belliard struck out swinging . Flores struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Tavarez pitching for Nationals . Ramirez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Cantu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ramirez out at second . Uggla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Tavarez bunt popped out to first . Milledge grounded out to third . Guzman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Tavarez pitching for Nationals . Hermida struck out swinging . Ross struck out swinging . Paulino grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman flied out to center . Dunn grounded out to third . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Tavarez pitching for Nationals . Johnson struck out swinging . Bonifacio grounded out to first . Maybin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Kearns flied out to left . Belliard singled to left . Flores reached on infield single to third , Belliard to second . Bard hit for Tavarez . Bard struck out swinging . Nunez pitching for Marlins . Milledge walked , Belliard to third , Flores to second . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Milledge out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Beimel pitching for Nationals . Ramirez walked . Cantu singled to center , Ramirez to second . Uggla grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cantu out at second , Ramirez to third . Hermida lined out to second . Ross grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Uggla out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Carroll in left field . Carlos Oviedo pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman lined out to right . Dunn flied out to center . Johnson singled to right . Kearns homered to left , Johnson scored . Belliard grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Paulino walked . Gload hit for Nunez . Gload grounded out to first , Paulino to second . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Maybin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Flores doubled to left . Dukes hit for Hanrahan . Dukes struck out swinging . Milledge flied out to center . Guzman doubled to deep right center , Flores scored . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Marlins 8 .	Johnson shuts down Nats as Marlins cruise \n\n