Brewers - Top 1st . Miller pitching for Marlins . Hart flied out to right . Hall flied out to right . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Coghlan grounded out to second . Bonifacio lined out to right . Ramirez doubled to left . Cantu singled to left , Ramirez scored . Hermida flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Miller pitching for Marlins . Fielder grounded out to third . Cameron reached on infield single to third . Hardy singled to left , Cameron to second . McGehee singled to right , Cameron to third , Hardy to second . Kendall walked , Cameron scored , Hardy to third , McGehee to second . Suppan walked , Hardy scored , McGehee to third , Kendall to second . Hart singled to center , McGehee scored , Kendall to third , Suppan to second . Hall struck out swinging . Braun grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Uggla walked . Baker struck out looking . Ross struck out swinging . Miller singled to center , Uggla to second . Coghlan singled to center , Uggla scored , Miller to second . Bonifacio walked , Miller to third , Coghlan to second . Ramirez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Miller pitching for Marlins . Fielder singled to left center . Cameron walked , Fielder to second . Fielder caught stealing third , catcher to third , Cameron to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cameron out at third . McGehee struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Cantu reached on infield single to shortstop . Hermida flied out to center . Uggla popped out to shortstop . Baker singled to center , Cantu to third . Ross grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Miller pitching for Marlins . Kendall singled to center . Suppan sacrificed to pitcher , Kendall to second . Hart flied out to right . Hall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Miller struck out swinging . Coghlan grounded out to second . Bonifacio struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Miller pitching for Marlins . Braun safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Braun out at second . Cameron walked , Fielder to second . Martinez pitching for Marlins . Hardy struck out swinging . McGehee singled to left , Fielder scored , Cameron to second . Kendall grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Ramirez flied out to center . Cantu grounded out to pitcher . Hermida singled to right . Uggla walked , Hermida to second . Baker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Gerut hit for Suppan . Martinez pitching for Marlins . Gerut grounded out to second . Hart struck out swinging . Hall singled to left . Braun safe at first on error by third baseman Bonifacio , Hall to third . Fielder flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Julio pitching for Brewers . Gerut in center field . Ross singled to center . Hayes hit for Martinez . Hayes hit by pitch , Ross to second . Coghlan walked , Ross to third , Hayes to second . Bonifacio safe at first on error by first baseman Fielder , Ross scored , Hayes to third , Coghlan to second . Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop , Hayes scored , Coghlan to third , Bonifacio to second . Cantu hit by pitch , Coghlan scored , Bonifacio to third , Ramirez to second . Coffey pitching for Brewers . Catalanotto in left field . Hermida singled to left , Bonifacio scored , Ramirez to third , Cantu to second . Uggla walked , Ramirez scored , Cantu to third , Hermida to second . Baker struck out swinging . Ross struck out swinging . Hayes struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 7th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Catalanotto singled to right center . Hardy flied out to left . McGehee flied out to right . Kendall singled to right , Catalanotto to third . Gerut lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . McClung pitching for Brewers . Coghlan lined out to left . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez singled to right center . Cantu flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Carroll in right field . Hermida in left field . Nunez pitching for Marlins . Hart grounded out to shortstop . Hall lined out to shortstop . Gamel hit for McClung . Gamel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Hermida struck out swinging . Uggla flied out to right . Baker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Fielder struck out swinging . Catalanotto struck out swinging . Hardy singled to right . McGehee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 4 - Marlins 7 .	Ramirez 's 3 hits drive Marlins over Brewers