Nationals - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Harris singled to right . Harris stole second . Guzman grounded out to first , Harris to third . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Harris out at home . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Coghlan struck out swinging . Bonifacio safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Bonifacio caught stealing third , catcher to third . Ramirez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Dunn struck out looking . Willingham walked . Hernandez grounded out to first , Willingham to second . Nieves intentionally walked . Zimmermann singled to right , Willingham scored , Nieves to second , Nieves to third advancing on throw . Harris walked , Zimmermann to second . Guzman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Gload flied out to center . Uggla struck out swinging . Hermida reached on infield single to shortstop . Ross flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Johnson singled to right . Zimmerman lined out to left . Dunn doubled to deep right , Johnson to third . Willingham popped out to second . Hernandez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Baker struck out looking . Johnson struck out swinging . Coghlan singled to center . Bonifacio singled to center , Coghlan to third . Ramirez doubled to right , Coghlan and Bonifacio scored . Gload struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Nieves grounded out to second . Zimmermann reached on infield single to shortstop . Harris walked , Zimmermann to second . Badenhop pitching for Marlins . Guzman grounded out to first , Zimmermann to third , Harris to second . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Uggla flied out to center . Hermida grounded out to second . Ross flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Badenhop pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman flied out to left . Dunn grounded out to second . Willingham doubled to deep center . Hernandez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Baker doubled to deep left . Badenhop bunt popped out to third . Coghlan struck out swinging . Bonifacio flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Badenhop pitching for Marlins . Nieves struck out swinging . Zimmermann struck out looking . Harris fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Ramirez walked . Gload lined into double play , second to first , Ramirez doubled off first . Uggla singled to left . Hermida flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Guzman reached on infield single to third . Johnson walked , Guzman to second . Zimmerman flied out to right . Dunn walked , Guzman to third , Johnson to second . Willingham singled to right center , Guzman and Johnson scored , Dunn to third . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Carroll in right field . Hernandez struck out looking . Nieves flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Belliard at second base . Ross homered to left center . Baker popped out to shortstop . Carroll flied out to right . Coghlan grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Meyer pitching for Marlins . Harris walked . Guzman struck out looking , Harris stole second . Johnson walked . Zimmerman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Tavarez pitching for Nationals . Ramirez reached on infield single to pitcher . Gload singled to right , Ramirez to second . MacDougal pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez at shortstop . Uggla walked , Ramirez to third , Gload to second . Helms hit for Meyer . Helms grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramirez scored , Uggla out at second , Gload to third . Ross singled to right , Gload scored , Helms to second . Baker popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Nunez pitching for Marlins . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham grounded out to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Marlins 5 .	Ramirez extends RBI streak ; Marlins tip Nats