Marlins - Top 1st . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Coghlan doubled to deep left . Johnson struck out looking . Ramirez singled to left , Coghlan to third . Ramirez stole second . Coghlan scored , Ramirez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Bard . Cantu hit sacrifice fly to center , Ramirez scored . Uggla struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Morgan bunt grounded out to pitcher . Belliard singled to left center . Zimmerman singled to left , Belliard to second . Dunn walked , Belliard to third , Zimmerman to second . Willingham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Baker lined out to right . Ross walked . Hermida singled to center , Ross to second . Volstad singled to center , Ross to third , Hermida to second . Coghlan singled to right , Ross scored , Hermida to third , Volstad to second . Johnson hit sacrifice fly to center , Hermida scored . Ramirez doubled to deep left , Volstad scored , Coghlan to third . Kensing pitching for Nationals . Coghlan scored , Ramirez to third on wild pitch by Kensing . Cantu flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Dukes struck out swinging . Bard struck out looking . Gonzalez fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Kensing pitching for Nationals . Uggla doubled to deep right . Baker grounded out to second , Uggla to third . Ross fouled out to first . Hermida grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Kensing grounded out to shortstop . Morgan singled to center . Belliard grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morgan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Kensing pitching for Nationals . Volstad struck out swinging . Coghlan grounded out to pitcher . Johnson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman singled to center . Dunn flied out to center . Willingham walked , Zimmerman to second . Dukes singled to left , Zimmerman scored , Willingham to second . Bard struck out swinging . Gonzalez doubled to deep left , Willingham and Dukes scored . Kensing popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Kensing pitching for Nationals . Ramirez singled to left . Ramirez stole second . Cantu fouled out to first . Uggla grounded out to second , Ramirez to third . Baker homered to right , Ramirez scored . Ross flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Morgan grounded out to second . Belliard safe at second on error by third baseman Cantu . Zimmerman homered to left center , Belliard scored . Dunn singled to right . Willingham doubled to deep left center , Dunn to third . Wood pitching for Marlins . Dukes hit sacrifice fly to first , Dunn scored , Willingham to third . Bard singled to right , Willingham scored . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bard out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 6th . Villone pitching for Nationals . Hermida struck out swinging . Johnson hit for Wood . Johnson walked . Coghlan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson to second . Johnson walked , Johnson to third , Coghlan to second . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Ramirez flied out to center . Cantu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Padilla hit for Bergmann . Padilla fouled out to third . Morgan struck out swinging . Belliard walked . Zimmerman walked , Belliard to second . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Uggla walked . Baker flied out to right . Ross flied out to left . Hermida flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Willingham popped out to second . Dukes homered to left . Bard walked . Ross in right field . Ayala pitching for Marlins . Bonifacio in center field . Bard caught stealing second , catcher to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Bonifacio walked . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Coghlan bunt popped out to pitcher . Johnson singled to right , Bonifacio to second . Sosa pitching for Nationals . Guzman at shortstop . Ramirez flied out to center , Bonifacio to third . Cantu fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Ayala pitching for Marlins . Guzman walked . Morgan sacrificed to pitcher , Guzman to second . Belliard singled to center , Guzman scored . Belliard stole second . Zimmerman tripled to deep right , Belliard scored . Dunn intentionally walked . Donnelly pitching for Marlins . Harris ran for Dunn . Zimmerman scored , Harris to second on balk by Donnelly . Willingham lined out to left . Dukes singled to center , Harris scored . Bard grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Belliard at first base . Harris at second base . Sosa pitching for Nationals . Uggla hit ground rule double to left . Baker grounded out to shortstop , Uggla to third . Ross popped out to second . Gload hit for Donnelly . Gload popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 8 - Nationals 12 .	Nationals sweep Marlins with another rally