Marlins - Top 1st . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Coghlan lined out to center . Bonifacio reached on infield single to shortstop . Bonifacio caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Ramirez singled to left . Cantu lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Rollins singled to center . Victorino walked , Rollins to second . Utley flied out to center , Rollins to third . Howard hit sacrifice fly to right , Rollins scored , Victorino out at first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Helms flied out to right . Ross flied out to left . Paulino singled to right center . Hermida hit by pitch , Paulino to second . Johnson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Ibanez struck out swinging . Dobbs hit by pitch . Feliz struck out swinging . Bako struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Coghlan singled to center . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Coghlan out at second . Ramirez flied out to center . Cantu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Moyer struck out looking . Rollins lined out to right . Victorino grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Helms grounded out to shortstop . Ross singled to center . Paulino fouled out to first . Ross stole second . Hermida intentionally walked . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Utley struck out swinging , Utley safe at first on wild pitch by Johnson . Howard lined into double play , to first , Utley doubled off first . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Coghlan grounded out to second . Bonifacio safe at first on error by catcher Bako . Ramirez singled to center , Bonifacio to second . Cantu singled to left , Bonifacio scored , Ramirez to third . Helms singled to center , Ramirez scored , Cantu to second . Ross singled to left , Cantu scored , Helms to second . Paulino struck out looking . Hermida flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Dobbs singled to left center . Feliz grounded into double play , second to first , Dobbs out at second . Bako lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Johnson singled to left . Coghlan singled to right , Johnson to second . Walker pitching for Phillies . Bonifacio bunt popped out to third . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Coghlan out at second , Johnson to third . Ramirez stole second . Cantu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Francisco hit for Walker . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Francisco grounded out to third . Rollins singled to center . Victorino grounded out to first , Rollins to second . Utley reached on infield single to second , Rollins to third . Howard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Phillies . Werth in center field . Helms flied out to center . Ross doubled to deep left . Paulino lined out to right . Hermida intentionally walked . Gload hit for Johnson . Gload walked , Ross to third , Hermida to second . Coghlan singled to deep center , Ross and Hermida scored , Gload to second , Gload scored , Coghlan to third on error by center fielder Werth . Bonifacio walked . Ramirez doubled to deep center , Coghlan and Bonifacio scored . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Cantu singled to center , Ramirez scored , Cantu to second on throwing error by center fielder Werth . Helms popped out to first . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Meyer pitching for Marlins . Ibanez struck out swinging . Dobbs singled to left . Feliz homered to left , Dobbs scored . Ruiz hit for Bako . Ruiz struck out swinging . Bruntlett hit for Kendrick . Bruntlett popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Ruiz catching . Eyre pitching for Phillies . Ross lined out to shortstop . Paulino struck out looking . Hermida singled to right center . Johnson hit for Meyer . Johnson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Calero pitching for Marlins . Rollins flied out to left . Werth struck out looking . Utley walked . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Howard flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Lidge pitching for Phillies . Coghlan doubled to deep right . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez singled to center , Coghlan scored . Cantu popped out to second . Helms homered to left , Ramirez scored . Ross grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Wood pitching for Marlins . Ibanez grounded out to second . Dobbs flied out to center . Feliz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 12 - Phillies 3 .	Victorino ejected in CF ; Marlins sweep Phils \n\n