Angels - Top 1st . Bonser pitching for Twins . Figgins lined out to third . Matthews singled to center . Guerrero doubled to deep right center , Matthews scored . Anderson doubled to deep center , Guerrero scored . Hunter flied out to left . Kotchman grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for Angels . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . Mauer flied out to center . Cuddyer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Bonser pitching for Twins . Kendrick doubled to deep right center . Napoli flied out to right . Izturis struck out swinging . Figgins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for Angels . Morneau grounded out to second . Young grounded out to shortstop . Kubel singled to center . Lamb fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Bonser pitching for Twins . Matthews grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero flied out to left . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for Angels . Harris grounded out to third . Everett grounded out to second . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Hunter struck out swinging . Kotchman grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for Angels . Mauer grounded out to first . Cuddyer popped out to first . Morneau grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Napoli homered to center . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Figgins safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Everett . Matthews struck out swinging , Figgins stole second . Figgins to third on wild pitch by Bonser . Guerrero singled to left , Figgins scored . Anderson singled to right , Guerrero to third . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 5th . Garland pitching for Angels . Young singled to right . Kubel flied out to left . Lamb lined out to left . Harris walked , Young to second . Everett singled to center , Young scored , Harris to second . Gomez lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Kotchman reached on infield single to third . Kendrick grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kotchman out at second . Napoli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Garland pitching for Angels . Mauer singled to center . Cuddyer grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mauer out at second . Morneau grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Crain pitching for Twins . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Figgins doubled to deep left . Figgins to third on wild pitch by Crain . Matthews struck out swinging . Guerrero intentionally walked . Reyes pitching for Twins . Anderson singled to center , Figgins scored , Guerrero to third . Bass pitching for Twins . Hunter lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Garland pitching for Angels . Young doubled to center . Kubel flied out to center . Lamb grounded out to second , Young to third . Harris grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Bass pitching for Twins . Kotchman homered to right . Kendrick singled to center . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kendrick safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Harris . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Napoli out at second , Kendrick to third . Figgins walked , Izturis to second . Matthews grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kendrick out at home , Izturis to third , Figgins to second . Guerrero reached on infield single to third , Izturis scored , Figgins to third , Matthews to second . Anderson flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 8th . Tolbert hit for Everett . Garland pitching for Angels . Tolbert grounded out to third . Gomez singled to left . Mauer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gomez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Tolbert at shortstop . Rincon pitching for Twins . Hunter hit by pitch . Kotchman grounded out to third , Hunter to second . Kendrick reached on infield single to second , Hunter to third . Napoli walked , Kendrick to second . Izturis singled to center , Hunter and Kendrick scored , Napoli to second . Figgins flied out to left . Rivera hit for Matthews . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Napoli out at third , Izturis to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Willits in right field . O'Day pitching for Angels . Cuddyer singled to center . Morneau struck out swinging . Young singled to center , Cuddyer to second . Kubel grounded out to pitcher , Cuddyer to third , Young to second . Lamb grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 9 - Twins 1 .	Garland 's debut with Angels a smashing success