Rangers - Top 1st . Perkins pitching for Twins . Kinsler grounded out to third . Young struck out swinging . Hamilton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Gomez tripled to deep right . Casilla reached on infield single to shortstop , Gomez scored . Mauer doubled to deep right , Casilla to third . Morneau lined out to shortstop . Cuddyer batting . Kubel intentionally walked . Young grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Perkins pitching for Twins . Bradley singled to right . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bradley out at second . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Murphy out at second . Shelton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . Everett walked . Gomez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Everett out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Perkins pitching for Twins . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . Duran singled to right center . Kinsler flied out to right . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Casilla singled to center . Mauer singled to left , Casilla to third . Morneau singled to right center , Casilla scored , Mauer to second . Cuddyer doubled to deep right , Mauer scored , Morneau to third . Kubel walked . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Morneau scored , Cuddyer to third , Kubel safe at second on error by second baseman Kinsler . Lamb singled to left , Cuddyer scored , Kubel to third , Young to second . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kubel scored , Lamb out at second , Young to third . Gomez walked , Everett to second . German pitching for Rangers . Casilla walked , Young scored , Everett to third , Gomez to second . Mauer hit sacrifice fly to center , Everett scored . Morneau flied out to center . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Hamilton singled to right center . Bradley flied out to right . Murphy flied out to left . Byrd flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . German pitching for Rangers . Cuddyer lined out to shortstop . Kubel popped out to shortstop . Young grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Shelton struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia fouled out to first . Duran grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . German pitching for Rangers . Lamb singled to center . Everett popped out to second . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lamb out at second . Casilla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Kinsler fouled out to first . Young lined out to second . Hamilton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . German pitching for Rangers . Mauer flied out to left . Morneau singled to left . Cuddyer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Morneau out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Bradley hit by pitch . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bradley safe at second on error by second baseman Casilla . Byrd singled to center , Bradley to third , Murphy to second . Shelton popped out to second . Saltalamacchia singled to left , Bradley scored , Murphy to third , Byrd to second . Duran singled to right , Murphy scored , Byrd to third , Saltalamacchia to second . Bass pitching for Twins . Kinsler singled to left , Byrd scored , Saltalamacchia to third , Duran to second . Young struck out swinging . Hamilton grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 7th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Kubel doubled to center . Young tripled to deep center , Kubel scored . Lamb hit sacrifice fly to center , Young scored . Everett grounded out to third . Gomez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Clark at first base . Bass pitching for Twins . Bradley flied out to left . Murphy singled to right center . Byrd grounded out to third , Murphy to second . Shelton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Casilla flied out to left . Mauer singled to right . Clark grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mauer out at second . Cuddyer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Bass pitching for Twins . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . Duran flied out to left . Kinsler singled to center . Young singled to left , Kinsler to third . Hamilton reached on infield single to shortstop , Kinsler scored , Young to second . Bradley grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Twins 11 .	Everybody hits : Twins ' balanced ' O ' downs Rangers