Twins - Top 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Gomez bunt popped out to pitcher . Casilla flied out to center . Mauer grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Bonser pitching for Twins . Granderson popped out to shortstop . Polanco singled to left . Sheffield flied out to center . Ordonez homered to left , Polanco scored . Cabrera grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Morneau singled to center . Cuddyer flied out to center . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morneau out at second . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Bonser pitching for Twins . Guillen flied out to right . Joyce flied out to center . Rodriguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Macri singled to left . Harris struck out swinging , Macri stole second . Gomez struck out swinging . Casilla homered to left , Macri scored . Mauer singled to left . Morneau singled to left , Mauer to second . Cuddyer flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Bonser pitching for Twins . Santiago walked . Granderson flied out to left . Polanco walked , Santiago to second . Sheffield struck out swinging . Ordonez doubled to deep right , Santiago and Polanco scored . Cabrera singled to center , Ordonez scored . Guillen singled to right , Cabrera scored , Guillen to second advancing on throw . Joyce struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Monroe grounded out to second . Young walked . Young to second on wild pitch by Robertson . Macri singled to right , Young scored . Harris grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Macri out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Rodriguez doubled to deep center . Santiago sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rodriguez to third , Santiago to first , Rodriguez scored , Santiago to second on throwing error by pitcher Bonser . Granderson singled to right , Santiago scored . Bass pitching for Twins . Polanco doubled to left , Granderson scored , Polanco to third on throwing error by catcher Mauer . Sheffield doubled to deep left , Polanco scored . Ordonez homered to left , Sheffield scored . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Guillen fouled out to third . Joyce grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Inge at third base . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Gomez flied out to right . Casilla grounded out to second . Mauer grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Bass pitching for Twins . Rodriguez singled to center . Santiago grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rodriguez out at second . Granderson singled to right , Santiago to second . Polanco singled to right , Santiago to third , Granderson to second . Sheffield singled to center , Santiago and Granderson scored , Polanco to second . Rincon pitching for Twins . Ordonez walked , Polanco to third , Sheffield to second . Cabrera flied out to right . Inge struck out swinging , Inge safe at first on wild pitch by Rincon , Polanco scored , Sheffield to third , Ordonez to second . Joyce singled to center , Sheffield and Ordonez scored , Inge to second . Rodriguez walked , Inge to third , Joyce to second . Santiago singled to right , Inge and Joyce scored , Rodriguez to second . Granderson grounded out to third . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Raburn in right field . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Morneau flied out to right . Cuddyer grounded out to third . Monroe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Redmond catching . Clark at first base . Rincon pitching for Twins . Polanco flied out to right . Sheffield struck out swinging . Raburn flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Thames at first base . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Young walked . Macri struck out looking . Harris reached on infield single to shortstop , Young to second . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Gomez struck out looking . Casilla grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harris out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Thames struck out swinging . Inge flied out to center . Joyce lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Redmond singled to left center . Clark struck out swinging . Cuddyer flied out to center . Monroe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Reyes pitching for Twins . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Santiago walked . Granderson flied out to right . Polanco singled to left , Santiago to second . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Young flied out to center . Macri walked . Harris flied out to left . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 3 - Tigers 19 .	Tigers score 19 vs. Twins ; Ordonez belts 2