Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Twins . Drew grounded out to second . Ojeda grounded out to second . Hudson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Gomez bunt popped out to pitcher . Casilla singled to left center . Mauer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Casilla out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Twins . Jackson singled to left . Tracy flied out to left . Reynolds singled to left , Jackson to second . Young struck out looking . Snyder lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Morneau flied out to left . Cuddyer singled to center . Kubel grounded out to shortstop , Cuddyer to second . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Twins . Upton struck out looking . Drew safe at first on error by second baseman Casilla . Ojeda grounded out to third , Drew to second . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Buscher singled to right . Buscher caught stealing second , catcher to second . Harris struck out swinging . Gomez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Twins . Jackson singled to right . Tracy flied out to left . Reynolds singled to left , Jackson to second . Young struck out looking . Snyder singled to left , Jackson scored , Reynolds to second , Reynolds scored , Snyder to third on error by left fielder Young . Snyder scored on Hernandez ' wild pitch . Upton walked . Upton caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Drew batting . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Casilla grounded out to shortstop . Mauer walked . Morneau grounded out to second , Mauer to second . Cuddyer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Twins . Drew singled to right center . Ojeda singled to right center , Drew to second . Drew picked off second . Hudson grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Ojeda out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Kubel singled to left . Young doubled to left , Kubel to third . Buscher singled to center , Kubel and Young scored . Harris singled to left , Buscher to second . Gomez sacrificed to third , Buscher to third , Harris to second . Casilla singled to center , Buscher and Harris scored . Mauer safe at first on error by shortstop Drew , Casilla to third . Morneau hit sacrifice fly to left , Casilla scored , Mauer out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Twins . Jackson reached on infield single to second . Tracy flied out to center . Reynolds grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Cuddyer grounded out to second . Kubel struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Twins . Young grounded out to shortstop . Snyder singled to center . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Snyder out at second . Drew struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Buscher grounded out to second . Harris hit by pitch . Gomez struck out swinging , Harris to second on wild pitch by Webb . Casilla grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Crain pitching for Twins . Ojeda popped out to shortstop . Hudson popped out to shortstop . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Mauer grounded out to pitcher . Morneau singled to center . Cuddyer struck out looking . Kubel walked , Morneau to second . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Young walked , Morneau to third , Kubel to second . Buscher flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Tracy popped out to shortstop . Reynolds struck out swinging . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Twins 5 .	Buscher plates 2 as Twins dump D - backs