Twins - Top 1st . Ponson pitching for Yankees . Gomez grounded out to third . Casilla singled to left . Mauer walked , Casilla to second . Morneau popped out to second . Kubel flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Damon flied out to right . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Abreu singled to center . Rodriguez homered to center , Abreu scored . Giambi struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Ponson pitching for Yankees . Young hit by pitch . Buscher singled to center , Young to second . Harris singled to right , Young to third , Buscher to second . Span struck out looking . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young scored , Buscher out at third , Harris to second . Casilla singled to right , Harris scored , Gomez to third , Casilla to second advancing on throw . Mauer popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Cano grounded out to second . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop . Molina singled to right center , Cabrera to second . Gardner singled to left , Cabrera to third , Molina to second . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera scored on throwing error by second baseman Casilla , Molina to third , Gardner to second . Jeter singled to left , Molina scored , Gardner to third , Damon to second . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner scored , Jeter out at second , Damon to third . Rodriguez singled to left , Damon scored , Abreu to second . Bonser pitching for Twins . Giambi struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Ponson pitching for Yankees . Morneau grounded out to second . Kubel grounded out to second . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Bonser pitching for Twins . Cano homered to right . Cabrera reached on infield single to third . Molina grounded out to first , Cabrera to third . Gardner flied out to center . Damon hit ground rule double to left , Cabrera scored . Jeter struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 4th . Ponson pitching for Yankees . Buscher flied out to left . Harris lined out to center . Span tripled to deep right center . Gomez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Abreu lined out to third . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Giambi walked . Cano popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Ponson pitching for Yankees . Casilla singled to right . Mauer singled to center , Casilla to second . Morneau grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Mauer out at second , Casilla to third . Kubel singled to center , Casilla scored . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kubel out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Cabrera fouled out to third . Molina singled to center . Gardner struck out swinging . Damon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Ponson pitching for Yankees . Buscher popped out to shortstop . Harris walked . Span singled to right , Harris to third . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Span out at second . Ramirez pitching for Yankees . Casilla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Jeter homered to right . Abreu singled to right . Abreu scored , Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Breslow . Giambi struck out swinging . Cano singled to deep center , Rodriguez scored . Cabrera lined into double play , second to first , Cano doubled off first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Sexson at first base . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Mauer struck out looking . Morneau grounded out to second . Kubel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Lamb at first base . Andrew Breslow pitching for Twins . Molina singled to left center . Gardner lined out to left . Moeller hit for Damon . Moeller flied out to right . Jeter lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Betemit at third base . Hawkins pitching for Yankees . Monroe hit for Young . Monroe struck out swinging . Buscher grounded out to shortstop . Harris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Monroe in left field . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Christian hit for Abreu . Christian walked . Betemit singled to left center , Christian to third . Sexson walked , Betemit to second . Cano grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Christian scored , Sexson out at second , Betemit to third . Cabrera grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Christian in right field . Hawkins pitching for Yankees . Span doubled to right . Gomez grounded out to shortstop , Span to third . Casilla grounded out to second , Span scored . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 4 - Yankees 12 .	A - Rod provides power as Yankees thump Twins