Twins - Top 1st . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Span grounded out to catcher . Punto grounded out to second . Mauer singled to center . Morneau struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Baker pitching for Twins . Suzuki grounded out to second . Reed doubled to deep left . Ibanez grounded out to second , Reed to third . Beltre grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Kubel reached on infield single to catcher . Young singled to center , Kubel to second . Buscher grounded out to first , Kubel to third , Young to second . Kubel scored , Young to third on wild pitch by Dickey . Harris hit sacrifice fly to left , Young scored . Gomez singled to left . Span grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Baker pitching for Twins . Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop . Clement walked , Lopez to second . Balentien flied out to right , Lopez to third . LaHair struck out swinging . Betancourt flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Punto reached on infield single to second . Mauer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Punto out at second . Morneau grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Baker pitching for Twins . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Reed singled to left center , Suzuki to second . Ibanez homered to right , Suzuki and Reed scored . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop . Clement singled to right center , Lopez to third . Balentien hit sacrifice fly to right , Lopez scored . LaHair struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Kubel flied out to right . Young popped out to shortstop . Buscher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Baker pitching for Twins . Betancourt flied out to right . Suzuki flied out to center . Reed reached on infield single to shortstop . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Harris singled to left . Gomez reached on bunt single to first , Harris to second . Span sacrificed to first , Harris to third , Gomez to second . Punto struck out looking . Mauer walked . Morneau popped out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Baker pitching for Twins . Beltre fouled out to catcher . Lopez flied out to right . Clement popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Kubel homered to right . Young grounded out to second . Buscher walked . Harris grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Buscher out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Baker pitching for Twins . Balentien struck out looking . LaHair struck out swinging , LaHair safe at first on wild pitch by Baker . Betancourt hit ground rule double to deep left , LaHair to third . Suzuki intentionally walked . Breslow pitching for Twins . Reed grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , LaHair out at home , Betancourt to third , Suzuki to second . Ibanez singled to center , Betancourt and Suzuki scored , Reed to second . Crain pitching for Twins . Beltre grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Gomez flied out to center . Span flied out to right . Punto grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Lopez grounded out to third . Clement flied out to left . Balentien singled to left . LaHair singled to center , Balentien to second . Cairo ran for LaHair . Betancourt lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Cairo at first base . Jimenez pitching for Mariners . Mauer grounded out to second . Morneau doubled to deep right . Kubel homered to right , Morneau scored . Corcoran pitching for Mariners . Young grounded out to third . Buscher reached on infield single to second . Everett ran for Buscher . Harris singled to center , Everett to second . Putz pitching for Mariners . Lamb hit for Gomez . Lamb doubled to deep center , Everett and Harris scored . Span struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Punto in center field . Everett at second base . Lamb at third base . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Suzuki singled to right . Reed fouled out to third . Ibanez singled to right , Suzuki to second . Nathan pitching for Twins . Beltre lined out to shortstop . Lopez doubled to deep left center , Suzuki and Ibanez scored , Lopez to third on throwing error by shortstop Harris . Clement struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 9th . Burke catching . Putz pitching for Mariners . Punto struck out swinging . Mauer struck out swinging . Morneau walked . Kubel doubled to deep left , Morneau to third . Young intentionally walked . Redmond hit for Everett . Redmond lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 7 - Mariners 8 .	Twins drop out of first after Mariners rally in 8th