Mariners - Top 1st. Stratton pitching for Angels. Smith grounded out to second. Haniger flied out to center. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Calhoun grounded out to third. Trout flied out to left. Simmons singled to left. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Simmons out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Stratton pitching for Angels. Encarnación singled to shallow center. Vogelbach reached on infield single to pitcher, Encarnación to second. Beckham grounded out to first, Vogelbach to second, Encarnación to third. Narváez singled to shallow center, Encarnación scored, Vogelbach to third. Healy homered to center (416 feet), Vogelbach scored and Narváez scored. Gordon struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Goodwin singled to right center. Smith grounded into double play, third to second to first, Goodwin out at second. La Stella singled to right. Bourjos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Stratton pitching for Angels. Haniger walked. Santana struck out swinging. Encarnación flied out to right. Vogelbach singled to right center, Haniger to third. Beckham singled to right, Haniger scored, Vogelbach to second. Narváez walked, Beckham to second, Vogelbach to third. Healy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beckham out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Fletcher lined out to center. Calhoun doubled to right. Trout grounded out to third, Calhoun to third. Simmons doubled to left, Calhoun scored. Pujols singled to left, Simmons scored. Goodwin struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Stratton pitching for Angels. Gordon grounded out to second. Smith grounded out to second. Haniger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Smith grounded out to second. La Stella grounded out to third. Bourjos singled to left. Bourjos stole second, Bourjos safe at third on throwing error by catcher Narváez. Fletcher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 5th. Stratton pitching for Angels. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Encarnación flied out to left. Vogelbach walked. Beckham flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Calhoun walked. Trout flied out to center. Simmons grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Calhoun out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Stratton pitching for Angels. Narváez singled to right center. Jewell pitching for Angels. Healy homered to left (399 feet), Narváez scored. Gordon singled to center. Gordon stole second. Smith struck out swinging. Haniger lined out to center, Gordon to third. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pujols struck out swinging. Goodwin grounded out to second. Smith lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Jewell pitching for Angels. Encarnación hit by pitch. Vogelbach walked, Encarnación to second. Beckham struck out swinging. Narváez homered to right center (411 feet), Encarnación scored and Vogelbach scored. Healy walked. Peters pitching for Angels. Gordon walked, Healy to second. Smith singled to center, Gordon to second, Healy to third. Haniger struck out looking. Santana struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. La Stella singled to shallow right. Bourjos doubled to deep left, La Stella scored. Alaniz pitching for Mariners. Fletcher struck out swinging. Calhoun homered to right center (414 feet), Bourjos scored. Trout singled to center. Simmons doubled to left, Trout scored. Pujols doubled to left, Simmons scored. Brennan pitching for Mariners. Goodwin walked. Bour hit for Smith. Bour struck out swinging. La Stella singled to center, Pujols scored, Goodwin to third. Goodwin scored on Brennan wild pitch, La Stella to second on wild pitch by Brennan. Bourjos grounded out to third. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Lucroy catching. García pitching for Angels. Encarnación grounded out to shortstop. Vogelbach walked. Moore ran for Vogelbach. Beckham walked, Moore to second. Narváez walked, Beckham to second, Moore to third. Healy popped out to second. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Narváez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Moore as designated hitter. Swarzak pitching for Mariners. Fletcher homered to center (398 feet). Calhoun walked. Trout lined out to right. Simmons grounded out to pitcher, Calhoun to second. Pujols walked. Pujols to second on wild pitch by Swarzak, Calhoun to third on wild pitch by Swarzak. Goodwin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Allen pitching for Angels. Smith struck out swinging. Haniger singled to center. Santana lined out to center. Haniger stole second. Encarnación walked. Bruce hit for Moore. Bruce singled to left, Haniger scored, Encarnación to second. Beckham walked, Bruce to second, Encarnación to third. Narváez flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Bruce as designated hitter. Elías pitching for Mariners. Lucroy reached on infield single to third. Cozart hit for La Stella. Cozart struck out looking. Bourjos flied out to right. Fletcher grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 11 - Angels 10.	Mariners blow 8-run lead, rally for 11-10 win over Angels