Mariners - Top 1st. Minor pitching for Rangers. Gordon grounded out to first. Haniger grounded out to shortstop. Encarnación struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Leake pitching for Mariners. Choo singled to center, Choo safe at second on error by left fielder Santana. Santana singled to right, Choo scored. Mazara grounded into fielder's choice to first, Santana out at second. Pence flied out to right. Gallo walked, Mazara to second. Odor homered to right (458 feet), Mazara scored and Gallo scored. Cabrera homered to right (392 feet). Guzmán grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 2nd. Minor pitching for Rangers. Santana struck out swinging. Healy struck out swinging. Beckham walked. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Leake pitching for Mariners. Kiner-Falefa doubled to deep right. Choo lined out to left. Santana struck out swinging. Mazara grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Minor pitching for Rangers. Murphy struck out swinging. Smith singled to center. Gordon singled to left center, Smith to second. Haniger flied out to center, Smith to third. Encarnación lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Leake pitching for Mariners. Pence singled to shallow left. Gallo struck out looking. Odor grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Pence out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Minor pitching for Rangers. Santana struck out swinging. Healy struck out swinging. Beckham singled to center. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Cabrera homered to right center (390 feet). Guzmán doubled to deep right center. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. Choo doubled to deep left, Guzmán scored. Santana struck out swinging. Mazara reached on infield single to second, Choo to third. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mazara out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Minor pitching for Rangers. Murphy struck out looking. Smith struck out looking. Gordon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Gallo singled to right. Odor grounded out to first, Gallo to second. Cabrera grounded out to second, Gallo to third. Guzmán grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Minor pitching for Rangers. Haniger singled to center. Encarnación doubled to deep center, Haniger to third. Santana struck out swinging. Healy hit sacrifice fly to center, Haniger scored. Beckham singled to left center, Encarnación scored. Crawford struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Vogelbach at first base. Garton pitching for Mariners. Kiner-Falefa struck out looking. Choo grounded out to second. Santana grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Rangers. Murphy lined out to left. Smith struck out looking. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Garton pitching for Mariners. Mazara doubled to deep right center. Pence homered to left center (449 feet), Mazara scored. Markel pitching for Mariners. Gallo homered to center (401 feet). Odor struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guzmán popped out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Rangers. Haniger grounded out to third. Encarnación walked. Santana singled to left center, Encarnación to second. Vogelbach singled to right center, Santana to second, Encarnación to third. Beckham homered to left (385 feet), Encarnación scored, Santana scored and Vogelbach scored. Martin pitching for Rangers. Crawford struck out swinging. Murphy reached on infield single to second. Smith struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. McKay pitching for Mariners. Kiner-Falefa lined out to center. Choo grounded out to second. Santana doubled to right. Mazara flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Martin pitching for Rangers. Gordon grounded out to third. Haniger reached on infield single to second. Encarnación doubled to left, Haniger scored. Santana lined out to right. Encarnación to third on passed ball by Kiner-Falefa. Vogelbach homered to right (415 feet), Encarnación scored. Beckham grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 9 - Rangers 10.	Minor 11 Ks, Rangers 5 homers in 10-9 win over Mariners