Astros - Top 1st. Leake pitching for Mariners. Fisher grounded out to second. Bregman singled to center. Brantley walked, Bregman to second. Reddick singled to left, Brantley to second, Bregman to third. White hit sacrifice fly to center, Bregman scored, Reddick to second, Brantley to third. Stubbs grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Peacock pitching for Astros. Smith flied out to left. Haniger struck out looking. Encarnación grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Leake pitching for Mariners. Marisnick flied out to right. Kemp hit ground rule double to deep center. Straw struck out looking. Fisher grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Vogelbach walked. Seager singled to deep right center, Vogelbach to second. Santana grounded into double play, third to second to first, Seager out at second, Vogelbach to third. Long popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Leake pitching for Mariners. Bregman grounded out to third. Brantley singled to right. Reddick flied out to left. White popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Murphy struck out swinging. Moore grounded out to third. Smith grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Stubbs singled to center. Marisnick struck out swinging, Stubbs stole second. Kemp flied out to center, Stubbs to third. Straw grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Haniger grounded out to pitcher. Encarnación struck out looking. Vogelbach struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Fisher struck out looking. Bregman grounded out to shortstop. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Seager walked. Santana singled to shallow center, Seager to second. Long singled to right, Santana to second, Seager to third. Murphy struck out swinging. Moore grounded into fielder's choice to third, Long to second, Santana to third, Seager out at home. Smith singled to right, Long scored and Santana scored, Moore to third. Haniger hit by pitch, Smith to second. Encarnación struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Reddick doubled to right. White grounded out to shortstop. Stubbs struck out swinging. Marisnick grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Guduan pitching for Astros. Vogelbach walked. Seager flied out to right. Santana homered to right center (395 feet), Vogelbach scored. Long singled to center. Rodgers pitching for Astros. Murphy homered to left (351 feet), Long scored. Moore singled to center. Smith singled to right, Smith safe at second on throwing error by right fielder Reddick, Moore to third. Haniger fouled out to third. Encarnación homered to left (442 feet), Moore scored and Smith scored. Vogelbach grounded out to shortstop. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 7th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Kemp grounded out to second. Straw fouled out to first. Fisher grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Rodgers pitching for Astros. Seager walked. Santana flied out to right. Long grounded into fielder's choice to second, Seager out at second in rundown. Murphy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Mayfield hit for Bregman. Leake pitching for Mariners. Mayfield lined out to center. Brantley flied out to center. Reddick grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Mayfield at third base. Rodgers pitching for Astros. Moore walked. Smith doubled to right center, Moore scored. Haniger struck out looking. Smith to third on wild pitch by Rodgers. Encarnación walked. Williamson hit for Vogelbach. Williamson homered to center (403 feet), Smith scored and Encarnación scored. Fisher in right field. Brantley in left field. Reddick at first base. Tyler White pitching for Astros. Seager homered to right (368 feet). Santana lined out to right. Long struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Williamson as designated hitter. Leake pitching for Mariners. White grounded out to third. Stubbs walked. Marisnick grounded out to first, Stubbs to second. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 1 - Mariners 14.	Leake tosses gem, Mariners hit 5 HRs in 14-1 win over Astros