Mariners - Top 1st. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Smith struck out swinging. Santana struck out swinging. Vogelbach flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. La Stella grounded out to first. Trout flied out to right. Ohtani singled to shallow right. Pujols doubled to shallow left, Ohtani to third. Smith singled to shallow right center, Ohtani scored and Pujols scored. Calhoun safe at first on error by shortstop Moore, Smith to second. Puello singled to right, Smith scored, Calhoun to third. Tovar grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Encarnación struck out swinging. Narváez flied out to left. Seager homered to right center (382 feet). Williamson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Rengifo singled to left, Rengifo safe at second on error by left fielder Williamson. La Stella struck out swinging. Trout walked. Ohtani grounded out to first, Trout to second, Rengifo to third. Pujols grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 3rd. Peters pitching for Angels. Long flied out to right. Moore hit ground rule double to deep center. Smith grounded out to second, Moore to third. Santana doubled to deep right, Moore scored. Vogelbach grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Smith doubled to deep center. Calhoun fouled out to left, Smith to third. Puello hit by pitch. Tovar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Puello to second, Smith out at home. Rengifo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Peters pitching for Angels. Encarnación safe at first on error by third baseman La Stella. Narváez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Encarnación out at second. Seager grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 4th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. La Stella homered to right (418 feet). Trout homered to left (429 feet). Ohtani homered to left center (396 feet). Pujols walked. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pujols out at second. Calhoun walked, Smith to second. Scott pitching for Mariners. Puello reached on infield single to catcher, Smith scored, Calhoun to second. Tovar struck out swinging. Rengifo grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Peters pitching for Angels. Williamson struck out looking. Long singled to center. Moore popped out to shortstop. Smith doubled to left, Long to third. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Scott pitching for Mariners. La Stella doubled to right. Trout hit by pitch. Ohtani doubled to right, La Stella scored, Trout to third. Pujols singled to shallow center, Trout scored and Ohtani scored. Smith struck out swinging. Calhoun struck out swinging. Puello struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Peters pitching for Angels. Vogelbach flied out to center. Encarnación homered to center (405 feet). Narváez lined out to right. Seager grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Scott pitching for Mariners. Tovar walked. Rengifo lined out to left. La Stella grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tovar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Peters pitching for Angels. Williamson struck out swinging. Long reached on infield single to shortstop. Moore hit by pitch, Long to second. Smith grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Moore out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Biddle pitching for Mariners. Trout tripled to right. Ohtani grounded out to first. Pujols walked. Smith grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Santana struck out looking. Vogelbach lined out to left. Encarnación walked. Narváez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Biddle pitching for Mariners. Calhoun singled to right center. Puello homered to right center (390 feet), Calhoun scored. Tovar struck out swinging. Rengifo grounded out to second. La Stella grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Goodwin in center field. Lucroy at first base. Anderson pitching for Angels. Seager struck out swinging. Williamson lined out to center. Long popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Angels 12.	Ohtani homers off Kikuchi in Angels' 12-3 win over Seattle