Mariners - Top 1st. Pineda pitching for Twins. Smith struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Polanco popped out to second. Cron safe at first on error by third baseman Long. Cruz walked, Cron to second. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to first, Cruz out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 2nd. Pineda pitching for Twins. Vogelbach struck out looking. Narv치ez struck out swinging. Beckham walked. Gordon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Schoop singled to right center. Kepler walked, Schoop to second. Adrianza reached on bunt single to first, Kepler to second, Schoop to third. Castro struck out swinging. Buxton struck out swinging. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Adrianza out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Pineda pitching for Twins. Long grounded out to second. Williamson grounded out to shortstop. Smith flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Cron struck out swinging. Cruz homered to left (378 feet). Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Schoop doubled to deep center. Kepler fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Pineda pitching for Twins. Seager grounded out to first. Santana grounded out to third. Vogelbach doubled to right. Narv치ez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Adrianza grounded out to first. Castro lined out to left. Buxton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Pineda pitching for Twins. Beckham popped out to first. Gordon bunt grounded out to pitcher. Long grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Polanco flied out to left. Cron grounded out to shortstop. Cruz singled to right. Gonzalez doubled to left, Cruz to third. Schoop flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Pineda pitching for Twins. Williamson grounded out to shortstop. Smith flied out to center. Seager singled to right. Santana walked, Seager to second. Harper pitching for Twins. Vogelbach singled to right center, Seager scored, Santana to third. Narv치ez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Brennan pitching for Mariners. Kepler walked. Adrianza singled to right, Kepler to third. Adrianza to third on wild pitch by Brennan. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to second, Adrianza scored. Buxton walked, Castro to second. Gearrin pitching for Mariners. Polanco singled to center, Buxton to second, Castro to third. Cron lined out to left. Cruz singled to left, Buxton scored and Castro scored, Polanco to second. Biddle pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez lined out to center, Polanco to third. Schoop hit by pitch, Cruz to second. Kepler singled to shallow left, Cruz scored and Polanco scored, Schoop to third. Adrianza flied out to left. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Harper pitching for Twins. Beckham struck out looking. Gordon grounded out to first. Morin pitching for Twins. Long struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Biddle pitching for Mariners. Castro struck out swinging. Buxton walked. Buxton to second on wild pitch by Biddle. Polanco singled to left, Buxton scored. Scott pitching for Mariners. Cron homered to left (392 feet), Polanco scored. Cruz struck out swinging. Gonzalez reached on infield single to second. Schoop grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Romero pitching for Twins. Williamson walked. Smith singled to right, Williamson to second. Seager doubled to deep center, Williamson scored, Smith to third. Moore hit for Santana. Smith scored on Romero wild pitch, Seager to third on wild pitch by Romero. Moore walked. Magill pitching for Twins. Vogelbach walked, Moore to second. Narv치ez struck out looking. Beckham lined out to center. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Vogelbach out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Moore in right field. Scott pitching for Mariners. Kepler struck out swinging. Adrianza singled to right. Castro walked, Adrianza to second. Buxton flied out to left. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Magill pitching for Twins. Long hit ground rule double to deep center. Williamson walked. Smith lined out to left. Seager grounded out to shortstop, Williamson to second, Long to third. Moore doubled to deep left, Long scored and Williamson scored. Vogelbach grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Twins 10.	Nelson Cruz homers has 3 RBIs as Twins rout M's 10-5