Orioles - Top 1st. Leake pitching for Mariners. Villar grounded out to first. Santander singled to right. Smith Jr. reached on infield single to shortstop, Santander to second. Severino doubled to left, Smith Jr. scored and Santander scored. Sisco singled to right center, Severino scored. Alberto grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Sisco out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Gilmartin pitching for Orioles. Smith hit ground rule double to right. Crawford singled to right center, Smith scored. Santana walked, Crawford to second. Vogelbach popped out to first. Murphy flied out to center, Crawford to third. Narváez flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Leake pitching for Mariners. Ruiz grounded out to second. Davis singled to center. Wilkerson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Gilmartin pitching for Orioles. Seager flied out to right. Moore homered to left (418 feet). Williamson struck out looking. Smith reached on infield single to first. Smith stole second, Smith safe at third on throwing error by catcher Sisco. Crawford singled to left, Smith scored. Santana walked, Crawford to second. Vogelbach grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 3rd. Leake pitching for Mariners. Villar grounded out to second. Santander grounded out to shortstop. Smith Jr. lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Gilmartin pitching for Orioles. Murphy grounded out to second. Narváez singled to left. Seager homered to center (406 feet), Narváez scored. Kline pitching for Orioles. Moore walked. Williamson grounded out to first, Moore to second. Smith singled to right center, Moore scored. Crawford singled to center, Smith to second. Santana doubled to deep right center, Crawford scored and Smith scored. Vogelbach struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Severino grounded out to third. Sisco flied out to center. Alberto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Kline pitching for Orioles. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Narváez grounded out to shortstop. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Ruiz struck out swinging. Davis fouled out to left. Wilkerson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Kline pitching for Orioles. Moore grounded out to shortstop. Williamson homered to center (444 feet). Scott pitching for Orioles. Smith walked. Smith stole second. Crawford walked. Santana struck out looking. Vogelbach singled to center, Smith scored, Crawford to second. Murphy walked, Vogelbach to second, Crawford to third. Narváez lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Leake pitching for Mariners. Villar doubled to deep right center. Santander grounded out to second, Villar to third. Smith Jr. singled to left, Villar scored. Severino singled to left, Smith Jr. to second. Sisco doubled to right, Smith Jr. scored, Severino to third. Alberto reached on infield single to shortstop, Severino scored. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to center, Sisco scored, Alberto safe at second on error by shortstop Crawford. Davis singled to right, Ruiz to second, Alberto to third. Gearrin pitching for Mariners. Wilkerson grounded out to first, Alberto scored, Davis to second, Ruiz to third. Villar grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Armstrong pitching for Orioles. Seager walked. Moore flied out to center. Williamson struck out swinging. Smith walked, Seager to second. Crawford fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Gearrin pitching for Mariners. Santander doubled to deep center. Smith Jr. singled to left, Santander to third. Adams pitching for Mariners. Severino singled to left, Santander scored, Smith Jr. to second. Sisco struck out looking. Alberto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Severino out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Armstrong pitching for Orioles. Santana struck out looking. Vogelbach struck out swinging. Murphy popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Adams pitching for Mariners. Ruiz struck out swinging. Davis struck out swinging. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Narváez doubled to right center. Gordon ran for Narváez. Seager grounded out to shortstop. Moore grounded out to second. Williamson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Nola at first base. Gordon as designated hitter. Elías pitching for Mariners. Villar struck out swinging. Santander struck out swinging. Núñez hit for Smith Jr. Núñez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 9 - Mariners 10.	Mariners win 8-7, hand Orioles 10th straight loss