Mariners - Top 1st. Cole pitching for Astros. Gordon struck out swinging. Long flied out to left. Nola struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Springer grounded out to third. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Bregman fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Cole pitching for Astros. Seager grounded out to shortstop. Narváez struck out swinging. Vogelbach grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Alvarez struck out swinging. Díaz grounded out to third. Tucker walked. Toro doubled to deep right, Tucker to third. Tucker scored on error by shortstop Gordon and Toro scored on error by shortstop Gordon, Maldonado safe at first on error by shortstop Gordon. Marisnick homered to left (432 feet), Maldonado scored. Springer flied out to center. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 3rd. Cole pitching for Astros. Lopes struck out looking. Bishop struck out swinging. Broxton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Altuve doubled to center. Bregman hit by pitch. Alvarez doubled to right, Bregman scored and Altuve scored. Díaz doubled to deep left, Alvarez scored. Tucker hit ground rule double to deep right, Díaz scored. Toro walked. Maldonado doubled to left, Tucker scored, Toro to third. Swanson pitching for Mariners. Marisnick popped out to shortstop. Springer homered to right (372 feet), Toro scored and Maldonado scored. Altuve flied out to right. Bregman singled to left. Straw ran for Bregman. Alvarez doubled to right, Bregman scored and Straw scored. Díaz walked. Tucker struck out swinging. 9 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Straw at shortstop. Cole pitching for Astros. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Long homered to left (338 feet). Nola grounded out to second. Seager struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Nola at third base. Court at first base. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Toro struck out looking. Maldonado singled to right center. Marisnick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Maldonado out at second. Springer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Cole pitching for Astros. Narváez struck out swinging. Vogelbach struck out looking. Lopes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Altuve walked. Stubbs ran for Altuve. Straw singled to right, Stubbs to second. Alvarez struck out looking. Díaz walked, Straw to second, Stubbs to third. Tucker doubled to deep right, Stubbs scored and Straw scored, Díaz to third. Toro lined out to shortstop. Maldonado struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Stubbs in left field. Díaz at second base. Tucker at first base. Cole pitching for Astros. Bishop struck out looking. Broxton struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Marisnick struck out looking. Springer grounded out to first. Stubbs doubled to right. Straw reached on infield single to shortstop, Stubbs to third. Alvarez hit ground rule double to deep right, Stubbs scored, Straw to third. Díaz popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Cole pitching for Astros. Long grounded out to second. Nola struck out swinging. Court struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Moore at shortstop. McClain pitching for Mariners. Tucker flied out to center. Toro doubled to deep left. Maldonado walked. Marisnick singled to left, Maldonado to second, Toro to third. Springer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Toro scored, Marisnick out at second, Maldonado to third. Stubbs walked, Springer to second. Straw singled to shallow left, Maldonado scored, Stubbs to second, Springer to third. Alvarez singled to center, Springer scored and Stubbs scored, Straw to third. Díaz singled to left, Straw scored, Alvarez to second. Tucker grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Cole pitching for Astros. Narváez grounded out to shortstop. Vogelbach struck out swinging. Lopes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Grotz pitching for Mariners. Toro grounded out to first. Maldonado grounded out to shortstop. Marisnick reached on infield single to second. Springer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Bishop grounded out to third. Broxton struck out swinging. Moore struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 1 - Astros 21.	Cole's 15-K birthday gem powers Astros' 21-1 win