Nationals - Top 1st. Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays. Turner struck out looking. Harper struck out swinging. Rendon singled to center. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Roark pitching for Nationals. Granderson flied out to left. Hernández singled to left. Solarte struck out swinging. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays. Soto struck out swinging. Taylor singled to left. Taylor stole second. Goodwin grounded out to second, Taylor to third. Difo singled to shallow left, Taylor scored. Difo stole second. Kieboom walked. Difo scored, Kieboom to second on balk by Gaviglio. Turner struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Pillar flied out to right. Martin grounded out to second. Grichuk homered to left (388 feet). Díaz doubled to left center. Travis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays. Harper grounded out to second. Rendon doubled to right. Murphy singled to center, Rendon scored, Murphy thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Soto struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Granderson flied out to center. Hernández grounded out to third. Solarte singled to center. Morales reached on infield single to second, Solarte to second. Pillar doubled to left, Solarte scored, Morales to third. Martin walked. Grichuk walked, Morales scored, Pillar to third, Martin to second. Díaz grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays. Taylor singled to center. Taylor stole second. Goodwin flied out to left. Difo struck out swinging. Kieboom walked. Taylor stole third. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kieboom out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Travis singled to center. Granderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Travis out at second. Hernández hit by pitch, Granderson to second. Solarte grounded out to second, Granderson to third, Hernández to second. Morales reached on infield single to shortstop, Granderson scored, Hernández to third. Pillar popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Harper flied out to right. Rendon struck out swinging. Murphy lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Kelley pitching for Nationals. Martin popped out to second. Grichuk homered to left (405 feet). Díaz grounded out to shortstop. Travis doubled to right. Collins pitching for Nationals. Smoak hit for Granderson. Smoak grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Soto flied out to left. Taylor reached on infield single to third. Taylor stole second. Goodwin doubled to deep center, Taylor scored. Difo singled to center, Goodwin to third. Oh pitching for Blue Jays. Eaton hit for Kieboom. Eaton singled to left, Goodwin scored, Difo thrown out at third, Eaton to second advancing on throw. Turner fouled out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Severino catching. Collins pitching for Nationals. Hernández singled to right center. Solarte popped out to second. Morales grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Axford pitching for Blue Jays. Harper struck out swinging. Rendon lined out to right. Murphy lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Miller pitching for Nationals. Pillar singled to center. Pillar stole second. Martin flied out to center, Pillar to third. Grichuk singled to deep center, Pillar scored. Grichuk stole second. Díaz flied out to center. Travis grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Clippard pitching for Blue Jays. Soto singled to left. Soto to second on wild pitch by Clippard. Taylor struck out swinging. Goodwin singled to shallow left, Soto scored, Goodwin to second advancing on throw. Difo struck out swinging. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Severino walked. Turner reached on infield single to pitcher, Goodwin to third, Severino to second. Harper flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Madson pitching for Nationals. Smoak struck out swinging. Hernández homered to left (384 feet). Solarte homered to right (357 feet). Morales struck out swinging. Pillar grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Smoak at first base. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Rendon struck out looking. Murphy struck out swinging. Soto lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 6 - Blue Jays 8.	Hernandez, Solarte hit back-to-back HRs, Jays beat Nats 8-6