Marlins - Top 1st. Roark pitching for Nationals. Dietrich hit by pitch. Anderson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dietrich out at second. Realmuto singled to right. Bour reached on infield single to third, Realmuto to second, Realmuto to third on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds. Bour stole second. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Richards pitching for Marlins. Eaton grounded out to first. Turner struck out swinging. Soto walked. Soto to second on wild pitch by Richards. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Prado singled to right. Riddle singled to left center, Prado to second. Maybin singled to center, Prado scored, Riddle to second. Richards sacrificed to pitcher, Riddle to third, Maybin to second. Dietrich hit by pitch. Anderson popped out to first. Realmuto singled to right center, Riddle and Maybin scored, Dietrich to second. Bour walked, Dietrich to third, Realmuto to second. Castro struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Richards pitching for Marlins. Reynolds walked. Adams singled to right, Reynolds to second. Murphy singled to right, Reynolds scored, Adams to second. Kieboom singled to right, Adams to third, Murphy to second. Roark struck out swinging. Eaton popped out to shortstop. Turner struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Prado singled to left. Riddle grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Prado out at second. Maybin walked, Riddle to second. Richards sacrificed to pitcher, Riddle to third, Maybin to second. Dietrich walked. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Maybin out at third, Dietrich to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Richards pitching for Marlins. Soto walked. Harper flied out to left. Reynolds doubled to deep left center, Soto to third. Adams walked. Murphy hit sacrifice fly to left, Soto scored. Kieboom lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Realmuto reached on infield single to second. Bour struck out looking. Castro singled to right, Realmuto to third. Prado struck out looking. Riddle singled to right, Realmuto scored, Castro to third. Maybin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Taylor hit for Roark. Richards pitching for Marlins. Taylor walked. Eaton walked, Taylor to second. Turner struck out swinging. Soto grounded out to first, Taylor to third, Eaton to second. Harper intentionally walked. Rucinski pitching for Marlins. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Grace pitching for Nationals. Rojas hit for Rucinski. Rojas singled to shallow center. Dietrich fouled out to catcher. Anderson lined out to right. Realmuto flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Adams grounded out to third. Murphy grounded out to first. Kieboom struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Grace pitching for Nationals. Bour grounded out to first. Castro singled to center. Prado singled to left, Castro to second. Riddle popped out to shortstop. Maybin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Difo hit for Grace. Conley pitching for Marlins. Difo struck out swinging. Eaton struck out swinging. Turner struck out swinging, Turner safe at first on passed ball by Realmuto. Soto lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Nationals. Rivera hit for Conley. Rivera singled to center. Rivera stole second. Dietrich singled to right, Rivera scored. Anderson singled to left center, Dietrich to second. Realmuto singled to center, Dietrich scored, Anderson to third. Bour struck out swinging. Realmuto caught stealing second, catcher to second to first. Castro struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Steckenrider pitching for Marlins. Harper walked. Reynolds struck out looking. Adams flied out to center. Murphy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Kintzler pitching for Nationals. Prado grounded out to pitcher. Riddle struck out looking. Maybin singled to left. Cooper hit for Steckenrider. Cooper grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Ziegler pitching for Marlins. Kieboom struck out swinging. Goodwin hit for Kintzler. Goodwin struck out swinging. Eaton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Goodwin in right field. Madson pitching for Nationals. Dietrich walked. Anderson lined out to right. Realmuto singled to left, Dietrich to second. Bour doubled to left center, Dietrich and Realmuto scored. Castro popped out to second. Prado doubled to right, Bour scored. Prado to third on wild pitch by Madson. Riddle singled to center, Prado scored. Maybin walked, Riddle to second. Severino catching. Kieboom at third base. Reynolds pitching for Nationals. Holaday hit for Ziegler. Holaday grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Realmuto at first base. Holaday catching. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Turner grounded out to pitcher. Soto struck out swinging. Harper walked. Reynolds singled to right, Harper to second. Adams grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 10 - Nationals 2.	Realmuto gets 5 hits as Marlins finally beat Nationals, 10-2