Cardinals - Top 1st. Fedde pitching for Nationals. Carpenter struck out looking. Muñoz struck out swinging. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Eaton lined out to left. Turner walked. Harper walked, Turner advanced to second, Turner tagged out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Harper batting. Rendon lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Fedde pitching for Nationals. Ozuna homered to left center (416 feet). DeJong singled to right. Molina singled to left center, DeJong to second. Wisdom struck out swinging. Bader walked, DeJong to third, Molina to second. Gant struck out swinging. Carpenter singled to right, DeJong and Molina scored, Bader to second, Bader scored on error by right fielder Eaton. Carpenter to second on balk by Fedde. Muñoz grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Soto walked. Zimmerman grounded into double play, second to first, Soto out at second. Difo lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Fedde pitching for Nationals. Martínez struck out looking. Ozuna grounded out to second. DeJong grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Severino grounded out to shortstop. Fedde struck out looking. Eaton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Fedde pitching for Nationals. Molina walked. Wisdom struck out swinging. Bader flied out to center. Gant struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Turner reached on infield single to third. Harper walked, Turner to second. Rendon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harper out at second, Turner to third. Soto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Fedde pitching for Nationals. Carpenter grounded out to first. Muñoz flied out to right. Martínez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman safe at first on error by second baseman Muñoz. Difo lined out to right. Severino singled to right, Zimmerman to third. Stevenson hit for Fedde. Stevenson walked, Severino to second. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Eaton struck out looking. Turner walked, Zimmerman scored, Severino to third, Stevenson to second. Harper hit ground rule double to deep center, Severino and Stevenson scored, Turner to third. Rendon intentionally walked. Soto walked, Turner scored, Harper to third, Rendon to second. Ross pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Williams pitching for Nationals. Ozuna homered to center (411 feet). DeJong homered to right center (402 feet). Molina flied out to center. Wisdom homered to left center (426 feet). Bader singled to center. Ross sacrificed to pitcher, Bader to second. Carpenter intentionally walked. Muñoz walked, Bader to third, Carpenter to second. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Ross pitching for Cardinals. Difo homered to right (373 feet). Severino walked. Robles hit for Cordero. Robles flied out to center. Eaton lined out to center. Turner lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Glover pitching for Nationals. Ozuna struck out looking. DeJong struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Hudson pitching for Cardinals. Harper walked. Rendon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harper out at second. Soto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Grace pitching for Nationals. Wisdom struck out looking. Bader popped out to second. O'Neill hit for Hudson. O'Neill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Leone pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Difo singled to right. Wieters hit for Severino. Wieters struck out swinging. Reynolds hit for Grace. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Wieters catching. Solís pitching for Nationals. Carpenter walked. Muñoz reached on bunt single to first, Carpenter to second. Martínez struck out swinging. Ozuna grounded out to third, Carpenter to third, Muñoz to second. DeJong hit by pitch. Molina homered to left (389 feet), Carpenter, Muñoz and DeJong scored. Wisdom grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Muñoz in right field. Garcia at second base. Leone pitching for Cardinals. Eaton reached on infield single to third. Turner singled to left, Eaton to second. Harper lined out to right, Eaton to third. Rendon doubled to deep right, Eaton scored, Turner to third. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Soto struck out swinging. Zimmerman doubled to deep right, Turner and Rendon scored. Difo walked. Hicks pitching for Cardinals. Wieters grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 11 - Nationals 8.	Cards beat Nats behind Molina grand slam, 4 other homers