Marlins - Top 1st. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Riddle struck out swinging. Rojas lined out to right. Realmuto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Brigham pitching for Marlins. Eaton walked. Turner flied out to center. Eaton stole second. Harper walked. Rendon homered to left (401 feet), Eaton and Harper scored. Soto grounded out to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. O'Brien struck out swinging. Anderson flied out to right. Brinson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Brigham pitching for Marlins. Wieters singled to right. Difo walked, Wieters to second. Scherzer bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wieters out at third, Difo to second, Difo to third, Scherzer to second on throwing error by third baseman Anderson. Eaton walked. Turner grounded into double play, third to second to first, Eaton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Dean hit by pitch. Sierra fouled out to third. Brigham sacrificed to first, Dean to second. Riddle struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Brigham pitching for Marlins. Harper doubled to deep center. Rendon hit by pitch. Soto grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Rendon out at second, Harper to third. Zimmerman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Rojas singled to center. Realmuto flied out to left. O'Brien struck out swinging. Anderson doubled to left, Rojas scored. Brinson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Brigham pitching for Marlins. Wieters hit ground rule double to deep left center. Difo flied out to center. Scherzer flied out to right. Eaton fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Dean struck out swinging. Sierra grounded out to shortstop. Ortega hit for Brigham. Ortega singled to right. Riddle popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Rucinski pitching for Marlins. Turner struck out swinging. Harper walked. Rendon singled to deep left, Harper to second. Soto grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rendon out at second, Harper to third. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Rojas fouled out to first. Realmuto struck out swinging. O'Brien reached on infield single to third. Anderson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Rucinski pitching for Marlins. Wieters grounded out to pitcher. Difo struck out swinging. Scherzer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Brinson struck out swinging. Dean struck out swinging. Sierra singled to center. Dietrich hit for Rucinski. Dietrich flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Kinley pitching for Marlins. Eaton doubled to deep right center. Turner grounded out to shortstop. Eaton to third on wild pitch by Kinley. Harper intentionally walked. Rendon doubled to deep right center, Eaton scored, Harper to third. Soto intentionally walked. Zimmerman singled to center, Harper and Rendon scored, Soto to third. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. Wieters singled to left center, Soto scored, Zimmerman to second. Difo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wieters out at second, Zimmerman to third. Stevenson hit for Scherzer. Stevenson walked, Difo to second. Eaton singled to center, Zimmerman and Difo scored, Stevenson to third. Turner struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Robles in center field. Stevenson in right field. Sánchez at third base. Collins pitching for Nationals. Riddle reached on infield single to shortstop. Rivera hit for Rojas. Rivera struck out swinging. Realmuto lined out to left. Williams pitching for Nationals. O'Brien homered to left (406 feet), Riddle scored. Anderson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Bostick at second base. Rivera at shortstop. Holaday catching. Galloway in left field. Meyer pitching for Marlins. Robles lined out to pitcher. Sánchez singled to center. Soto walked, Sánchez to second. Zimmerman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Soto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Brinson reached on infield single to pitcher, Brinson to second on throwing error by pitcher Cordero. Holaday fouled out to first. Sierra flied out to left. Bostick singled to left, Brinson scored. Galloway grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bostick out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Nationals 9.	Scherzer gets to 300 Ks, fans 10 in Nats' 9-4 win over Miami