Yankees - Top 1st. Santana pitching for Twins. Damon struck out looking. Jeter walked. Sheffield grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jeter out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Wright pitching for Yankees. Stewart struck out looking. Castillo singled to left. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castillo out at second. Mauer to second on wild pitch by Wright. White grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Santana pitching for Twins. Rodriguez walked. Matsui flied out to left. Posada flied out to right. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Wright pitching for Yankees. Hunter singled to left. Morneau doubled to deep center, Hunter scored. Batista singled to deep right, Morneau to third. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morneau out at home, Batista to second. Batista to third, Cuddyer to second on passed ball by Posada. Castro singled to right, Batista scored, Cuddyer to third. Stewart hit by pitch, Castro to second. Castillo reached on infield single to pitcher, Cuddyer scored, Castro to third, Stewart to second. Mauer grounded into double play, third to second to first, Castillo out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Santana pitching for Twins. Cano grounded out to shortstop. Cairo grounded out to third. Damon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Wright pitching for Yankees. White singled to right. Hunter struck out looking. Morneau flied out to left. Batista grounded into fielder's choice to third, White out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Santana pitching for Twins. Jeter singled to center. Sheffield singled to right, Jeter to second. Rodriguez flied out to right. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to first, Sheffield out at second, Jeter to third. Posada lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Wright pitching for Yankees. Cuddyer walked. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Castro singled to right, Cuddyer to third. Castro stole second. Stewart safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez, Cuddyer scored, Castro to third, Cuddyer tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. Castillo grounded out to second, Castro scored, Stewart to second. Mauer intentionally walked. White flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. Santana pitching for Twins. Phillips flied out to center. Cano singled to center. Cairo hit ground rule double to deep left, Cano to third. Damon grounded out to second, Cano scored, Cairo to third. Jeter doubled to right, Cairo scored. Sheffield flied out to center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Hunter flied out to left. Morneau flied out to left. Batista singled to center. Cuddyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Santana pitching for Twins. Rodriguez flied out to right. Matsui flied out to center. Posada doubled to deep right. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Castro fouled out to first. Stewart popped out to first. Castillo tripled to center. Mauer intentionally walked. White struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Santana pitching for Twins. Cano singled to center. Cairo popped out to shortstop. Damon doubled to right, Cano to third. Crain pitching for Twins. Jeter singled to center, Cano and Damon scored. Sheffield singled to left, Jeter to third. Rodriguez singled to left, Jeter scored, Sheffield to second. Liriano pitching for Twins. Sheffield stole third, Rodriguez stole second. Matsui grounded out to first. Matsui batting. Posada grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Hunter lined out to third. Myers pitching for Yankees. Morneau grounded out to second. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Batista flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Phillips struck out swinging. Cano grounded out to second. Cairo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Castro walked. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Stewart grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Damon walked. Rincon pitching for Twins. Damon stole second. Jeter sacrificed to pitcher, Damon to third. Jeter batting. Sheffield struck out swinging. Rodriguez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Castillo reached on infield single to pitcher. Mauer singled to left, Castillo to third, Mauer to second. White struck out swinging. Hunter struck out looking. Morneau singled to right, Castillo and Mauer scored. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 5 - Twins 6.	Twins come back to beat Rivera, Yanks