Yankees - Top 1st. Radke pitching for Twins. Damon singled to center. Jeter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Damon out at second. Sheffield grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Wang pitching for Yankees. Stewart grounded out to third. Rodriguez singled to center. Mauer flied out to left. White struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Radke pitching for Twins. Rodriguez singled to left. Giambi homered to center, Rodriguez scored. Matsui doubled to deep left. Posada flied out to center, Matsui to third. Cano singled to right, Matsui scored. Williams flied out to left. Cano caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Damon batting. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Hunter popped out to pitcher. Morneau singled to center. Batista singled to center, Morneau to second. Ford flied into double play, left to shortstop, Morneau doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Radke pitching for Twins. Damon grounded out to shortstop. Jeter grounded out to first. Sheffield singled to center. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Castro struck out swinging. Stewart grounded out to third. Rodriguez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Radke pitching for Twins. Giambi grounded out to shortstop. Matsui popped out to shortstop. Posada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Mauer singled to center. White struck out swinging. Mauer caught stealing second, catcher to second. Hunter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Radke pitching for Twins. Cano homered to left. Williams grounded out to first. Damon fouled out to third. Jeter doubled to deep center. Sheffield doubled to left, Jeter scored. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Morneau reached on infield single to shortstop. Batista grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morneau out at second. Ford singled to left, Batista to second. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Batista out at third, Ford to second. Ford to third, Castro to second on wild pitch by Wang. Stewart singled to left, Ford scored, Castro scored, Stewart to second on error by left fielder Matsui. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Radke pitching for Twins. Giambi homered to right. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. Posada flied out to right. Cano flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. White grounded out to third. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Hunter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Williams grounded out to shortstop. Damon singled to right center. Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop, Damon to second. Damon to third, Jeter to second on passed ball by Mauer. Sheffield hit sacrifice fly to center, Damon scored, Jeter to third. Rodriguez homered to left center, Jeter scored. Phillips ran for Giambi. Giambi reached on infield single to shortstop. Crosby ran for Matsui. Matsui walked, Phillips to second. Eyre pitching for Twins. Posada walked, Phillips to third, Crosby to second. Phillips at first base. Crosby in left field. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Posada out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Morneau struck out looking. Batista struck out swinging. Cuddyer in left field. Kubel in right field. Ford in center field. Punto at shortstop. Ford grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Eyre pitching for Twins. Williams grounded out to second. Damon singled to center. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Jeter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Damon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Punto fouled out to left. Cuddyer doubled to deep center. Rodriguez doubled to deep right, Cuddyer scored. Mauer walked. Myers pitching for Yankees. White struck out swinging. Kubel singled to left, Rodriguez to third, Mauer to second. Morneau struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Eyre pitching for Twins. Sheffield singled to center. Rodriguez doubled to deep right center, Sheffield to third. Phillips walked. Crosby grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sheffield out at home, Rodriguez to third, Phillips to second. Posada struck out swinging. Villone pitching for Yankees. Cano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Batista grounded out to third. Ford grounded out to pitcher. Punto singled to center. Punto to second on wild pitch by Villone. Cuddyer walked. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 9 - Twins 3.	Yanks block Twins sweep as Giambi homers twice