Orioles - Top 1st. Wang pitching for Yankees. Roberts grounded out to first. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. Mora grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Benson pitching for Orioles. Damon grounded out to shortstop. Jeter tripled to deep center. Sheffield singled to left, Jeter scored. Rodriguez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second to first, Sheffield out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Tejada grounded out to second. Gibbons grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Benson pitching for Orioles. Giambi grounded out to second. Matsui walked. Posada grounded out to second, Matsui to second. Cano fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Lopez grounded out to third. Millar doubled to deep center. Patterson grounded out to third. Roberts walked. Markakis walked, Millar to third, Roberts to second. Mora reached on infield single to shortstop, Millar and Roberts scored, Markakis to third. Tejada singled to center, Markakis scored, Mora to third. Gibbons grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Benson pitching for Orioles. Phillips popped out to second. Damon flied out to center. Jeter walked. Sheffield reached on infield single to third, Jeter to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Hernandez grounded out to third. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Millar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Benson pitching for Orioles. Giambi struck out swinging. Matsui walked. Matsui to second on wild pitch by Benson. Posada struck out swinging. Cano homered to right, Matsui scored. Phillips struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Patterson grounded out to pitcher. Roberts singled to center. Markakis grounded out to second, Roberts to second. Mora grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Benson pitching for Orioles. Damon reached on infield single to catcher, Damon to second on throwing error by catcher Hernandez. Jeter lined out to right, Damon to third. Sheffield grounded out to third. Rodriguez singled to left, Damon scored. Rodriguez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Giambi batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 6th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Tejada reached on infield single to pitcher. Gibbons singled to right, Tejada to second. Hernandez singled to deep right, Tejada to third, Gibbons to second. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Tejada out at home, Gibbons to third, Hernandez to second. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Millar singled to right, Gibbons and Hernandez scored, Lopez to third. Patterson struck out swinging. Millar to second on wild pitch by Proctor. Roberts walked. Markakis walked, Lopez scored, Millar to third, Roberts to second. Mora flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Benson pitching for Orioles. Giambi flied out to right. Matsui singled to center. Posada reached on infield single to third, Matsui to second. Rleal pitching for Orioles. Williams hit for Phillips. Cano fouled out to third. Williams walked, Matsui to third, Posada to second. Cairo at first base. Damon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Tejada lined out to right. Gibbons flied out to left. Brower pitching for Orioles. Hernandez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Brower pitching for Orioles. Jeter singled to center. Sheffield grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jeter out at second. Rodriguez lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Lopez singled to center. Millar popped out to second. Patterson flied out to right. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Roberts singled to left, Lopez to second. Gomez at first base. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Markakis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Giambi flied out to left. Matsui doubled to left. Crosby ran for Posada. Posada doubled to deep center, Matsui scored. Cano grounded out to shortstop. Stinnett catching. Cairo grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Mora struck out swinging. Myers pitching for Yankees. Tejada struck out swinging. Markakis in right field. Terrero in left field. Ray pitching for Orioles. Gibbons grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Ray pitching for Orioles. Damon popped out to second. Jeter walked. Sheffield singled to center, Jeter to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Jeter to third, Sheffield to second on fielder's indifference. Giambi walked. Matsui struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 6 - Yankees 5.	Shaky Benson good enough to beat Yankees