Yankees - Top 1st. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Damon singled to right. Jeter singled to center, Damon to second. Sheffield struck out looking. Giambi walked, Damon to third, Jeter to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Damon scored, Giambi out at second, Jeter to third. Matsui walked, Rodriguez to second. Posada walked, Jeter scored, Rodriguez to third, Matsui to second. Cano flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Matthews Jr grounded out to pitcher. Young grounded out to second. Teixeira flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Williams struck out looking. Damon flied out to right. Jeter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Nevin grounded out to shortstop. Blalock struck out looking. Mench struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Sheffield flied out to right. Giambi grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Wilkerson tripled to deep center. Barajas grounded out to third, Wilkerson scored. DeRosa lined out to right. Matthews Jr fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Matsui doubled to deep left. Posada lined out to second. Cano singled to left center, Matsui to third. Williams walked, Cano to second. Damon singled to deep left, Matsui scored, Cano to third, Williams to second. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cano scored, Williams to third, Damon safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Blalock. Sheffield popped out to shortstop. Giambi walked, Williams scored, Damon to third, Jeter to second. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez singled to center, Damon and Jeter scored, Giambi to second. Matsui flied out to left. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Young singled to center. Teixeira grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Young out at second. Nevin grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Posada grounded out to shortstop. Cano lined out to second. Williams singled to right. Damon walked, Williams to second. Jeter singled to center, Williams scored, Damon to third. Sheffield popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Blalock grounded out to first. Mench popped out to catcher. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Giambi flied out to left. Rodriguez doubled to left center. Matsui walked. Posada flied out to right. Cano lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Barajas fouled out to third. DeRosa safe at first on error by third baseman Rodriguez. Matthews Jr flied out to left. Young grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Williams grounded out to second. Damon popped out to second. Jeter lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Teixeira flied out to center. Nevin struck out swinging. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Blalock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Sheffield popped out to first. Giambi struck out looking. Rodriguez walked. Crosby in right field. Phillips at first base. Matsui popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Small pitching for Yankees. Mench singled to center. Wilkerson singled to center, Mench to third. Barajas singled to center, Mench scored, Wilkerson to third. DeRosa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wilkerson scored, Barajas out at second. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Matthews Jr singled to left, DeRosa to second. Young singled to left, DeRosa to third, Matthews Jr to second. Teixeira struck out swinging. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Nevin walked, DeRosa scored, Matthews Jr to third, Young to second. Blalock singled to right, Matthews Jr and Young scored, Nevin to second. Mench singled to left, Nevin scored, Blalock to second. Wilkerson hit by pitch, Blalock to third, Mench to second. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Barajas grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilkerson out at second. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Posada safe at first on error by shortstop Young. Cano flied out to left. Williams grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Posada out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. DeRosa grounded out to third. Matthews Jr singled to left. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matthews Jr out at second. Teixeira lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 8 - Rangers 7.	Mussina moves to 5-1 as Yanks end Rangers' streak