Yankees - Top 1st. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Cairo struck out swinging. Giambi singled to left center. Rodriguez singled to right, Giambi to third. Posada singled to center, Giambi scored, Rodriguez to second. Cano grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Granderson walked. Polanco grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Granderson out at second. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Williams grounded out to second. Phillips walked. Long struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Monroe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Cairo grounded out to second. Giambi struck out looking. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Shelton flied out to left. Thames singled to center. Inge singled to right, Thames to second. Granderson struck out looking. Polanco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Posada struck out looking. Cano grounded out to shortstop. Williams popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. Ordonez batting. Guillen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Phillips singled to left. Long walked, Phillips to second. Cabrera flied out to right, Phillips to third. Cairo popped out to second. Giambi hit by pitch, Long to second. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third, Phillips scored, Long to third, Giambi to second. Posada flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Monroe struck out swinging. Shelton struck out swinging. Thames flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Cano flied out to left. Williams grounded out to third. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Inge reached on infield single to first. Granderson singled to left, Inge to second. Polanco bunted into fielder's choice to first, Inge out at third, Granderson to second. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Polanco out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Long struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to right. Cairo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Ordonez flied out to left. Guillen grounded out to first. Monroe grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Giambi hit ground rule double to left. Rodriguez tripled to deep center, Giambi scored. Posada grounded out to third. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rodriguez scored. Williams grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Cano out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Shelton struck out swinging. Thames singled to left. Inge grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Thames out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Phillips singled to center, Phillips out stretching at second. Long struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to center. Cabrera stole second. Walker pitching for Tigers. Cairo singled to left, Cabrera scored, Cairo to second advancing on throw. Giambi doubled to deep right, Cairo scored. Rodriguez intentionally walked. Posada flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Granderson lined out to shortstop. Polanco safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez. Rodriguez lined out to second. Ordonez singled to left, Polanco scored. Guillen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Yankees 6 - Tigers 1.	Mussina loses shutout in ninth, but tosses CG vs. Tigers