Yankees - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Damon safe at first on error by third baseman Boone. Jeter singled to right, Damon to third. Giambi grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Damon scored, Jeter out at second. Rodriguez doubled to deep center. Posada grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 1st. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Sizemore doubled to deep right center. Belliard sacrificed to pitcher, Sizemore to third. Peralta homered to left center, Sizemore scored. Hafner walked. Martinez homered to right center, Hafner scored. Broussard struck out swinging. Michaels hit by pitch. Michaels to second on passed ball by Posada. Hollandsworth reached on infield single to pitcher, Michaels to third. Boone popped out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Phillips struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to second. Reese grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Sizemore walked. Belliard flied out to left. Sizemore to second on passed ball by Posada. Peralta walked. Hafner homered to left center, Sizemore and Peralta scored. Villone pitching for Yankees. Martinez doubled to deep center. Broussard struck out looking. Michaels fouled out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Green walked. Damon grounded out to second, Green to second. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Green out at third. Giambi grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Villone pitching for Yankees. Hollandsworth flied out to left. Boone fouled out to shortstop. Sizemore singled to center. Belliard fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Rodriguez singled to center. Posada singled to right, Rodriguez to second. Phillips flied out to center, Rodriguez to third. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to first, Posada out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Peralta flied out to left. Hafner popped out to second. Martinez singled to left. Broussard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Reese singled to right center. Green struck out swinging. Damon fouled out to left. Reese stole second. Beam pitching for Yankees. Jeter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Beam pitching for Yankees. Michaels grounded out to shortstop. Hollandsworth doubled to deep center. Boone struck out looking. Sizemore doubled to deep right, Hollandsworth scored. Belliard homered to left, Sizemore scored. Peralta homered to right center. Hafner doubled to deep right. Martinez singled to right, Hafner scored. Myers pitching for Yankees. Broussard singled to center, Martinez to second. Michaels walked, Martinez to third, Broussard to second. Hollandsworth singled to left, Martinez and Broussard scored, Michaels to third, Hollandsworth to second on throwing error by left fielder Cabrera. Boone singled to center, Michaels and Hollandsworth scored. Sizemore walked, Boone to second. Belliard grounded out to pitcher. 9 Runs, 9 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Giambi walked. Crosby hit for Posada. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Giambi out at second. Crosby lined out to first. Stinnett catching. Cairo at second base. Crosby in center field. Green at shortstop. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Peralta lined out to third. Hafner homered to left center. Martinez singled to center. Broussard struck out swinging. Gutierrez in center field. Vazquez at third base. Michaels grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Cabrera flied out to center. Reese walked. Green struck out swinging. Inglett hit for Hollandsworth. Cairo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Inglett grounded out to second. Vazquez walked. Gutierrez singled to right, Vazquez to third. Belliard doubled to deep left, Vazquez and Gutierrez scored. Peralta flied out to right. Gutierrez in right field. Inglett in center field. Mujica pitching for Indians. Hafner flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Mujica pitching for Indians. Stinnett singled to left. Giambi popped out to first. Rodriguez singled to right, Stinnett to second. Crosby grounded out to first, Stinnett to third, Rodriguez to second. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Phillips lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Martinez lined out to second. Broussard flied out to left. Michaels struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Mujica pitching for Indians. Cabrera singled to center. Reese flied out to center. Green fouled out to catcher. Cairo singled to right, Cabrera to second. Stinnett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 1 - Indians 19.	Indians rout Yankees on Boss' birthday