Yankees - Top 1st. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Damon singled to center. Jeter singled to right, Damon to second. Giambi flied out to center, Damon to third. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Damon out at home, Jeter to second. Williams singled to left, Jeter to third, Rodriguez to second. Phillips singled to center, Jeter and Rodriguez scored, Williams to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phillips out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Wright pitching for Yankees. Matthews Jr struck out looking. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Fasano singled to right center. Cairo flied out to center. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Fasano out at second. Jeter doubled to deep right, Damon to third. Giambi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Wright pitching for Yankees. Teixeira walked. Blalock singled to center, Teixeira to second. Mench doubled to deep center, Teixeira and Blalock scored. DeRosa grounded out to third. Wilkerson lined out to shortstop. Barajas popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Williams struck out swinging. Phillips singled to center. Cabrera reached on infield single to first, Phillips to second. Fasano flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Wright pitching for Yankees. Matthews Jr flied out to left. Kinsler struck out swinging. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Cairo grounded out to shortstop. Damon grounded out to shortstop. Jeter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Wright pitching for Yankees. Teixeira reached on infield single to first. Blalock doubled to deep center, Teixeira scored. Blalock to third on passed ball by Fasano. Mench hit sacrifice fly to center, Blalock scored. DeRosa struck out swinging. Wilkerson grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Giambi grounded out to second. Rodriguez singled to left. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Williams walked, Rodriguez to second. Phillips grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Williams out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Wright pitching for Yankees. Barajas grounded out to shortstop. Matthews Jr flied out to right. Kinsler lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Cabrera grounded out to second. Fasano flied out to center. Cairo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Wright pitching for Yankees. Young flied out to center. Villone pitching for Yankees. Teixeira singled to left. Blalock struck out swinging. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Mench lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Damon walked. Jeter struck out looking. Damon to second. Giambi struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Villone pitching for Yankees. DeRosa grounded out to third. Wilkerson struck out looking. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Barajas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez homered to center. Williams walked. Phillips singled to left, Williams to second. Cabrera doubled to deep left center, Williams and Phillips scored. Guiel hit for Cairo. Fasano sacrificed to pitcher, Cabrera to third. Cabrera scored on Cordero's wild pitch. Guiel struck out swinging. Green at second base. Guiel in right field. Beam pitching for Yankees. Damon flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Beam pitching for Yankees. Matthews Jr walked. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Kinsler hit ground rule double to deep right center, Matthews Jr to third. Young singled to center, Matthews Jr and Kinsler scored. Teixeira singled to right center, Young to third. Blalock singled to right, Young scored, Teixeira to second. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Hairston Jr ran for Mench. Mench singled to left center, Teixeira to third, Blalock to second. DeRosa struck out swinging. Hairston Jr in left field. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Wilkerson lined into double play, pitcher to first, Hairston Jr out at first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Jeter singled to center. Giambi homered to right, Jeter scored. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Green struck out looking. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Posada catching. Phillips grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Barajas popped out to second. Matthews Jr struck out looking. Guzman ran for Kinsler. Kinsler singled to center. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 8 - Rangers 7.	Giambi's blast gives Yankees sweep, wild-card lead