Yankees - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Damon flied out to left. Jeter flied out to right. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Wright pitching for Yankees. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Izturis singled to center. Guerrero singled to right, Izturis to second. Anderson struck out swinging. Rivera walked, Izturis to third, Guerrero to second. Kendrick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Giambi safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Aybar. Rodriguez struck out looking. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Giambi out at second. Posada reached on infield single to shortstop, Cano to second. Guiel flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Wright pitching for Yankees. Kennedy tripled to deep center. Molina hit ground rule double to deep right, Kennedy scored. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at third. Figgins singled to left, Aybar to second. Izturis struck out looking. Guerrero doubled to deep left center, Aybar and Figgins scored. Anderson flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Cabrera singled to left. Damon popped out to shortstop. Jeter struck out looking. Abreu singled to deep right, Cabrera to third. Giambi fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Wright pitching for Yankees. Rivera walked. Rivera caught stealing second, catcher to second. Kendrick struck out swinging. Kennedy doubled to deep center. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Cano hit ground rule double to deep left center. Cano to third on wild pitch by Lackey. Posada walked. Guiel singled to right, Cano scored, Posada to second. Cabrera grounded out to second, Posada to third, Guiel to second. Damon reached on infield single to shortstop, Posada scored, Guiel to third. Jeter hit by pitch, Damon to second. Abreu grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Wright pitching for Yankees. Aybar flied out to left. Figgins flied out to center. Izturis singled to center. Villone pitching for Yankees. Guerrero singled to deep right, Izturis to third. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Giambi singled to left. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Cano flied out to left. Posada singled to right, Giambi to second. Guiel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Rivera singled to left. Kendrick singled to right, Rivera to third. Kennedy lined out to shortstop. Molina struck out swinging. Aybar singled to center, Rivera scored, Kendrick to second. Figgins walked, Kendrick to third, Aybar to second. Izturis struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Cabrera singled to right. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Lackey. Damon walked. Jeter doubled to left, Cabrera scored, Damon to third. Abreu grounded out to first, Damon scored, Jeter to third. Giambi walked. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Cano grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Guerrero grounded out to third. Anderson flied out to center. Romero pitching for Angels. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Wilson hit for Guiel. Romero pitching for Angels. Posada lined out to first. Shields pitching for Angels. Wilson doubled to deep center. Cabrera walked. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera out at second, Wilson to third. Damon stole second. Wilson scored, Damon to third on wild pitch by Shields. Wilson at first base. Jeter struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Kendrick doubled to left. Cabrera hit for Molina. Kennedy singled to right, Kendrick to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right, Kendrick scored. Kennedy caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Napoli catching. Aybar flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Abreu popped out to shortstop. Giambi flied out to center. Rodriguez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Aybar. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Cano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Figgins struck out looking. Izturis flied out to left. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Guerrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Green ran for Posada. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Posada walked. Green caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Wilson popped out to first. Fasano catching. Myers pitching for Yankees. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Willits ran for Anderson. Dotel pitching for Yankees. Anderson doubled to deep center. Rivera singled to left, Willits to third. Kendrick intentionally walked, Rivera to second. Kennedy popped out to shortstop. Napoli hit sacrifice fly to left, Willits scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 5 - Angels 6.	Napoli's ninth-inning sac lifts Angels over Yankees