Yankees - Top 1st. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Damon struck out swinging. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Baldelli flied out to center. Young popped out to second. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez walked. Sheffield singled to right, Rodriguez to second. Cano singled to right, Rodriguez to third, Sheffield to second. Matsui hit sacrifice fly to left, Rodriguez scored. Posada flied out to center. Guiel flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Norton doubled to deep left center. Wigginton lined into double play, to second, Norton doubled off second. Witt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Damon lined out to center. Jeter singled to right. Abreu flied out to left. Jeter caught stealing second, catcher to second. Rodriguez batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Navarro popped out to third. Upton flied out to center. Zobrist grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez popped out to first. Sheffield flied out to left. Cano grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Baldelli doubled to left. Young safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Jeter. Baldelli to third on wild pitch by Mussina. Crawford reached on infield single to first, Baldelli scored, Young to second. Norton walked, Young to third, Crawford to second. Wigginton singled to center, Young and Crawford scored, Norton to second. Witt struck out swinging. Navarro grounded into fielder's choice to first, Wigginton out at second, Norton to third. Upton hit ground rule double to deep right, Norton scored, Navarro to third. Zobrist singled to shallow right, Navarro and Upton scored. Zobrist caught stealing second, catcher to second. Baldelli batting. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Matsui singled to right. Posada flied out to center. Guiel singled to right center, Matsui to second. Damon flied out to center. Jeter singled to right, Matsui scored, Guiel to second. Abreu walked, Guiel to third, Jeter to second. Rodriguez popped out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Baldelli fouled out to first. Young grounded out to third. Villone pitching for Yankees. Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop. Norton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Sheffield grounded out to third. Cano homered to left. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Matsui walked. Wilson hit for Guiel. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Cabrera hit for Wilson. Posada walked, Matsui to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Cairo at first base. Thompson in left field. Damon grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Wigginton homered to left. Witt flied out to left. Navarro singled to left. Upton walked, Navarro to second. Rasner pitching for Yankees. Zobrist reached on bunt single to pitcher, Navarro to third, Upton to second. Baldelli singled to left, Navarro and Upton scored, Zobrist to second. Zobrist to third, Baldelli to second on wild pitch by Rasner. Myers pitching for Yankees. Young grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zobrist out at home. Crawford tripled to deep right center, Baldelli and Young scored. Beam pitching for Yankees. Perez ran for Norton. Norton hit by pitch. Perez at second base. Wigginton at first base. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Wigginton struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Jeter grounded out to pitcher. Abreu singled to right. Phillips ran for Rodriguez. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. Phillips to second on wild pitch by Camp. Cannizaro at shortstop. Phillips at third base. Nieves catching. Cairo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Beam pitching for Yankees. Witt grounded out to first. Navarro flied out to right. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Upton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Cano grounded out to shortstop. Matsui singled to center. Matsui stole second. Nieves grounded out to first, Matsui to third. Thompson hit ground rule double to deep center, Matsui scored. Green at second base. Karstens pitching for Yankees. Damon flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Karstens pitching for Yankees. Zobrist lined out to center. Baldelli fouled out to first. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Cannizaro lined out to left. Abreu grounded out to first. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 4 - Devil Rays 11.	Mussina leaves with thumb bruise in Yanks' loss to Rays