Marlins - Top 1st . Harvey pitching for Mets . Gordon flied out to right . Yelich struck out swinging . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Granderson flied out to right . d'Arnaud grounded out to third . Duda grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Harvey pitching for Mets . Prado singled to shallow left center . Morse grounded out to third , Prado to second . Ozuna singled to left center , Prado to third . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Prado scored , Ozuna out at second . Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Campbell flied out to right . Murphy grounded out to pitcher . Lagares fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Harvey pitching for Mets . Koehler singled to right center . Gordon struck out swinging . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Koehler out at second . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Nieuwenhuis flied out to center . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Harvey flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Harvey pitching for Mets . Prado fouled out to catcher . Morse flied out to right . Ozuna struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Granderson singled to center . d'Arnaud singled to left center , Granderson to second . Duda walked , Granderson to third , d'Arnaud to second . Campbell struck out swinging . Murphy singled to right , Granderson scored , d'Arnaud to third , Duda to second . Lagares singled to right center , d'Arnaud scored , Duda to third , Murphy to second . Nieuwenhuis walked , Duda scored , Murphy to third , Lagares to second . Tejada doubled to deep center , Murphy , Lagares and Nieuwenhuis scored . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Harvey lined out to center . Granderson walked . d'Arnaud singled to center , Tejada scored , Granderson to second . Duda struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Harvey pitching for Mets . Realmuto flied out to right . Hechavarría flied out to center . Solano hit for Dyson . Solano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Hand pitching for Marlins . Campbell walked . Murphy grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Campbell out at second . Lagares lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Harvey pitching for Mets . Gordon singled to center . Yelich struck out swinging . Gordon to second on wild pitch by Harvey . Stanton singled to center , Gordon scored . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stanton out at second . Morse grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Hand pitching for Marlins . Nieuwenhuis flied out to center . Tejada grounded out to third . Harvey singled to left . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Harvey pitching for Mets . Ozuna singled to left . Realmuto singled to right , Ozuna to second . Hechavarría singled to right , Ozuna scored , Realmuto to third . Suzuki hit for Hand . Blevins pitching for Mets . Suzuki lined out to first . Gordon lined out to pitcher , Hechavarría to second . Torres pitching for Mets . Realmuto scored , Hechavarría to third on wild pitch by Torres . Yelich struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . d'Arnaud hit by pitch . Recker ran for d'Arnaud . Duda struck out swinging . Campbell grounded into double play , third to second to first , Recker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Recker catching . Carlyle pitching for Mets . Stanton doubled to deep right center . Prado reached on infield single to shortstop . Morse singled to center , Stanton to third , Prado to second . Ozuna hit sacrifice fly to right , Stanton scored , Prado to third . Realmuto hit sacrifice fly to center , Prado scored . Hechavarría struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Murphy grounded out to second . Lagares doubled to left . Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging . Tejada lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Familia pitching for Mets . Brignac hit for Ramos . Brignac walked . Gordon sacrificed to third , Brignac to second . Yelich grounded out to third . Stanton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - Mets 7 .	Harvey , banged - up Mets hold off Marlins 7 - 6 for 8th straight win