Marlins - Top 1st . McGowan pitching for Phillies . Gordon struck out looking . Prado struck out swinging . Stanton safe at first on error by second baseman Hernández . Stanton caught stealing second , catcher to second . Morse batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Herrera lined out to shortstop . Revere struck out looking . Asche singled to shallow left , Asche out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . McGowan pitching for Phillies . Morse walked . Ozuna singled to right , Morse to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . Hechavarría reached on infield single to shortstop , Morse to third , Ozuna to second . Phelps grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Francoeur struck out swinging . Ruf doubled to left . Hernández walked . Rupp struck out swinging . Blanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . McGowan pitching for Phillies . Gordon flied out to left . Prado flied out to left . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Phelps pitching for Marlins . McGowan struck out swinging . Herrera flied out to right . Revere lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . McGowan pitching for Phillies . Morse walked . Ozuna walked , Morse to second . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop , Morse to third , Ozuna to second . Saltalamacchia walked . Hechavarría singled to right , Morse and Ozuna scored , Saltalamacchia to third , Hechavarría to second advancing on throw . Neris pitching for Phillies . Phelps hit by pitch . Gordon struck out swinging . Prado singled to shallow left , Saltalamacchia and Hechavarría scored , Phelps to second . Stanton struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Asche flied out to left . Francoeur lined out to third . Ruf fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Morse singled to center . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morse out at second . Suzuki flied out to left . Saltalamacchia lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Hernández grounded out to second . Rupp walked . Blanco flied out to right . Sizemore hit for Neris . Sizemore popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Hechavarría walked . Phelps sacrificed to catcher , Hechavarría to second . Gordon safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Blanco . Prado doubled to right , Hechavarría and Gordon scored . Stanton homered to left ( 369 feet ) , Prado scored . Morse struck out looking . Ozuna struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Herrera struck out looking . Revere singled to shallow left . Asche flied out to left . Francoeur flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Suzuki singled to left . Saltalamacchia grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Suzuki out at second . Hechavarría reached on infield single to second . Phelps struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Ruf grounded out to shortstop . Hernández fouled out to third . Rupp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Diekman pitching for Phillies . Gordon grounded out to second . Prado singled to shallow right center . Stanton struck out swinging . Morse grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Blanco struck out swinging . Galvis hit for Diekman . Galvis singled to left . Herrera singled to shallow right , Galvis to second . Revere grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Herrera out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Gómez pitching for Phillies . Ozuna doubled to deep center . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop , Ozuna to third . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . Hechavarría singled to shallow center , Ozuna scored . Brignac hit for Dunn . Brignac flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Masset pitching for Marlins . Asche struck out swinging . Francoeur singled to left . Ruf doubled to left , Francoeur to third . Hernández hit sacrifice fly to left , Francoeur scored . Rupp singled to shallow right , Ruf to third . Blanco grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 9 - Phillies 1 .	Phelps , Hechavarria and Prado lead Marlins over Phillies 9 - 1