Nationals - Top 1st . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Desmond struck out looking . Werth flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop . Gordon caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Prado lined out to right . Stanton singled to left . Ozuna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Harper struck out looking . Zimmerman flied out to right . Ramos singled to right . Johnson singled to center , Ramos to second . Espinosa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Bour walked . Realmuto flied out to right . Suzuki grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bour out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Strasburg grounded out to pitcher . Escobar singled to right . Desmond flied out to center . Werth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Hechavarría struck out looking . Koehler struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Harper grounded out to second . Zimmerman grounded out to second . Ramos grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Prado doubled to deep right center . Stanton doubled to left , Prado scored . Ozuna lined out to right , Stanton to third . Bour singled to right , Stanton scored . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bour safe at second on error by second baseman Espinosa . Suzuki singled to left , Bour to third , Realmuto to second . Hechavarría grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 5th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Espinosa struck out looking . Strasburg flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Koehler struck out looking . Gordon struck out swinging . Prado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Escobar fouled out to first . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Werth singled to right . Harper walked , Werth to second . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Stanton walked . Ozuna singled to left , Stanton to second . Bour singled to center , Stanton scored , Ozuna to third . Realmuto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ozuna scored , Bour out at second . Suzuki grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Ramos singled to center . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramos out at second . Espinosa flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Hechavarría struck out swinging . Koehler grounded out to first . Gordon walked . Prado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Robinson hit for Treinen . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Robinson grounded out to second . Escobar singled to right . Morris pitching for Marlins . Desmond struck out swinging . Werth singled to right , Escobar to second . Harper struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Martin pitching for Nationals . Stanton homered to left center ( 419 feet ) . Ozuna flied out to center . Bour grounded out to second . Realmuto singled to right . Suzuki singled to right , Realmuto to second . Hechavarría homered to left ( 393 feet ) , Realmuto and Suzuki scored . Brignac hit for Morris . Brignac walked . Gordon struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman struck out looking . Ramos grounded out to second . Johnson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 0 - Marlins 8 .	Koehler , Marlins win 4th in a row , beat Nationals 8 - 0