Marlins - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Gordon lined out to center . Prado singled to right . Stanton safe at first on error by left fielder Werth , Prado to second . Ozuna singled to center , Prado scored , Stanton to second . Bour flied out to center . Realmuto lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Span grounded out to third . Escobar singled to center . Werth singled to left , Escobar to second . Harper walked , Escobar to third , Werth to second . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to right , Escobar scored . Ramos reached on infield single to shortstop , Werth to third , Harper to second . Desmond struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Suzuki singled to right . Suzuki caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher . Hechavarría struck out swinging . Phelps struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Espinosa flied out to left . Zimmermann struck out swinging . Span grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Gordon popped out to shortstop . Prado grounded out to second . Stanton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Escobar singled to left . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at second . Harper walked , Werth to second . Zimmerman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Ozuna grounded out to third . Bour grounded out to shortstop . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Ramos struck out swinging . Desmond struck out looking . Espinosa flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Hechavarría singled to right center . Phelps sacrificed to first , Hechavarría to second . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Zimmermann lined out to left . Span singled to center . Escobar singled to right , Span to second . Werth popped out to shortstop . Harper grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Prado lined out to center . Stanton flied out to center . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Ramos lined out to center . Desmond popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Bour homered to left ( 370 feet ) . Realmuto lined out to right . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Hechavarría singled to right . Phelps struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Espinosa grounded out to second . Robinson hit for Zimmermann . Robinson walked . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Taylor ran for Robinson . Span lined out to left . Escobar singled to right , Taylor to third . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Werth singled to center , Taylor scored , Escobar to second . Harper popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Gordon walked . Prado struck out swinging , Gordon stole second . Stanton intentionally walked . Ozuna struck out swinging . Grace pitching for Nationals . Baker hit for Bour . Baker singled to right , Gordon scored , Baker to second , Stanton to second , Stanton to third advancing on throw . Realmuto intentionally walked . Suzuki reached on infield single to second , Stanton scored , Baker to third , Realmuto to second . Hechavarría struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Baker at first base . Morris pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman walked . Ramos popped out to first . Desmond homered to center ( 439 feet ) , Zimmerman scored . Espinosa struck out swinging . Moore hit for Grace . Moore singled to center . Span doubled to right , Moore to third . Escobar singled to right , Moore and Span scored . Werth grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Brignac hit for Morris . Brignac struck out swinging . Gordon singled to center . Prado popped out to shortstop . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 4 - Nationals 6 .	Nationals rally past Marlins 6 - 4