Orioles - Top 1st . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Machado popped out to first . Paredes singled to right . Jones grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Paredes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Gordon singled to center . Ozuna fouled out to catcher . Gordon stole second . Gordon stole third . Stanton singled to left , Gordon scored . Prado singled to center , Stanton to second . Bour struck out looking . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Prado out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Davis grounded out to second . Snider struck out swinging . Hardy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Suzuki singled to left center . Hechavarría singled to center , Suzuki to third . Álvarez singled to right , Suzuki scored , Hechavarría to second . Gordon grounded out to first , Hechavarría to third , Álvarez to second . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hechavarría scored , Álvarez to third . Stanton struck out swinging . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ozuna out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . De Aza grounded out to second . Joseph grounded out to third . Jiménez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Bour lined out to left . Realmuto grounded out to third . Suzuki walked . Hechavarría singled to center , Suzuki to second . Álvarez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Machado singled to right . Paredes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Machado out at second . Jones singled to left , Paredes to second . Davis flied out to center , Paredes to third . Snider walked , Jones to second . Hardy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Gordon struck out swinging , Gordon safe at first on wild pitch by Jiménez . Gordon stole second . Ozuna popped out to first . Stanton struck out swinging . Prado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . De Aza singled to left center . Joseph singled to right , De Aza to second . Young hit for Jiménez . Young doubled to deep center , De Aza scored , Joseph to third . Machado grounded out to shortstop , Joseph scored . Paredes struck out looking . Jones lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Bour grounded out to first . Realmuto flied out to center . Suzuki struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Davis walked . Snider walked , Davis to second . Hardy sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Davis to third , Snider to second , Hardy to first , Davis scored , Snider to third , Hardy to second on throwing error by pitcher Álvarez . De Aza intentionally walked . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Joseph singled to center , Snider and Hardy scored , De Aza to second . Wilson sacrificed to pitcher , De Aza to third , Joseph to second . Machado struck out swinging . Paredes reached on infield single to pitcher , De Aza scored , Joseph to third . Morris pitching for Marlins . Jones grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Hechavarría singled to right . Morse hit for Morris . Morse doubled to right , Hechavarría scored . Gordon singled to right , Morse to third . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Gordon stole second . Ozuna struck out swinging . Stanton popped out to first . Prado grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Hand pitching for Marlins . Davis lined out to left . Snider struck out swinging . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Bour singled to right center . Realmuto grounded out to pitcher , Bour to second . Bour to third on passed ball by Joseph . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bour out at home . Hechavarría flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Hand pitching for Marlins . De Aza walked . Joseph singled to right center , De Aza to third . Pearce hit for Hunter . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Pearce grounded into fielder 's choice to third , De Aza out at home , Joseph to second . Machado doubled to left , Joseph and Pearce scored . Paredes singled to center , Machado to third . Jones grounded out to third , Paredes to second . Davis walked . Snider struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Brach pitching for Orioles . Lough in left field . Yelich hit for Dyson . Yelich grounded out to shortstop . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna singled to right . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ozuna out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Hardy popped out to second . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Hardy popped out to second . De Aza struck out looking . Joseph walked . Pearce grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Brach pitching for Orioles . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Bour homered to left center ( 404 feet ) . Realmuto popped out to second . Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher , Suzuki to second on throwing error by pitcher Brach . Britton pitching for Orioles . Hechavarría grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Orioles 8 - Marlins 5 .	Slumping Marlins lose to Orioles 8 - 5