Marlins - Top 1st . Butler pitching for Rockies . Gordon struck out swinging . Prado grounded out to third . Stanton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu walked . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , LeMahieu out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Butler pitching for Rockies . Bour grounded out to second . Ozuna reached on infield single to second . Yelich singled to right , Ozuna to third . Realmuto singled to right , Ozuna scored , Yelich to second . Hechavarría walked , Yelich to third , Realmuto to second . Koehler grounded out to third , Yelich scored , Realmuto to third , Hechavarría to second . Gordon grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . González struck out swinging . Arenado popped out to shortstop . Paulsen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Butler pitching for Rockies . Prado lined out to right . Stanton homered to center ( 484 feet ) . Bour walked . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bour out at second . Yelich grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Hundley lined out to shortstop . Barnes lined out to center . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Butler pitching for Rockies . Realmuto singled to left . Hechavarría struck out swinging . Koehler sacrificed to first , Realmuto to second . Gordon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Tulowitzki singled to center . González singled to right center , Tulowitzki to third . Arenado fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Butler pitching for Rockies . Prado singled to center . Stanton singled to center , Prado to second . Bour singled to right , Prado to third , Stanton to second . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Prado scored , Bour out at second , Stanton to third . Yelich grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ozuna out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Paulsen grounded out to second . Hundley singled to center . Barnes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hundley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Butler pitching for Rockies . Realmuto tripled to deep right . Hechavarría singled to right , Realmuto scored . Koehler sacrificed to pitcher , Hechavarría to second . Gordon doubled to left , Hechavarría scored . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Prado grounded out to pitcher . Stanton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Descalso hit for Kahnle . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Descalso struck out looking . Blackmon reached on infield single to second . Blackmon stole second . LeMahieu flied out to center , Blackmon to third . Tulowitzki singled to left center , Blackmon scored . González struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Bour flied out to center . Ozuna flied out to left . Yelich grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Arenado struck out swinging . Paulsen singled to right . Hundley struck out swinging . Barnes singled to right , Paulsen to second . Rosario hit for Bergman . Rosario reached on infield single to shortstop , Paulsen to third , Barnes to second . Blackmon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Brown pitching for Rockies . Realmuto reached on infield single to second . Hechavarría lined out to center . Suzuki hit for Koehler . Suzuki grounded out to third , Realmuto to second . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Mazzaro pitching for Marlins . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to third , Tulowitzki to second on throwing error by third baseman Prado . González singled to right center , Tulowitzki to third . Arenado hit sacrifice fly to right , Tulowitzki scored . Paulsen grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 9th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Prado struck out swinging . Stanton struck out swinging . Bour lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Mazzaro pitching for Marlins . Hundley singled to right . Barnes singled to center , Hundley to second . McKenry hit for Friedrich . Ramos pitching for Marlins . McKenry struck out swinging . Blackmon popped out to shortstop . LeMahieu lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - Rockies 2 .	Stanton 's long HR helps Marlins beat Rockies 6 - 2 in rain