Yankees - Top 1st . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Gardner flied out to right . Gregorius struck out looking . Teixeira grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Gordon grounded out to third . Dietrich singled to left . Yelich reached on infield single to shortstop , Dietrich to second . Stanton reached on infield single to third , Dietrich to third , Yelich to second . Ozuna singled to right , Dietrich and Yelich scored , Stanton to second . Bour singled to right , Stanton scored , Ozuna to third . Realmuto singled to right , Ozuna scored , Bour to second . Hechavarría tripled to deep left center , Bour and Realmuto scored . Phelps grounded out to shortstop . Gordon singled to right , Hechavarría scored . Dietrich doubled to deep right center , Gordon scored . Capuano pitching for Yankees . Yelich grounded out to second . 8 Runs , 9 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Phelps pitching for Marlins . McCann singled to right . Headley grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , McCann out at second . Beltrán grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Capuano pitching for Yankees . Stanton grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna hit by pitch . Bour struck out swinging . Realmuto flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Young grounded out to shortstop . Ryan safe at first on error by third baseman Dietrich . Capuano bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Ryan out at second , Capuano to second on throwing error by shortstop Hechavarría . Capuano to third on passed ball by Realmuto . Gardner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Capuano pitching for Yankees . Hechavarría singled to left . Phelps sacrificed to catcher , Hechavarría to second . Gordon singled to center , Hechavarría to third . Dietrich walked , Gordon to second . Yelich struck out swinging . Stanton popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Gregorius grounded out to first . Teixeira flied out to right . McCann flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Capuano pitching for Yankees . Ozuna singled to center . Bour grounded out to second , Ozuna to second . Realmuto lined out to left . Hechavarría struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Headley flied out to center . Beltrán doubled to right . Young flied out to left . Ryan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Capuano pitching for Yankees . Phelps struck out swinging . Gordon singled to center . Dietrich struck out swinging . Yelich walked , Gordon to second . Martin pitching for Yankees . Jones in left field . Stanton homered to right center ( 387 feet ) , Gordon and Yelich scored . Ozuna grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Jones grounded out to second . Gardner struck out looking . Gregorius singled to right center . Teixeira walked , Gregorius to second . McCann singled to right , Gregorius scored , Teixeira to second . Headley flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Williams in center field . Murphy catching . McCann at first base . Martin pitching for Yankees . Bour grounded out to third . Realmuto flied out to right . Hechavarría grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Beltrán struck out looking . Drew hit for Martin . Drew walked . Ryan struck out looking . Jones singled to left center , Drew to third . Williams doubled to left , Drew scored , Jones to third . Gregorius grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Ramírez pitching for Yankees . Drew at second base . Ryan at shortstop . Solano hit for Phelps . Solano lined out to left . Gordon grounded out to second . Dietrich flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Suzuki in right field . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Solano at shortstop . Murphy singled to center . McCann grounded out to second , Murphy to second . Headley grounded out to pitcher , Murphy to third . Beltrán struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Ramirez pitching for Yankees . Yelich singled to right . Suzuki walked , Yelich to second . Ozuna flied out to left . Yelich to third , Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Ramírez . Bour struck out swinging . Realmuto singled to center , Yelich scored , Suzuki to third . Baker hit for Cishek . Realmuto to second on wild pitch by Ramírez . Baker struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Drew grounded out to second . Ryan grounded out to shortstop . Jones lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 2 - Marlins 12 .	Marlins score franchise - high 8 in 1st and beat Yankees 12 - 2