Marlins - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Gordon bunt grounded out to first . Yelich flied out to left . Hechavarría grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Betts flied out to center . Holt singled to right . Holt to second on wild pitch by Koehler . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Bour singled to right center . Morse grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bour out at second . Dietrich singled to center , Morse to second . Realmuto grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dietrich out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Ramírez lined out to center . Sandoval flied out to center . Victorino lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Gillespie grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki struck out looking . Gordon singled to center . Gordon stole second . Yelich walked . Hechavarría grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . De Aza grounded out to second . Hanigan walked . Betts safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Koehler , Hanigan to third . Holt grounded out to second , Hanigan scored , Betts to third . Bogaerts reached on infield single to shortstop , Betts scored . Ortiz homered to left ( 347 feet ) , Bogaerts scored . Ramírez flied out to right . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 4th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Bour grounded out to second . Morse singled to right . Dietrich singled to center , Morse to second . Realmuto singled to right center , Morse scored , Dietrich to third . Gillespie singled to center , Dietrich scored , Realmuto to second . Suzuki singled to center , Realmuto to third , Gillespie to second . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Realmuto out at home , Gillespie to third , Suzuki to second . Yelich grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Sandoval grounded out to shortstop . Victorino grounded out to pitcher . De Aza flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Hechavarría struck out swinging . Bour grounded out to shortstop . Morse grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Hanigan walked . Betts grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hanigan out at second . Holt flied out to right . Bogaerts lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Dietrich grounded out to pitcher . Realmuto struck out swinging . Gillespie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Ortiz hit ground rule double to deep center . Ramírez singled to center , Ortiz to third . Sandoval grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ortiz scored , Ramírez out at second . Victorino popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Ross Jr. pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Gordon struck out swinging . Yelich lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . De Aza safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Dyson . Hanigan grounded out to second , De Aza to second . Betts struck out swinging , De Aza stole third , De Aza scored on throwing error by catcher Realmuto . Holt grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Hechavarría lined out to center . Bour flied out to center . Morse homered to right center ( 425 feet ) . Dietrich singled to center . Realmuto popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Bogaerts grounded out to third . Ortiz grounded out to second . Ramírez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Shaw at first base . Uehara pitching for Red Sox . Valdespín hit for Gillespie . Valdespín grounded out to second . Suzuki flied out to center . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 3 - Red Sox 6 .	Porcello ends 7 - game skid ; Red Sox beat Marlins 6 - 3