Marlins - Top 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Gordon bunt grounded out to pitcher . Dietrich grounded out to first . Yelich lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Peterson struck out swinging . Castro flied out to right . Markakis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Bour flied out to right . Prado popped out to second . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . Terdoslavich lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Hechavarría grounded out to first . Mathis singled to center . Fernández sacrificed to first , Mathis to second . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . García lined out to right . Cunningham popped out to shortstop . Teherán struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Dietrich walked . Yelich singled to right , Dietrich to second . Bour lined out to first . Prado flied out to right , Dietrich to third . Suzuki fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Peterson struck out looking . Castro walked . Markakis singled to center , Castro to third . Pierzynski singled to left , Castro scored , Markakis to second . Maybin singled to right , Markakis to third , Pierzynski to second . Terdoslavich singled to center , Markakis scored , Pierzynski to third , Maybin to second . García struck out swinging . Cunningham flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Hechavarría reached on infield single to shortstop . Mathis flied out to center . Fernández sacrificed to first , Hechavarría to second . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Teherán struck out looking . Peterson grounded out to second . Castro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Dietrich struck out swinging . Yelich struck out looking . Bour grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Flores pitching for Marlins . McGehee at first base . Markakis singled to center . Pierzynski lined out to center . Maybin singled to left , Markakis to third . Maybin caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Terdoslavich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Prado singled to center . Suzuki singled to left , Prado to second . Hechavarría tripled to deep right center , Prado and Suzuki scored . Mathis grounded out to third . McGehee struck out swinging . Detwiler pitching for Braves . Gordon reached on infield single to first , Hechavarría scored . Gordon caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Dietrich batting . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Flores pitching for Marlins . García grounded out to shortstop . Cunningham reached on infield single to shortstop , Cunningham to second on throwing error by shortstop Hechavarría . Ciriaco hit for Detwiler . Ciriaco safe at first on error by shortstop Hechavarría . Peterson walked , Cunningham to third , Ciriaco to second . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cunningham scored , Ciriaco to third , Peterson to second . Markakis singled to center , Ciriaco and Peterson scored , Castro to third . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop , Castro scored , Markakis to second . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Marksberry pitching for Braves . Dietrich lined out to second . Yelich flied out to center . Realmuto hit for Dunn . Aardsma pitching for Braves . Realmuto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Terdoslavich struck out swinging . García grounded out to third . Cunningham lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Vizcaíno pitching for Braves . Prado singled to right . Suzuki flied out to left . Hechavarría struck out swinging . Gillespie hit for Mathis . Prado to second on fielder 's indifference . Gillespie walked . McGehee flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 3 - Braves 6 .	Markakis leads Braves to 6 - 3 win over Marlins