Marlins - Top 1st . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Gordon struck out swinging . Prado hit by pitch . Yelich fouled out to left . McGehee doubled to deep right , Prado to third . Dietrich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Bourn struck out swinging . Maybin hit ground rule double to deep right . Markakis grounded out to first , Maybin to third . Pierzynski singled to center , Maybin scored . Swisher struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Realmuto reached on infield single to second . Gillespie doubled to deep right , Realmuto scored , Gillespie to third on throwing error by second baseman Peterson . Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop . Koehler struck out looking . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Peterson walked . García singled to left , Peterson to third . Simmons hit sacrifice fly to right , Peterson scored . Foltynewicz struck out bunting foul . Bourn grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Prado grounded out to third . Yelich grounded out to shortstop . McGehee walked . Dietrich walked , McGehee to second . Realmuto walked , McGehee to third , Dietrich to second . Gillespie reached on infield single to third , McGehee scored , Dietrich to third , Realmuto to second . Hechavarría popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Maybin grounded out to third . Markakis singled to center . Pierzynski grounded out to first , Markakis to second . Swisher walked . Peterson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Koehler grounded out to second . Gordon fouled out to left . Prado lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . García flied out to right . Simmons flied out to center . Foltynewicz lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Yelich grounded out to pitcher . McGehee grounded out to third . Dietrich flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Bourn flied out to left . Maybin doubled to center . Markakis singled to left , Maybin scored . Pierzynski grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Markakis out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Realmuto grounded out to third . Gillespie flied out to left . Hechavarría singled to right . Koehler walked , Hechavarría to second . Detwiler pitching for Braves . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Koehler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Swisher grounded out to second . Peterson grounded out to third . García singled to center . Simmons walked , García to second . Terdoslavich hit for Detwiler . Terdoslavich grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . McKirahan pitching for Braves . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Yelich singled to center . McGehee lined into double play , to first , Yelich doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Bourn lined out to left . Maybin struck out swinging . Markakis singled to center . Pierzynski singled to right , Markakis to second . Swisher doubled to deep left , Markakis and Pierzynski scored . Peterson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . McKirahan pitching for Braves . Dietrich struck out swinging . Realmuto grounded out to second . Gillespie popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Ellington pitching for Marlins . García doubled to deep left . Simmons doubled to right , García scored . Gomes hit for McKirahan . Simmons stole third . Gomes reached on infield single to shortstop , Simmons scored . Bourn singled to center , Gomes to second . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bourn out at second , Gomes to third . Narveson pitching for Marlins . Suzuki in right field . Markakis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Maybin out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Aardsma pitching for Braves . Hechavarría walked . Suzuki flied out to left . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hechavarría out at second . Prado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 2 - Braves 7 .	Markakis gets 3 hits , hitting streak to 15 games in 7 - 2 win