Marlins - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Gordon reached on infield single to third . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gordon out at second . Yelich doubled to deep left center , Suzuki scored . Bour singled to right center , Yelich scored . Ozuna flied out to right . Dietrich grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Hand pitching for Marlins . Rendon lined out to left . Escobar singled to center . Harper grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Realmuto singled to center . Rojas grounded out to second , Realmuto to second . Hand grounded out to third , Realmuto to third . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Hand pitching for Marlins . Werth flied out to center . Desmond flied out to right . Taylor singled to center . Ramos walked , Taylor to second . Moore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Suzuki struck out swinging . Yelich grounded out to shortstop . Bour singled to center . Ozuna popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Hand pitching for Marlins . Zimmermann lined out to right . Rendon walked . Escobar lined out to right . Harper flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Dietrich hit by pitch . Realmuto lined out to left . Rojas singled to right , Dietrich to second . Hand sacrificed to pitcher , Dietrich to third , Rojas to second . Gordon walked . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Hand pitching for Marlins . Werth struck out swinging . Desmond flied out to right . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Yelich lined out to first . Bour struck out swinging . Ozuna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Hand pitching for Marlins . Ramos struck out swinging . Moore homered to center ( 406 feet ) . Zimmermann singled to center . Rendon walked , Zimmermann to second . Escobar walked , Zimmermann to third , Rendon to second . Harper hit sacrifice fly to right , Zimmermann scored . Werth walked , Rendon to third , Escobar to second . Desmond walked , Rendon scored , Escobar to third , Werth to second . Rienzo pitching for Marlins . Taylor flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Dietrich struck out looking . Realmuto struck out swinging . Rojas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Rienzo pitching for Marlins . Ramos grounded out to third . Moore doubled to deep left . den Dekker hit for Zimmermann . den Dekker grounded out to first , Moore to third . Rendon lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Rivero pitching for Nationals . Gillespie hit for Rienzo . Gillespie grounded out to pitcher . Gordon flied out to center . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Escobar walked . Harper homered to right ( 390 feet ) , Escobar scored . Werth walked . Desmond flied out to center . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Werth out at second . Ramos lined out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Solis pitching for Nationals . Yelich singled to center . Bour singled to center , Yelich to second . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Ozuna grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bour out at second , Yelich to third . Dietrich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . McGough pitching for Marlins . Moore lined out to center . Robinson hit for Treinen . Robinson grounded out to pitcher . Rendon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Nationals . Realmuto reached on infield single to second . Rojas singled to right center , Realmuto to second . McGehee hit for McGough . McGehee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rojas out at second , Realmuto to third . Gordon grounded into double play , shortstop to first , McGehee out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 2 - Nationals 5 .	Bryce Harper 's sac fly , 41st HR help Nats beat Marlins 5 - 2