Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Claussen pitching for Reds. Counsell flied out to center. Clayton struck out looking. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez flied out to center. Aurilia struck out looking. Griffey Jr doubled to left. Dunn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Claussen pitching for Reds. Glaus popped out to shortstop. Green popped out to first. Jackson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks. Casey walked. Kearns grounded out to pitcher, Casey to second. LaRue walked. Encarnacion popped out to shortstop. Claussen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Claussen pitching for Reds. Terrero struck out swinging. Snyder fouled out to catcher. Ortiz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez tripled to deep center. Aurilia hit sacrifice fly to right, Lopez scored. Griffey Jr singled to right. Dunn singled to center, Griffey Jr to third, Dunn to second advancing on throw. Casey flied out to center. Kearns homered to center, Griffey Jr and Dunn scored. LaRue doubled to deep left. Encarnacion intentionally walked. Claussen walked, LaRue to third, Encarnacion to second. Lopez walked, LaRue scored, Encarnacion to third, Claussen to second. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Aurilia singled to left, Encarnacion scored, Claussen to third, Lopez to second. Griffey Jr fouled out to third. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Claussen pitching for Reds. Counsell singled to left. Clayton singled to left center, Counsell to second. Gonzalez flied out to center. Glaus struck out swinging. Green walked, Counsell to third, Clayton to second. Jackson walked, Counsell scored, Clayton to third, Green to second. Terrero singled to center, Clayton and Green scored, Jackson to second. Snyder flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Dunn walked. Casey singled to left, Dunn to second. Kearns walked, Dunn to third, Casey to second. LaRue singled to right, Dunn scored, Casey to third, Kearns to second. Encarnacion singled to center, Casey and Kearns scored, LaRue to second. Claussen sacrificed to first, LaRue to third, Encarnacion to second. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez homered to center, LaRue and Encarnacion scored. Aurilia doubled to deep right. Griffey Jr walked. Dunn hit by pitch, Aurilia to third, Griffey Jr to second. Casey grounded into fielder's choice to first, Aurilia scored, Dunn out at second, Griffey Jr to third. Kearns homered to right, Griffey Jr and Casey scored. LaRue walked. Encarnacion grounded out to second. 10 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Claussen pitching for Reds. Cormier struck out swinging. Counsell struck out swinging. Clayton doubled to deep center. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Claussen struck out swinging. Lopez struck out looking. Pena in center field. Aurilia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Claussen pitching for Reds. Glaus walked. Green fouled out to third. Glaus to second on fielder's indifference. Jackson popped out to first. McCracken in left field. Cintron at third base. Terrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Pena homered to right. Dunn hit by pitch. Casey struck out swinging. Cruz in left field. Holbert at first base. Kearns grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dunn out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Clark hit for Cormier. Claussen pitching for Reds. Snyder flied out to right. Clark flied out to right. Keisler pitching for Reds. Counsell walked. Clayton singled to center, Counsell to second. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. LaRue grounded out to shortstop. Encarnacion doubled to deep left. Keisler flied out to left. Olmedo at second base. Lopez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Keisler pitching for Reds. Cintron flied out to right. Green hit by pitch. Jackson fouled out to first. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Terrero lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Olmedo lined out to second. Pena lined out to center. Cruz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Stinnett hit for Lyon. Keisler pitching for Reds. Snyder grounded out to shortstop. Stinnett struck out swinging. Counsell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Reds 17.	Kearns powers Reds rout in 17-3 spanking of D-Backs