Giants - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Lewis struck out looking. Durham grounded out to shortstop. Winn doubled to deep left. Molina doubled to deep left center, Winn scored. Rowand singled to right, Molina scored. Bowker struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Podsednik singled to left. Podsednik stole second. Barmes struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to second, Podsednik to third. Helton walked. Atkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Aurilia homered to right center. Vizquel grounded out to first. Lincecum struck out swinging. Lewis grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Hawpe lined out to left. Torrealba struck out swinging. Quintanilla singled to center. Quintanilla to second on wild pitch by Lincecum. Cook singled to right, Quintanilla scored. Podsednik walked, Cook to second. Barmes grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Durham singled to center. Winn grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Durham out at second. Molina singled to center. Rowand grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Holliday walked. Helton walked, Holliday to second. Atkins lined out to right, Holliday to third. Hawpe grounded out to first, Holliday scored, Helton to second. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Bowker singled to center, Bowker to second on error by center fielder Podsednik. Aurilia grounded out to second, Bowker to third. Vizquel sacrificed to pitcher, Bowker scored. Lincecum reached on infield single to shortstop. Lewis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lincecum out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Quintanilla singled to left. Cook sacrificed to pitcher, Quintanilla to second. Podsednik grounded out to second, Quintanilla to third. Quintanilla scored on Lincecum's wild pitch. Barmes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Durham singled to right. Winn grounded out to second, Durham to second. Molina hit by pitch. Rowand grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Holliday grounded out to second. Helton singled to left. Atkins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Bowker flied out to left. Aurilia singled to center. Vizquel popped out to third. Lincecum grounded into fielder's choice to second, Aurilia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Hawpe grounded out to first. Torrealba struck out looking. Quintanilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Lewis grounded out to first. Durham grounded out to first. Winn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Yabu pitching for Giants. Herrera hit for Cook. Herrera grounded out to pitcher. Podsednik grounded out to third. Barmes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Spilborghs in right field. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Molina struck out swinging. Rowand lined out to shortstop. Bowker walked. Aurilia singled to right, Bowker to third. Vizquel grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Walker pitching for Giants. Aurilia at first base. Castillo at third base. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Helton singled to center. Atkins flied out to left. Spilborghs singled to left, Helton to second. Torrealba grounded into fielder's choice to third, Spilborghs out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Arias pitching for Rockies. Castillo struck out swinging. Lewis homered to center. Durham grounded out to shortstop. Winn walked. Winn stole second. Molina reached on infield single to shortstop, Winn to third. Rowand singled to left, Winn scored, Molina to second. Newman pitching for Rockies. Ortmeier hit for Walker. Ortmeier grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Wilson pitching for Giants. Quintanilla grounded out to shortstop. Baker hit for Newman. Baker struck out swinging. Podsednik singled to center. Podsednik to second on fielder's indifference. Barmes homered to left, Podsednik scored. Holliday doubled to deep right. Helton intentionally walked. Taveras ran for Helton. Atkins struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 6 - Rockies 5.	Giants hold off Rockies' ninth-inning surge for win