Tigers - Top 1st. Zito pitching for Giants. Renteria popped out to shortstop. Polanco singled to right. Guillen walked, Polanco to second. Ordonez singled to center, Polanco scored, Guillen to third. Cabrera singled to center, Guillen scored, Ordonez to second. Thames walked, Ordonez to third, Cabrera to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Granderson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Lewis batting. Winn walked. Molina singled to left, Winn to second. Rowand flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Zito pitching for Giants. Galarraga walked. Renteria walked, Galarraga to second. Polanco doubled to left, Galarraga scored, Renteria to third. Guillen doubled to left, Renteria and Polanco scored. Ordonez lined out to center. Cabrera lined out to center. Thames struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Bowker flied out to center. Denker doubled to left. Vizquel safe at first on error by first baseman Cabrera, Denker to third. Horwitz hit for Zito. Horwitz struck out swinging, Denker scored, Vizquel to second on wild pitch by Galarraga. Lewis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Sadler pitching for Giants. Granderson flied out to center. Galarraga sacrificed to first, Rodriguez to second. Renteria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Castillo flied out to center. Winn singled to center. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Winn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Sadler pitching for Giants. Polanco singled to shallow right. Guillen singled to shallow right, Polanco to second. Ordonez flied out to right. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Guillen out at second, Polanco to third, Polanco scored on throwing error by second baseman Denker. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 4th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Rowand grounded out to third. Bowker doubled to right. Denker grounded out to pitcher, Bowker to third. Vizquel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Hinshaw pitching for Giants. Burriss at shortstop. Rodriguez flied out to right. Granderson doubled to right. Galarraga walked. Renteria flied out to center. Polanco singled to left, Granderson scored, Galarraga to second. Guillen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Burriss walked. Lewis singled to left, Burriss to second. Castillo struck out swinging. Winn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lewis out at second, Burriss to third. Molina hit by pitch, Winn to second. Rowand struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Hinshaw pitching for Giants. Ordonez flied out to center. Cabrera walked. Thames flied out to right. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Clevlen in left field. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Bowker grounded out to third. Denker grounded out to second. Holm hit for Hinshaw. Holm doubled to right. Burriss reached on infield single to third, Holm to third, Holm scored on throwing error by third baseman Guillen. Lewis struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 7th. Taschner pitching for Giants. Granderson grounded out to second. Hollimon hit for Galarraga. Hollimon safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Castillo. Renteria lined out to left. Polanco walked. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Polanco out at second, Hollimon to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 7th. Raburn in right field. Dolsi pitching for Tigers. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Winn grounded out to first. Molina singled to right center. Rowand grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Yabu pitching for Giants. Raburn grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera popped out to second. Clevlen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Dolsi pitching for Tigers. Bowker flied out to right. Denker walked. Durham hit for Yabu. Durham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Denker out at second. Burriss walked, Durham to second. Lewis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Chulk pitching for Giants. Rodriguez popped out to third. Granderson grounded out to second. Dolsi struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Winn grounded out to second. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 7 - Giants 2.	Polanco helps Tigers rough up Zito, beat Giants