Rockies - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Barmes singled to left. Barmes stole second. Tulowitzki popped out to second. Holliday hit by pitch. Barmes stole third, Holliday stole second. Atkins struck out swinging. Iannetta doubled to left, Barmes and Holliday scored. Spilborghs singled to right, Iannetta scored. Baker struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Rockies. Winn flied out to left. Velez doubled to left. Sandoval singled to center, Velez scored. Molina fouled out to right. Schierholtz doubled to deep left center, Sandoval thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Fowler grounded out to second. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Barmes homered to left center. Tulowitzki flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Rockies. Rowand lined out to third. Bowker doubled to deep right center. Vizquel singled to right, Bowker to third. Sanchez grounded out to third, Bowker scored, Vizquel to second. Winn walked. Velez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Holliday popped out to second. Atkins singled to shallow left center. Iannetta struck out swinging. Spilborghs flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Rockies. Sandoval flied out to left. Molina flied out to right. Schierholtz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Baker walked. Fowler singled to left, Baker to second. Hernandez sacrificed to pitcher, Baker to third, Fowler to second. Barmes doubled to left, Baker and Fowler scored. Matos pitching for Giants. Tulowitzki singled to center. Holliday doubled to deep left center, Barmes and Tulowitzki scored. Atkins flied out to left. Iannetta struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Rockies. Rowand singled to center. Bowker grounded out to pitcher, Rowand to second. Vizquel singled to right, Rowand to third. McClain hit for Matos. McClain popped out to shortstop. Winn grounded into fielder's choice to second, Vizquel out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Correia pitching for Giants. Spilborghs walked. Baker singled to left, Spilborghs to second. Fowler flied out to left. Hernandez reached on bunt single to catcher, Spilborghs to third, Baker to second. Barmes singled to left, Spilborghs scored, Baker to third, Hernandez to second. Tulowitzki singled to center, Baker scored, Hernandez to third, Barmes to second. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hernandez scored, Tulowitzki out at second, Barmes to third. Atkins homered to center, Barmes and Holliday scored. Iannetta flied out to center. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Rockies. Velez hit ground rule double to deep left center. Sandoval flied out to center. Molina singled to center, Velez scored. Schierholtz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Molina out at second. Rowand struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Rohlinger at third base. Sandoval at first base. Holm catching. Bowker in left field. Correia pitching for Giants. Spilborghs flied out to right. Baker homered to center. Fowler flied out to center. Hernandez singled to shallow right. Barmes walked, Hernandez to second. Tulowitzki struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Podsednik in left field. Bellorin catching. Hernandez pitching for Rockies. Bowker homered to right. Vizquel grounded out to shortstop. Gillaspie hit for Correia. Gillaspie walked. Rohlinger grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gillaspie out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Rohlinger at second base. Velez in center field. Ochoa at shortstop. Sadler pitching for Giants. Gillaspie at third base. Podsednik lined out to shortstop. Atkins struck out looking. Bellorin singled to center. Bellorin to second on wild pitch by Sadler. Spilborghs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Barmes at shortstop. Quintanilla at second base. Hernandez pitching for Rockies. Velez flied out to left. Sandoval struck out swinging. Holm doubled to left. Schierholtz doubled to right, Holm scored, Schierholtz to third on throwing error by right fielder Spilborghs. Ochoa grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 8th. Walker pitching for Giants. Bowker at first base. Roberts in left field. Baker flied out to center. Fowler grounded out to shortstop. Koshansky hit for Hernandez. Koshansky struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Stewart at third base. Register pitching for Rockies. Bowker singled to right. Roberts walked, Bowker to second. Gillaspie flied out to left. Rohlinger flied out to right. Velez singled to right, Bowker scored, Roberts to third. Aurilia hit for Walker. Aurilia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Velez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Espineli pitching for Giants. Barmes flied out to right. Quintanilla grounded out to first. Podsednik singled to right. Atkins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Holm lined out to left. Schierholtz doubled to right. Ochoa grounded out to third. Bowker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 15 - Giants 6.	Barmes' blast, 4 RBIs power Rockies past Giants