Mariners - Top 1st. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Miller struck out looking. Franklin grounded out to second. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Harang pitching for Mariners. McLouth singled to center. Machado walked, McLouth to second. Markakis walked, McLouth to third, Machado to second. Jones doubled to deep left, McLouth and Machado scored, Markakis to third, Markakis scored on error by left fielder Ibanez. Davis grounded out to shortstop, Jones to third. Wieters hit sacrifice fly to right, Jones scored. Hardy popped out to second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 2nd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Morales singled to right. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Morales out at second. Morse grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Harang pitching for Mariners. Urrutia grounded out to first. Flaherty doubled to deep center. McLouth struck out swinging. Machado fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Smoak walked. Saunders homered to left (382 feet), Smoak scored. Quintero walked. Miller grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Quintero out at second. Franklin struck out looking. Seager walked, Miller to second. Morales singled to left, Miller scored, Seager to second. Ibanez flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Harang pitching for Mariners. Markakis grounded out to first. Jones grounded out to third. Davis homered to right (417 feet). Wieters lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Morse struck out swinging. Smoak singled to center. Saunders grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Smoak out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Harang pitching for Mariners. Hardy flied out to left. Urrutia grounded out to second. Flaherty homered to right (347 feet). McLouth grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Quintero homered to right center (396 feet). Miller grounded out to second. Franklin flied out to center. Seager struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Harang pitching for Mariners. Machado reached on infield single to shortstop. Markakis grounded out to shortstop, Machado to second. Jones singled to center, Machado scored. Davis grounded out to first, Jones to second. Wieters flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Morales doubled to left. Ibanez flied out to right, Morales to third. Morse doubled to deep right center, Morales scored. Smoak singled to right, Morse to third. Patton pitching for Orioles. Saunders hit sacrifice fly to right, Morse scored. Quintero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Smoak out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Maurer pitching for Mariners. Hardy singled to center. Urrutia singled to left, Hardy to second. Flaherty singled to left, Hardy to third, Urrutia to second. McLouth homered to right center (414 feet), Hardy, Urrutia and Flaherty scored. Machado grounded out to shortstop. Markakis lined out to right. Jones struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Patton pitching for Orioles. Miller popped out to second. Franklin struck out swinging. Seager singled to deep right, Seager out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Maurer pitching for Mariners. Davis grounded out to second. Wieters grounded out to second. Hardy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Morales homered to center (410 feet). Ibanez struck out swinging. Morse homered to left (441 feet). Smoak struck out swinging. Saunders struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Maurer pitching for Mariners. Urrutia flied out to left. Flaherty safe at first on error by shortstop Miller. McLouth flied out to center. Machado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Chavez hit for Quintero. Chavez reached on infield single to pitcher. Miller grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. Franklin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 8 - Orioles 11.	McLouth's slam gets Davis, O's by Mariners