Brewers - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Mariners. Aoki struck out looking. Segura struck out looking. Lucroy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Miller popped out to shortstop. Franklin flied out to center. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Mariners. Gomez flied out to center. Davis grounded out to third. Betancourt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Morales grounded out to first. Morse struck out swinging. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Mariners. Bianchi flied out to center. Gennett safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Franklin. Maldonado reached on infield single to third, Gennett to second, Gennett to third, Maldonado to second on throwing error by third baseman Seager. Aoki hit ground rule double to deep left center, Gennett and Maldonado scored. Segura flied out to right, Aoki to third. Lucroy flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Smoak walked. Saunders singled to right, Smoak to second. Quintero lined out to right. Miller singled to left, Smoak to third, Saunders to second. Franklin grounded into fielder's choice to first, Smoak out at home, Saunders to third, Miller to second. Seager singled to center, Saunders and Miller scored, Franklin to second, Franklin to third on error by center fielder Gomez. Morales grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Mariners. Gomez singled to left. Davis flied out to left. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to left, Gomez safe at third on error by third baseman Seager. Bianchi singled to right, Gomez scored, Betancourt to third. Gennett struck out swinging. Maldonado doubled to deep left, Betancourt and Bianchi scored. Aoki grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Morse walked. Ibanez struck out swinging. Smoak struck out looking. Saunders struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Mariners. Segura singled to right. Segura stole second. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop, Segura to third. Gomez walked. Gomez stole second. Davis walked. Betancourt homered to left (365 feet), Segura, Gomez and Davis scored. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Bianchi reached on infield single to shortstop. Gennett singled to center, Bianchi to second. Maldonado flied out to center, Bianchi to third. Aoki singled to left, Bianchi scored, Gennett to third. Segura grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aoki out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Quintero flied out to right. Miller doubled to left. Franklin lined out to center, Miller to third. Seager grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Lucroy grounded out to second. Gomez flied out to right. Davis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Morales grounded out to second. Morse grounded out to third. Ibanez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Capps pitching for Mariners. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Bianchi flied out to center. Gennett reached on infield single to third. Maldonado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Smoak struck out swinging. Saunders walked. Quintero lined out to right. Miller singled to center, Saunders to third. Franklin singled to right center, Saunders scored, Miller to second. Seager fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Capps pitching for Mariners. Aoki grounded out to third. Segura lined out to first. Lucroy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Figaro pitching for Brewers. Morales grounded out to second. Morse grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez safe at first on error by pitcher Figaro. Smoak homered to center (402 feet), Ibanez scored. Saunders grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 9th. Luetge pitching for Mariners. Gomez grounded out to second. Davis struck out swinging. Betancourt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Kintzler pitching for Brewers. Quintero grounded out to shortstop. Miller grounded out to third. Franklin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 10 - Mariners 5.	Betancourt grand slam lifts Brewers by M's