Brewers - Top 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Wong singled to left . Adames flied out to right . Wong stole second . García grounded out to shortstop , Wong to third . Yelich grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Lauer pitching for Brewers . Betts grounded out to third . Seager struck out swinging . Turner homered to right ( 348 feet ) . Turner flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Escobar singled to center . Urías singled to left center , Escobar to second . Cain doubled to left , Escobar scored , Urías to third . Narváez grounded out to shortstop , Urías scored , Cain to third . Lauer struck out swinging . Wong doubled to right , Cain scored . Graterol pitching for Dodgers . Adames grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Lauer pitching for Brewers . Muncy struck out looking . Pollock grounded out to third . Taylor walked . Barnes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Taylor out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Graterol pitching for Dodgers . García grounded out to first . Yelich reached on infield single to third . Escobar doubled to right , Yelich scored . Urías singled to center , Escobar scored . Vesia pitching for Dodgers . Cain struck out swinging , Urías caught stealing second , catcher to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Lauer pitching for Brewers . Vesia walked . Betts struck out swinging . Seager grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Vesia out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Vesia pitching for Dodgers . Narváez flied out to right . Lauer struck out swinging . Wong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Lauer pitching for Brewers . Turner flied out to right . Turner singled to left . Muncy lined out to right . Pollock popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Phillips pitching for Dodgers . Adames grounded out to third . García struck out swinging . Yelich singled to center . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Lauer pitching for Brewers . Taylor flied out to left . Barnes singled to center . Pujols hit for Phillips . Pujols singled to short , Barnes to second . Betts singled to center , Pujols to second , Barnes to third . Seager popped out to third . Turner homered to left center ( 401 feet ) , Barnes scored , Pujols scored and Betts scored . Turner lined out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Bruihl pitching for Dodgers . Urías grounded out to shortstop . Cain fouled out to catcher . Narváez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Gustave pitching for Brewers . Taylor in center field . Muncy grounded out to first . Pollock lined out to right . Taylor lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Treinen pitching for Dodgers . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . Wong struck out swinging . Adames singled to center . García grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Adames out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Gustave pitching for Brewers . Barnes grounded out to shortstop . Beaty hit for Treinen . Beaty homered to center ( 399 feet ) . Betts hit by pitch . Seager singled to center , Betts to second . Seager to second on wild pitch by Gustave , Betts to third on wild pitch by Gustave . Turner intentionally walked . Betts scored on Gustave wild pitch , Turner to second on wild pitch by Gustave , Seager to third on wild pitch by Gustave . Turner grounded out to first . Suter pitching for Brewers . Muncy reached on infield single to second , Seager scored , Turner to third . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Muncy out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Kelly pitching for Dodgers . Taylor in left field . Bellinger in center field . Yelich walked . Escobar struck out looking , Yelich stole second . Urías struck out swinging . Vogelbach hit for Suter . Vogelbach singled to shallow left , Yelich scored . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Hiura ran for Vogelbach . Hiura stole second . Narváez popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Strickland pitching for Brewers . Taylor flied out to second . Barnes flied out to right . Bellinger reached on infield single to first . Bellinger stole second . Betts popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Taylor struck out looking . Wong safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Turner . Adames grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wong out at second . García fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 6 - Dodgers 8 .	Trea Turner slam , solo HR ; Kershaw hurt , Dodgers beat Brews