Angels - Top 1st . Eaton pitching for Orioles . Figgins flied out to center . Izturis flied out to left . Abreu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Roberts flied out to center . Jones grounded out to third . Markakis singled to left . Huff singled to center , Markakis to second . Mora singled to right , Markakis scored , Huff to second , Huff to third on error by right fielder Abreu . Wigginton popped out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 2nd . Eaton pitching for Orioles . Hunter flied out to center . Morales grounded out to second . Napoli doubled to deep right . Kendrick grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Montanez flied out to right . Zaun grounded out to catcher . Izturis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Eaton pitching for Orioles . Rivera walked . Aybar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rivera out at second . Figgins walked . Figgins stole second . Izturis doubled to deep right center , Figgins scored , Izturis to third on error by right fielder Markakis . Abreu doubled to deep center , Izturis scored . Hunter struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Roberts struck out swinging . Jones singled to left . Markakis singled to left , Jones to second . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jones to third , Markakis safe at second on error by shortstop Aybar . Mora singled to center , Jones scored , Markakis to third , Huff to second . Wigginton singled to right , Markakis scored , Huff to third , Mora to second . Montanez hit sacrifice fly to center , Huff scored . Zaun lined out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 4th . Eaton pitching for Orioles . Morales doubled to deep right center . Napoli grounded out to shortstop , Morales to third . Kendrick homered to left center , Morales scored . Rivera flied out to right . Aybar flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Izturis doubled to deep center . Roberts flied into double play , right to shortstop , Izturis doubled off second . Jones walked . Markakis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Eaton pitching for Orioles . Figgins singled to center . Figgins stole second . Izturis grounded out to second , Figgins to third . Abreu walked . Hunter grounded out to third , Figgins scored , Abreu to second . Morales intentionally walked . Napoli struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Huff grounded out to first . Mora grounded out to third . Wigginton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Eaton pitching for Orioles . Kendrick flied out to center . Rivera flied out to center . Aybar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Montanez lined out to center . Zaun flied out to center . Izturis singled to right center . Roberts singled to right , Izturis to second . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Roberts out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Walker pitching for Orioles . Figgins doubled to deep center , Figgins out stretching at third . Izturis singled to left . Izturis to second on balk by Walker . Abreu struck out swinging . Ray pitching for Orioles . Hunter walked . Morales doubled to deep right , Izturis and Hunter scored , Morales thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Markakis grounded out to second . Huff struck out swinging . Mora reached on infield single to second . Wigginton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Bass pitching for Orioles . Napoli singled to center . Kendrick grounded out to third , Napoli to second . Rivera reached on infield single to shortstop , Napoli to third . Aybar struck out swinging . Figgins walked , Rivera to second . Izturis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Montanez walked . Zaun grounded out to second , Montanez to second . Scott hit for Izturis . Scott grounded out to pitcher . Roberts flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Andino at shortstop . Bass pitching for Orioles . Abreu grounded out to second . Hunter struck out swinging . Morales flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Fuentes pitching for Angels . Jones homered to right . Markakis popped out to second . Huff grounded out to first . Mora struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - Orioles 5 .	Saunders , Angels beat O 's to win 2nd straight