Nationals - Top 1st . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Guzman struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Roberts struck out looking . Jones doubled to deep left . Markakis reached on infield single to first , Jones to third . Huff hit sacrifice fly to center , Jones scored . Reimold grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Markakis out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Dunn flied out to right . Willingham singled to left . Dukes singled to left , Willingham to second . Bard singled to left , Willingham scored , Dukes thrown out at third . Harris walked , Bard to second . Hernandez popped out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Scott grounded out to pitcher . Mora grounded out to shortstop . Wieters walked . Andino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wieters out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Guzman popped out to third . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman singled to right center . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Roberts struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Willingham grounded out to second . Dukes grounded out to third . Bard walked . Harris struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Huff singled to center . Reimold doubled to deep left , Huff to third , Huff scored on error by left fielder Willingham . Scott singled to right , Reimold to third . Mora singled to right , Reimold scored , Scott to second . Wieters walked , Scott to third , Mora to second . Andino grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Scott out at home , Mora to third , Wieters to second . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 5th . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Hernandez grounded out to first . Guzman grounded out to second . Johnson hit by pitch . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Markakis singled to center . Huff grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Dunn fouled out to third . Willingham struck out swinging . Dukes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Reimold singled to center . Scott singled to center , Reimold to third . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Mora doubled to deep left , Reimold and Scott scored . Wieters struck out swinging . Andino reached on infield single to shortstop . Roberts walked , Mora to third , Andino to second . Jones singled to right , Mora scored , Andino to third , Roberts to second . Villone pitching for Nationals . Markakis singled to right , Andino scored , Roberts to third , Jones to second . Huff singled to right , Roberts and Jones scored , Markakis to third . Reimold walked , Huff to second . Scott safe at first on error by shortstop Guzman , Markakis scored , Huff to third , Reimold to second . Mora hit sacrifice fly to right , Huff scored , Reimold to third , Scott to second . Wieters flied out to right . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 7th . Baez pitching for Orioles . Bard singled to right . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bard out at second . Hernandez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Harris out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez at third base . Colome pitching for Nationals . Andino popped out to shortstop . Roberts struck out swinging . Jones tripled to deep right . Markakis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Salazar at third base . Albers pitching for Orioles . Guzman singled to center . Johnson lined out to third . Gonzalez singled to center , Guzman to second . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham walked , Guzman to third , Gonzalez to second . Dukes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Huff grounded out to second . Reimold singled to right . Scott grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reimold out at second . Salazar popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Sherrill pitching for Orioles . Bard fouled out to third . Harris safe at first on error by second baseman Roberts . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Harris out at second . Guzman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 1 - Orioles 11 .	Bergesen wins 4th straight as Orioles crush Nats