Blue Jays - Top 1st . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Scutaro grounded out to third . Hill flied out to left . Lind doubled to deep left . Rolen lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts grounded out to third . Jones grounded out to second . Markakis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Wells reached on infield single to third . Overbay flied out to center . Rios walked , Wells to second . Dellucci grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Rios out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Salazar singled to center . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop , Salazar to second . Reimold grounded out to shortstop . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Chavez struck out swinging . Scutaro doubled to deep left . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Lind walked . Rolen safe at first on error by third baseman Mora , Scutaro to third , Lind to second . Wells popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Zaun walked . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Zaun out at second . Izturis to second on wild pitch by Rzepczynski . Roberts doubled to deep right center , Izturis scored . Jones walked , Roberts stole third . Jones batting . Markakis singled to right , Roberts scored , Jones to third . Salazar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Markakis out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Overbay grounded out to second . Rios flied out to center . Dellucci struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Wigginton flied out to right . Reimold singled to center . Mora struck out swinging , Reimold stole second . Zaun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . Scutaro singled to right . Hill grounded into double play , third to second to first , Scutaro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Izturis grounded out to third . Roberts struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Lind grounded out to first . Rolen flied out to center . Wells flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Markakis grounded out to first . Salazar homered to left . Wigginton walked . Reimold grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wigginton out at second . Mora flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Overbay doubled to deep center . Rios struck out swinging . Dellucci doubled to deep left , Overbay scored . Chavez reached on infield single to shortstop , Dellucci to third . Scutaro hit sacrifice fly to center , Dellucci scored , Chavez to second . McDonald ran for Chavez . Baez pitching for Orioles . Hill grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Barajas catching . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Zaun grounded out to shortstop . Izturis reached on infield single to shortstop , Izturis to second on throwing error by shortstop Scutaro . Roberts singled to shallow left , Izturis scored . Jones lined out to right . Markakis grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Lind flied out to right . Rolen flied out to right . Wells singled to right . Overbay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Accardo pitching for Blue Jays . Salazar walked . Wigginton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Salazar out at second . Reimold popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Sherrill pitching for Orioles . Pie in left field . Rios flied out to center . Bautista hit for Dellucci . Bautista grounded out to second . Barajas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 2 - Orioles 4 .	O 's triumph as Bergesen blanks Jays through 7