Orioles - Top 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Pie struck out swinging . Izturis reached on infield single to shortstop . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Izturis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Scutaro popped out to second . Hill singled to right . Lind struck out swinging . Hill caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Markakis grounded out to second . Huff walked . Mora singled to center , Huff to third . Scott singled to right , Huff scored , Mora to third . Wieters grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Scott out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Millar homered to left . Wells walked . Rios popped out to second . Encarnacion singled to left , Wells to second . Barajas grounded into double play , third to second to first , Encarnacion out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Andino safe at first on error by shortstop Scutaro . Andino stole second . Pie grounded out to second , Andino to third . Izturis doubled to right , Andino scored . Jones grounded out to second , Izturis to third . Markakis flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Bautista singled to right center . Bautista stole second . Scutaro homered to left , Bautista scored . Hill grounded out to pitcher . Lind lined out to left . Millar walked . Wells homered to left , Millar scored . Rios singled to center . Bass pitching for Orioles . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Huff struck out looking . Mora popped out to second . Scott grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Bass pitching for Orioles . Barajas flied out to center . Bautista flied out to left . Scutaro singled to center . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Scutaro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Wieters grounded out to shortstop . Andino singled to center . Pie grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Andino out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Bass pitching for Orioles . Lind grounded out to pitcher . Millar singled to center . Wells fouled out to second . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Millar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Izturis grounded out to second . Jones singled to center . Markakis singled to right , Jones to second . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Markakis out at second , Jones to third . Mora singled to right , Jones scored , Huff to second . Scott struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Bass pitching for Orioles . Encarnacion grounded out to first . Barajas lined out to right . Bautista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Wieters grounded out to first . Andino grounded out to second . Pie singled to center . Izturis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Albers pitching for Orioles . Scutaro singled to center . Hill lined out to right . Lind walked , Scutaro to second . Millar singled to right center , Scutaro scored , Lind to second , Lind to third on error by right fielder Markakis . Overbay ran for Millar . Wells singled to center , Lind scored , Overbay to second . Ray pitching for Orioles . Rios singled to left , Overbay to third , Wells to second . Encarnacion grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Overbay out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 8th . Overbay at first base . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Jones struck out swinging . Markakis flied out to left . Huff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Ray pitching for Orioles . Barajas lined out to third . Bautista grounded out to third . Scutaro doubled to deep left . Hill grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Mora walked . Scott flied out to left . Wieters flied out to left . Reimold hit for Andino . Mora to second on fielder 's indifference . Reimold struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 3 - Blue Jays 7 .	Halladay extends reign on O 's ; homers help