Orioles - Top 1st . Byrd pitching for Red Sox . Roberts flied out to left . Pie grounded out to first . Reimold reached on infield single to third . Markakis doubled to deep center , Reimold to third . Mora flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Berken pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury walked . Pedroia lined out to left . Drew grounded out to second , Ellsbury to second . Youkilis walked . Ortiz reached on infield single to third , Ellsbury to third , Youkilis to second . Bay singled to left , Ellsbury and Youkilis scored , Ortiz to second . Lowell lined out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Byrd pitching for Red Sox . Wieters walked . Scott walked , Wieters to second . Wigginton singled to right , Wieters to third , Scott to second . Izturis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wieters scored , Wigginton out at second , Scott to third . Roberts flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Varitek struck out looking . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Ellsbury singled to left . Pedroia singled to left , Ellsbury thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Byrd pitching for Red Sox . Pie bunt grounded out to third . Reimold flied out to left . Markakis walked . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Drew singled to left . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop , Drew to second . Ortiz flied out to center . Bay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Byrd pitching for Red Sox . Wieters grounded out to first . Scott doubled to deep right . Wigginton grounded out to second , Scott to third . Izturis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Lowell safe at first on error by first baseman Wigginton . Lowell stole second . Varitek doubled to deep left center , Lowell scored . Gonzalez sacrificed to third , Varitek to third . Ellsbury flied out to left . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 5th . Byrd pitching for Red Sox . Roberts doubled to deep left . Pie flied out to center . Roberts stole third . Reimold hit sacrifice fly to left , Roberts scored . Markakis singled to right . Mora flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Drew grounded out to second . Youkilis walked . Ortiz walked , Youkilis to second . Bay struck out looking . Lowell singled to left , Youkilis thrown out at home , Ortiz to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Wieters singled to deep left . Scott struck out swinging . Wigginton safe at first on error by pitcher Delcarmen , Wieters to second . Izturis reached on infield single to shortstop , Wieters to third , Wigginton to second . Roberts walked , Wieters scored , Wigginton to third , Izturis to second . Ramirez pitching for Red Sox . Pie singled to center , Wigginton scored , Izturis to third , Roberts to second . Reimold struck out looking . Markakis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Varitek singled to right . Gathright ran for Varitek . Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher , Gathright to second . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury grounded out to first , Gathright to third . Albers pitching for Orioles . Pedroia reached on infield single to third , Gathright scored . Drew popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Kottaras catching . Wagner pitching for Red Sox . Mora grounded out to pitcher . Wieters struck out swinging . Scott struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Albers pitching for Orioles . Youkilis singled to right . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Ortiz struck out swinging . Baez pitching for Orioles . Bay singled to left , Youkilis to second . Lowell walked , Youkilis to third , Bay to second . Martinez hit for Kottaras . Anderson ran for Lowell . Martinez doubled to deep center , Youkilis , Bay and Anderson scored . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Ellsbury walked . Pedroia grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Youkilis at third base . Brown catching . Martinez at first base . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Wigginton singled to center . Izturis struck out swinging . Roberts walked , Wigginton to second . Pie struck out swinging . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Reimold grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Henn pitching for Orioles . Drew struck out looking . Youkilis singled to center . Ortiz singled to right , Youkilis to second . Green ran for Ortiz . Meredith pitching for Orioles . Bay singled to left , Youkilis to third , Green to second . Brown lined into double play , shortstop to second , Green doubled off second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Markakis singled to deep left . Mora flied out to center . Wieters reached on infield single to second , Markakis to third . Scott hit sacrifice fly to center , Markakis scored . Wigginton popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 5 - Red Sox 7 .	Wagner gets first AL win as Red Sox top Orioles