Cubs - Top 1st. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Johnson struck out swinging. Theriot reached on bunt single to third. Lee struck out looking. Theriot stole second. Theriot safe at third on throwing error by catcher Bako. Ramirez walked. Bradley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Rollins walked. Victorino flied out to center. Utley struck out swinging. Rollins caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Soriano popped out to first. Baker grounded out to third. Hill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Howard flied out to right. Werth walked. Dobbs singled to center, Werth to second. Feliz grounded out to first, Werth to third, Dobbs to second. Bako popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Zambrano fouled out to first. Johnson walked. Johnson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Theriot grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Moyer struck out looking. Rollins flied out to left. Victorino singled to right. Utley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Lee singled to left. Ramirez singled to center, Lee to second. Bradley singled to right, Lee to third, Ramirez to second. Soriano singled to center, Lee scored, Ramirez to third, Bradley to second. Baker doubled to center, Ramirez and Bradley scored, Soriano to third, Soriano scored, Baker to third on error by second baseman Utley. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Zambrano grounded out to shortstop. Johnson struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Howard grounded out to shortstop. Werth grounded out to second. Dobbs grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Theriot singled to left. Lee flied out to center. Theriot stole second. Ramirez walked. Bradley singled to left, Theriot scored, Ramirez to second. Soriano popped out to first. Baker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bradley out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Feliz reached on infield single to pitcher. Bako singled to right, Feliz to second. Mayberry hit for Moyer. Mayberry singled to right center, Feliz to third, Bako to second. Rollins flied out to center. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to first, Feliz scored, Mayberry out at second, Bako to third. Utley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Condrey pitching for Phillies. Hill flied out to center. Zambrano grounded out to shortstop. Johnson lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Howard singled to right. Werth reached on infield single to shortstop, Howard to second, Howard to third, Werth to second on throwing error by shortstop Theriot. Dobbs struck out looking. Feliz singled to center, Howard and Werth scored. Bako struck out swinging. Stairs hit for Condrey. Stairs struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 7th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Theriot walked. Lee walked, Theriot to second. Ramirez doubled to deep right center, Theriot and Lee scored. Bradley walked. Soriano singled to left, Ramirez to third, Bradley to second. Fontenot hit for Baker. Eyre pitching for Phillies. Fox hit for Fontenot. Fox hit sacrifice fly to left, Ramirez scored. Hill lined out to third. Zambrano struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Blanco at second base. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Rollins grounded out to first. Victorino singled to right. Utley lined out to right. Howard walked, Victorino to second. Werth singled to right, Victorino to third, Howard to second. Marshall pitching for Cubs. Dobbs singled to left, Victorino and Howard scored, Werth to third. Guzman pitching for Cubs. Feliz flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Eyre pitching for Phillies. Johnson lined out to second. Theriot reached on infield single to shortstop. Theriot stole second. Lee walked. Ramirez flied out to right. Bradley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Guzman pitching for Cubs. Bako safe at first on error by third baseman Ramirez. Ibanez hit for Eyre. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop, Bako to second. Rollins grounded out to first, Bako to third. Victorino walked. Gregg pitching for Cubs. Fukudome in right field. Utley walked, Victorino to second. Howard grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 9th. Lidge pitching for Phillies. Soriano struck out swinging. Blanco hit by pitch. Hill walked, Blanco to second. Fukudome singled to right, Blanco to third, Hill to second. Johnson singled to right, Blanco scored, Hill to third, Fukudome to second. Theriot struck out swinging. Lee walked, Hill scored, Fukudome to third, Johnson to second. Madson pitching for Phillies. Bruntlett at first base. Ramirez popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Gregg pitching for Cubs. Werth flied out to right. Dobbs struck out swinging. Feliz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 10 - Phillies 5.	Cubs end Phillies' 10-game winning streak