Padres - Top 1st. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Giles walked. Iguchi singled to left, Giles to second. Gonzalez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Iguchi out at second, Giles to third. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Giles scored. Edmonds singled to center, Kouzmanoff to second. Greene struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Peavy pitching for Padres. Amezaga lined out to shortstop. Hermida reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramirez grounded out to second, Hermida to second. Jacobs homered to left, Hermida scored. Cantu walked. Uggla struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Bard grounded out to shortstop. McAnulty hit by pitch. Peavy flied out to left. Giles singled to deep right, McAnulty to third. Iguchi doubled to deep left, McAnulty and Giles scored. Gonzalez fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Peavy pitching for Padres. Gonzalez popped out to third. Rabelo grounded out to second. Nolasco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Kouzmanoff flied out to right. Edmonds grounded out to first. Greene singled to left center. Bard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Peavy pitching for Padres. Amezaga singled to right. Hermida singled to left center, Amezaga to second. Ramirez struck out swinging. Jacobs struck out swinging. Cantu struck out swinging, Cantu safe at first on wild pitch by Peavy, Amezaga to third, Hermida to second. Uggla flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. McAnulty singled to center. Peavy sacrificed to catcher, McAnulty to second. Giles popped out to third, McAnulty out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Rabelo singled to right. Nolasco sacrificed to first, Rabelo to second. Amezaga grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Iguchi struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to right. Kouzmanoff singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Edmonds walked, Gonzalez to third, Kouzmanoff to second. Greene grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gonzalez scored, Edmonds out at second, Kouzmanoff to third, Kouzmanoff scored on error by shortstop Ramirez. Bard doubled to deep left, Greene scored. Waechter pitching for Marlins. Bard to third on wild pitch by Waechter. McAnulty intentionally walked. Peavy grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Hermida struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to second. Jacobs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Waechter pitching for Marlins. Giles struck out looking. Iguchi flied out to left. Gonzalez singled to left. Kouzmanoff lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Cantu flied out to center. Uggla struck out swinging. Gonzalez walked. Meredith pitching for Padres. Rabelo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Waechter pitching for Marlins. Edmonds singled to left. Crabbe hit for Greene. Edmonds caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Crabbe struck out swinging. Bard grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Crabbe at shortstop. Andino hit for Waechter. Meredith pitching for Padres. Andino struck out swinging. Amezaga struck out swinging. Hermida singled to center. Ramirez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Kensing pitching for Marlins. McAnulty flied out to center. Clark hit for Meredith. Clark walked. Giles flied into double play, center to second to first, Clark doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Bell pitching for Padres. Jacobs lined out to shortstop. Cantu flied out to center. Uggla hit by pitch. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez homered to left. Kouzmanoff walked. Edmonds flied out to right. Crabbe singled to right, Kouzmanoff to third, Crabbe to second on error by right fielder Hermida. Bard walked. McAnulty struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Rabelo walked. Helms hit for Kensing. Helms grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rabelo out at second. Amezaga grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 7 - Marlins 2.	Peavy grabs long-awaited win as Pads top Marlins