Brewers - Top 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Weeks grounded out to third. Cameron struck out swinging. Dillon walked. Braun flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Amezaga struck out looking. Hermida grounded out to first. Ramirez singled to left. Ramirez stole second, Ramirez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rivera. Cantu homered to left, Ramirez scored. Uggla struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Hardy singled to left. Hall grounded out to first, Hardy to second. Kapler flied out to right. Rivera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez walked. Helms flied out to center. Treanor singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Hendrickson struck out looking. Amezaga grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Villanueva singled to center. Weeks popped out to shortstop. Cameron walked, Villanueva to second. Dillon singled to right, Villanueva to third, Cameron to second. Braun popped out to first. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Villanueva out at home, Cameron to third, Dillon to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Hermida doubled to deep left. Ramirez singled to right center, Hermida scored. Cantu singled to left, Ramirez to second. Uggla struck out swinging. Gonzalez reached on infield single to second, Ramirez to third, Cantu to second. Helms grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Hall singled to left. Kapler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hall out at second. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kapler out at second. Rivera stole second. Villanueva singled to right, Rivera scored. Weeks hit by pitch, Villanueva to second. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Treanor hit by pitch. Hendrickson sacrificed to third, Treanor to second. Amezaga grounded out to second, Treanor to third. Hermida struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Dillon singled to left. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dillon out at second. Hardy singled to left, Braun to second. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Hall struck out looking. Kapler fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Ramirez flied out to center. Cantu struck out swinging. Uggla walked. Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop, Uggla to second. Helms singled to left, Uggla scored, Gonzalez to second. Treanor homered to left, Gonzalez and Helms scored. Kensing grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Rivera struck out swinging. Counsell hit for Villanueva. Counsell struck out swinging. Weeks flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. McClung pitching for Brewers. Amezaga grounded out to shortstop. Hermida struck out looking. Ramirez walked. Cantu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Cameron lined out to left. Dillon struck out looking. Braun flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. McClung pitching for Brewers. Uggla struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to left center. Helms flied out to center. Treanor popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Hardy struck out swinging. Hall walked. Kapler reached on infield single to shortstop, Hall to second. Rivera singled to right, Hall scored, Kapler to second. Gwynn hit for McClung. Gwynn lined out to shortstop, Kapler to third on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez. Weeks flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Stetter pitching for Brewers. Ross hit for Lindstrom. Ross struck out swinging. Amezaga struck out swinging. Carroll hit for Hermida. Carroll grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Carroll in right field. Miller pitching for Marlins. Cameron lined out to shortstop. Dillon struck out swinging. Braun fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 2 - Marlins 7.	Streaking Marlins hand Brewers sixth straight loss