Marlins - Top 1st. Silva pitching for Mariners. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Hermida singled to left center. Cantu singled to center, Hermida to second. Jacobs reached on infield single to second, Hermida scored, Cantu to second. Uggla walked, Cantu to third, Jacobs to second. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to right, Cantu scored, Jacobs to third. Helms grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Marlins. Suzuki struck out looking. Lopez grounded out to second. Vidro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Ross struck out swinging. Treanor grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Marlins. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez fouled out to catcher. Sexson singled to right. Johjima grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sexson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Hermida struck out looking. Cantu grounded out to shortstop. Jacobs grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Marlins. Bloomquist singled to left. Betancourt lined out to shortstop. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bloomquist out at second. Lopez singled to right, Suzuki to second. Vidro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Uggla struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Helms grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Beltre walked. Ibanez walked, Beltre to second. Sexson singled to center, Beltre to third, Ibanez to second. Johjima hit sacrifice fly to left, Beltre scored, Ibanez to third. Bloomquist lined out to right. Betancourt lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Ross popped out to second. Treanor doubled to right. Ramirez singled to center, Treanor to third. Hermida grounded into fielder's choice to second, Treanor scored, Ramirez out at second. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Cantu walked, Hermida to second. Jacobs struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Lopez grounded out to second, Suzuki to second. Suzuki stole third. Vidro lined out to first. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Uggla singled to center. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Helms singled to left center, Uggla to third. Ross hit sacrifice fly to left, Uggla scored. Treanor struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Ibanez flied out to center. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. Johjima struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Ramirez singled to right. Hermida reached on infield single to pitcher, Ramirez to second, Ramirez to third on throwing error by pitcher Corcoran.J Hermida to second advancing on play. Cantu grounded out to shortstop. Jacobs intentionally walked. Uggla singled to left, Ramirez scored, Hermida to third, Jacobs to second. Gonzalez singled to center, Hermida scored, Jacobs to third, Uggla to second. Green pitching for Mariners. Amezaga ran for Gonzalez. Helms struck out swinging. Ross struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Amezaga in center field. Ross in left field. Miller pitching for Marlins. Bloomquist singled to left. Betancourt flied out to center. Bloomquist to second on wild pitch by Miller. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Lopez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Treanor struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Hermida struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Vidro grounded out to third. Beltre struck out swinging. Ibanez singled to center. Miller pitching for Marlins. Sexson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Cantu struck out swinging. Jacobs struck out swinging. Uggla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Johjima lined out to third. Reed hit for Bloomquist. Reed walked. Betancourt grounded out to third, Reed to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 6 - Mariners 1.	M's lose 8th in row at home