Marlins - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Hermida grounded out to second. Cantu popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Suzuki singled to right. Lopez doubled to left, Suzuki scored. Vidro struck out swinging. Beltre singled to left, Lopez to third. Ibanez singled to right, Lopez scored, Beltre to second. Sexson popped out to first. Johjima grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ibanez out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Jacobs grounded out to first. Uggla homered to left. Gonzalez fouled out to third. Helms flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Bloomquist singled to left. Betancourt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bloomquist out at second. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Treanor grounded out to second. Amezaga struck out looking. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Lopez struck out swinging. Vidro flied out to right. Beltre reached on infield single to third. Ibanez singled to center, Beltre to second. Sexson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Hermida struck out swinging. Cantu struck out swinging. Jacobs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Johjima walked. Bloomquist singled to center, Johjima to second. Betancourt sacrificed to pitcher, Johjima to third, Bloomquist to second. Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to right, Johjima scored, Bloomquist to third. Lopez doubled to left, Bloomquist scored. Vidro flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Uggla struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Helms struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Beltre singled to center. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Beltre out at second. Sexson singled to right, Ibanez to second. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Johjima safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Kensing, Ibanez scored, Sexson to second. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Betancourt lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Treanor singled to center. Amezaga singled to shallow right, Treanor to second. Ramirez reached on infield single to third, Treanor to third, Amezaga to second. Hermida singled to center, Treanor scored, Amezaga to third, Ramirez to second. Cantu hit sacrifice fly to left, Amezaga scored. Jacobs struck out looking. Uggla struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Suzuki safe at first on error by second baseman Uggla. Lopez flied out to right. Vidro flied out to center. Beltre fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez doubled to deep center, Gonzalez to third on error by center fielder Bloomquist. Helms grounded out to third. Treanor hit sacrifice fly to left, Gonzalez scored. Amezaga flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Waechter pitching for Marlins. Ibanez doubled to right. Sexson grounded out to shortstop, Ibanez to third. Johjima grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ibanez out at home. Bloomquist struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Ramirez grounded out to second. Hermida walked. Green pitching for Mariners. Cantu struck out swinging. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Ross hit for Jacobs. Ross struck out swinging. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Ross hit for Jacobs. Ross struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Waechter pitching for Marlins. Betancourt singled to right center. Suzuki popped out to third. Lopez flied out to right. Vidro fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Cairo at first base. Uggla struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Helms struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Mariners 5.	King Felix, M's snap 8-game slump, edge Marlins