Braves - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Anderson homered to right. Prado singled to right. Escobar flied out to center. McCann singled to left, Prado to second. Infante struck out swinging, Prado stole third, McCann stole second. Johnson walked. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCann out at third, Johnson to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Morton pitching for Braves. Ramirez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Infante. Ramirez stole second. Amezaga bunt popped out foul to catcher. Ramirez stole third. Cantu hit sacrifice fly to left, Ramirez scored. Jacobs homered to right center. Uggla safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Infante. Gonzalez doubled to deep center, Uggla scored. Ross struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Jones popped out to shortstop. Morton struck out looking. Anderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Morton pitching for Braves. Baker doubled to left. Sanchez bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Baker out at third. Ramirez walked, Sanchez to second. Amezaga grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez out at second, Sanchez to third. Cantu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Escobar singled to center. McCann singled to right, Escobar to third. Infante singled to left, Escobar scored, McCann to second. Johnson doubled to deep right, McCann scored, Infante to third. Francoeur homered to left, Infante and Johnson scored. Jones grounded out to second. Morton struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Morton pitching for Braves. Jacobs struck out swinging. Uggla flied out to left. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Anderson doubled to deep left center. Anderson stole third. Prado singled to center, Anderson scored. Escobar singled to left, Prado to second. McCann grounded into fielder's choice to center, Escobar out at second, Prado to third. Infante doubled to deep left, Prado scored, McCann to third. Johnson doubled to left, McCann and Infante scored. Francoeur flied out to right, Johnson to third. Jones intentionally walked. Morton lined out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Sammons catching. Morton pitching for Braves. Ross doubled to deep left center. Baker fouled out to first. McPherson hit for Hendrickson. McPherson walked. Ramirez walked, Ross to third, McPherson to second. Amezaga tripled to deep right, Ross, McPherson and Ramirez scored. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Cantu popped out to first. Jacobs singled to center, Amezaga scored. Uggla homered to left center, Jacobs scored. Gonzalez struck out looking. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Waechter pitching for Marlins. Anderson popped out to second. Prado singled to center. Escobar flied out to center. Sammons lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Ross doubled to deep left. Ridgway pitching for Braves. Baker singled to left center, Ross to third. Boyer pitching for Braves. Lo Duca hit for Waechter. Lo Duca singled to center, Ross scored, Baker to second. Baker to third, Lo Duca to second on passed ball by Sammons. Ramirez intentionally walked. Baker scored, Lo Duca to third, Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Boyer. Amezaga singled to center, Lo Duca and Ramirez scored, Amezaga to second on throwing error by center fielder Anderson. Cantu struck out swinging. Jacobs struck out swinging. Uggla struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 6th. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Infante singled to right. Johnson singled to right, Infante to second. Francoeur hit by pitch, Infante to third, Johnson to second. Jones singled to right, Infante and Johnson scored, Francoeur to second. Cantu at first base. Nelson pitching for Marlins. Helms at third base. Norton hit for Boyer. Norton doubled to deep left, Francoeur and Jones scored. Anderson bunt popped out to pitcher. Prado struck out swinging. Escobar intentionally walked. Sammons grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Ohman pitching for Braves. Gonzalez walked. Ross fouled out to third. Baker singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Helms singled to left, Gonzalez to third, Baker to second. Tavarez pitching for Braves. Ramirez popped out to shortstop. Amezaga grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Nelson pitching for Marlins. Infante popped out to pitcher. Johnson flied out to left. Francoeur struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Tavarez pitching for Braves. Cantu struck out swinging. Hermida hit for Nelson. Hermida struck out swinging. Uggla flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Rhodes pitching for Marlins. Jones flied out to left. Blanco hit for Tavarez. Blanco popped out to second. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Julio pitching for Braves. Blanco in left field. Gonzalez walked. Carroll ran for Gonzalez. Carroll to second on wild pitch by Julio. Ross singled to right, Carroll to third. Baker singled to right, Carroll scored, Ross to second. Helms struck out swinging. Ramirez walked, Ross to third, Baker to second. Amezaga struck out swinging. Cantu popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Carroll in left field. Prado walked. Escobar sacrificed to pitcher, Prado to second. Gotay hit for Sammons. Gotay doubled to deep center, Prado scored. Infante singled to left, Gotay to third. Johnson singled to right, Gotay scored, Infante to second. Francoeur grounded out to pitcher, Infante to third, Johnson to second. Kotchman hit for Julio. Kotchman struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Miller catching. Gonzalez pitching for Braves. Andino hit for Lindstrom. Andino grounded out to second. Uggla flied out to center. Carroll grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 16 - Marlins 14.	Marlins rally, lose 16-14 to Braves