Mets - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Lagares doubled to left . Murphy singled to left , Lagares to third . Lagares scored , Murphy to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Murphy caught stealing third , pitcher to third . Wright singled to left . Young lined out to left . Granderson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Blackmon singled to right . Arenado walked , Blackmon to second . Tulowitzki singled to left center , Blackmon scored , Arenado to second . Morneau doubled to deep left center , Arenado scored , Tulowitzki to third . Rosario reached on infield single to third , Tulowitzki scored , Morneau to third . Dickerson hit sacrifice fly to left , Morneau scored , Rosario out at second . Barnes lined out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Satin flied out to center . d'Arnaud flied out to center . Tejada walked . Wheeler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Wheeler pitching for Mets . LeMahieu grounded out to second . De La Rosa safe at first on error by pitcher Wheeler . Blackmon singled to right center , De La Rosa to second . Arenado grounded out to third , De La Rosa to third , Blackmon to second . Tulowitzki singled to left center , De La Rosa and Blackmon scored , Tulowitzki thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Lagares flied out to right . Murphy grounded out to second . Wright reached on infield single to shortstop . Young singled to right , Wright to third . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Morneau lined out to center . Rosario grounded out to third . Dickerson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Satin struck out looking . d'Arnaud grounded out to second . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Barnes safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Tejada . LeMahieu walked , Barnes to second . De La Rosa sacrificed to pitcher , Barnes to third , LeMahieu to second . Blackmon grounded out to first , Barnes scored , LeMahieu to third . Arenado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 5th . Young Jr. hit for Wheeler . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Young Jr. flied out to center . Lagares singled to right . Murphy flied out to left . Wright grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Familia pitching for Mets . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Morneau grounded out to first . Rosario struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Young walked . Granderson homered to right ( 385 feet ) , Young scored . Satin walked . d'Arnaud singled to center , Satin to second . Tejada grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , d'Arnaud out at second , Satin to third . Abreu hit for Familia . Abreu struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Torres pitching for Mets . Dickerson struck out swinging . Barnes doubled to left . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Stubbs hit for De La Rosa . Barnes to third on wild pitch by Torres . Stubbs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Lagares grounded out to second . Murphy grounded out to second . Wright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Torres pitching for Mets . Blackmon homered to right ( 398 feet ) . Arenado singled to center . Tulowitzki singled to center , Arenado to second . Morneau singled to right center , Arenado scored , Tulowitzki to third . Rosario hit sacrifice fly to center , Tulowitzki scored . Dickerson lined out to second . Barnes struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Young grounded out to third . Granderson singled to center . Satin walked , Granderson to second . d'Arnaud grounded out to second , Granderson to third , Satin to second . Tejada flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Mets . LeMahieu lined out to right . Wheeler hit for Belisle . Wheeler singled to right center . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wheeler out at second . Arenado lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Culberson at shortstop . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Quintanilla hit for Farnsworth . Quintanilla lined out to right . Lagares struck out looking . Murphy grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 3 - Rockies 10 .	Blackmon , De La Rosa help Rockies top Mets