Giants - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Pagan grounded out to pitcher . Pence walked . Posey grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pence out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Giants . Blackmon grounded out to second . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Tulowitzki singled to shallow right . Morneau walked , Tulowitzki to second . Arenado hit by pitch , Tulowitzki to third , Morneau to second . Dickerson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Morse grounded out to third . Sandoval flied out to center . Hicks grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Giants . Rosario singled to center . LeMahieu grounded out to third , Rosario to second . De La Rosa grounded out to first , Rosario to third . Blackmon walked . Cuddyer reached on infield single to shortstop , Rosario scored , Blackmon to second . Tulowitzki flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Crawford struck out swinging . Colvin struck out swinging . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Giants . Morneau singled to center . Arenado singled to center , Morneau to second . Dickerson lined out to left . Rosario grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Arenado out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Pagan grounded out to shortstop . Pence homered to right ( 382 feet ) . Posey struck out swinging . Morse walked . Sandoval doubled to deep center , Morse scored . Hicks flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Huff pitching for Giants . LeMahieu flied out to right . Chacin hit for Kahnle . Chacin singled to left . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Chacin out at second . Cuddyer singled to right , Blackmon to third . Tulowitzki walked , Cuddyer to second . Morneau fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Masset pitching for Rockies . Crawford singled to center . Colvin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crawford out at second . Huff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Huff pitching for Giants . Arenado singled to right . Dickerson singled to right , Arenado to third . Rosario grounded into double play , second to first , Arenado scored , Dickerson out at second . LeMahieu lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Masset pitching for Rockies . Pagan reached on infield single to pitcher . Pence grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pagan out at second . Posey singled to center . Morse struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Barnes hit for Masset . Huff pitching for Giants . Barnes grounded out to first . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . Cuddyer singled to center . Rutledge hit for Tulowitzki . Culberson stole second . Rutledge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Sandoval flied out to center . Duffy struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Morneau grounded out to second . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . Dickerson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Susac singled to left . Blanco sacrificed to pitcher , Susac to second . Pagan struck out swinging , Susac to third . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Pence doubled to deep right , Susac scored . Posey reached on infield single to third , Pence to third . Ishikawa hit for Affeldt . Ishikawa singled to right , Pence scored , Posey out stretching at third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Romo pitching for Giants . McKenry struck out looking . LeMahieu flied out to center . Barnes singled to center . Blackmon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Brown pitching for Rockies . Sandoval grounded out to second . Panik hit for Duffy . Panik grounded out to second . Crawford walked . Susac struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Paulsen hit for Brown . Casilla pitching for Giants . Paulsen singled to right . Rutledge grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first to shortstop to second , Paulsen out at second . Morneau singled to center . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 4 - Rockies 2 .	Giants finish off Rockies to win resumed game