Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Parra doubled to deep right . Owings singled to center , Parra to third . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to second , Parra scored , Owings to second . Montero reached on bunt single to third , Owings to third , Goldschmidt to second . Prado hit sacrifice fly to right , Owings scored . Hill flied out to left . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Montero out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon homered to right ( 399 feet ) . Stubbs grounded out to third . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . Cuddyer popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Inciarte grounded out to pitcher . Arroyo struck out swinging . Parra lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Dickerson popped out to shortstop . Rosario struck out swinging . Culberson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Owings struck out swinging . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Montero homered to right ( 376 feet ) . Prado reached on infield single to second . Hill grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu flied out to center . Nicasio lined out to center . Blackmon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Peralta singled to left center . Inciarte lined out to left . Arroyo sacrificed to pitcher , Peralta to second . Peralta to third on wild pitch by Nicasio . Parra walked . Owings doubled to left , Peralta scored , Parra thrown out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Stubbs grounded out to third . Tulowitzki doubled to deep left center . Cuddyer struck out looking . Dickerson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 366 feet ) . Montero grounded out to first . Prado grounded out to second . Hill lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Culberson doubled to deep right center . LeMahieu singled to center , Culberson scored . Nicasio grounded out to first , LeMahieu to second . Blackmon intentionally walked . LeMahieu stole third . Blackmon stole second . Stubbs lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Peralta doubled to right . Inciarte struck out swinging . Arroyo singled to center , Peralta to third . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Parra doubled to deep left center , Peralta scored , Arroyo to third . Owings hit sacrifice fly to center , Arroyo scored , Parra to third . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki homered to left ( 393 feet ) . Cuddyer doubled to left . Dickerson grounded out to shortstop , Cuddyer to third . Rosario struck out swinging . Culberson popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Montero grounded out to second . Prado singled to right . Hill struck out swinging . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Prado out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu walked . Wheeler hit for Kahnle . Wheeler grounded out to pitcher , LeMahieu to second . Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop , LeMahieu to third . Stubbs reached on infield single to catcher , LeMahieu scored . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Stubbs stole second . Tulowitzki walked . Cuddyer singled to center , Stubbs scored , Tulowitzki to second . Dickerson singled to right , Tulowitzki scored , Cuddyer to third . Dickerson stole second . Rosario walked . Morneau hit for Culberson . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Morneau grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Cuddyer at third base . Morneau at first base . Martin pitching for Rockies . Inciarte grounded out to second . Chavez hit for Perez . Chavez walked . Parra struck out looking . Owings homered to left ( 397 feet ) , Chavez scored . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu grounded out to third . Barnes hit for Martin . Barnes inside - the - park home run ( 415 feet ) to deep center . Blackmon grounded out to first . Stubbs struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Montero reached on infield single to shortstop . Prado reached on infield single to third , Montero to second . Hill singled to shallow left center , Montero scored , Prado to third . Peralta flied out to left . Inciarte singled to right , Prado scored , Hill to second . Ross hit for Ziegler . Ross singled to left , Hill scored , Inciarte to second . Parra grounded out to first , Inciarte to third , Ross to second . Owings lined out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki lined out to left . Cuddyer grounded out to first . Dickerson safe at first on error by first baseman Goldschmidt . Rosario flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 12 - Rockies 7 .	Owings leads D - backs to 12 - 7 win over Rockies