Dodgers - Top 1st . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Gordon lined out to first . Ramirez struck out swinging . Puig struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon lined out to shortstop . Stubbs flied out to center . Dickerson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez lined out to third . Kemp singled to center , Kemp out stretching at second . Ethier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to second . Morneau fouled out to left , Tulowitzki to second . McKenry singled to center , Tulowitzki scored . Wheeler grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , McKenry out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Turner struck out looking . Federowicz grounded out to pitcher . Greinke doubled to left . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Rutledge struck out swinging . Chacin struck out looking . Blackmon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Puig walked . Gonzalez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Puig out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Figgins at second base . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Stubbs singled to center . Dickerson grounded out to second , Stubbs to second . Tulowitzki popped out to shortstop . Morneau lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Kemp flied out to right . Ethier singled to center . Turner flied out to right . Federowicz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ethier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Van Slyke in right field . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . McKenry singled to left . McKenry to second on wild pitch by Greinke . Wheeler singled to center , McKenry to third . Rutledge singled to center , McKenry scored , Wheeler to third . Chacin bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Wheeler out at home , Rutledge to third , Chacin to second on the throw . Blackmon singled to right , Rutledge scored , Chacin to third . Stubbs struck out swinging . Dickerson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Greinke flied out to center . Figgins flied out to right . Ramirez walked . Van Slyke singled to left , Ramirez to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Tulowitzki singled to center . Morneau singled to center , Tulowitzki to second . McKenry grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morneau out at second , Tulowitzki to third . Wheeler walked . Rutledge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Kemp walked . Ethier singled to right , Kemp to third . Turner singled to right , Kemp scored , Ethier to second . Masset pitching for Rockies . Culberson at third base . Federowicz homered to left center ( 441 feet ) , Ethier and Turner scored . Greinke grounded out to third . Figgins flied out to left . Ramirez walked . Ramirez stole second . Van Slyke walked . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Culberson struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . Stubbs reached on infield single to third , Stubbs to second on throwing error by third baseman Turner . Dickerson singled to right center , Stubbs scored . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 8th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Kemp tripled to deep center . Ethier grounded out to second . Blackmon in center field . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Barnes in right field . Turner grounded out to third . Federowicz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . League pitching for Dodgers . Morneau flied out to left . McKenry grounded out to shortstop . Barnes singled to center . Rutledge singled to center , Barnes to third . Culberson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Romak hit for League . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Romak flied out to right . Figgins singled to center . Ramirez struck out looking , Figgins stole second . Van Slyke walked . LeMahieu at third base . Morales pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon grounded out to first . LeMahieu singled to left center . LeMahieu caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Dickerson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 10th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Kemp lined out to shortstop . Ethier grounded out to second . Turner singled to left . Federowicz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Turner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 10th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Morneau singled to right center . McKenry struck out swinging . Barnes tripled to deep right center , Morneau scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 4 - Rockies 5 .	Rockies edge Dodgers in 10th to snap skid