Braves - Top 1st . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Heyward doubled to deep center . Upton tripled to right center , Heyward scored . Freeman grounded out to first , Upton scored . Upton reached on infield single to first . Gattis singled to left , Upton to second . Johnson singled to right center , Upton to third , Gattis to second . La Stella singled to left , Upton scored , Gattis to third , Johnson to second . Simmons homered to center ( 421 feet ) , Gattis , Johnson and La Stella scored . Minor popped out to shortstop . Heyward popped out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Schafer in left field . Minor pitching for Braves . Barnes singled to center . Dickerson walked , Barnes to second . Tulowitzki hit by pitch , Barnes to third , Dickerson to second . Rosario singled to left , Barnes scored , Dickerson to third , Tulowitzki to second . Stubbs popped out to second . Morneau hit sacrifice fly to right , Dickerson scored . Rutledge walked , Tulowitzki to third , Rosario to second . Tulowitzki scored , Rosario to third , Rutledge to second on passed ball by Gattis . LeMahieu walked . Nicasio struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Upton flied out to right . Freeman struck out swinging . Schafer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Minor pitching for Braves . Barnes struck out swinging . Dickerson reached on infield single to third . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Dickerson out at second . Rosario flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Gattis walked . Johnson singled to left , Gattis to second . La Stella grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second , Gattis to third . Simmons intentionally walked . Minor singled to left , Gattis scored , Simmons to second . Heyward grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Minor pitching for Braves . Stubbs singled to left center . Morneau singled to center , Stubbs to third , Morneau out stretching at second . Rutledge singled to left , Stubbs scored . LeMahieu bunt grounded out to pitcher , Rutledge to second . Nicasio singled to center , Rutledge scored . Barnes lined out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Upton flied out to center . Freeman homered to left ( 372 feet ) . Schafer struck out swinging . Gattis homered to left ( 416 feet ) . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Johnson lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Minor pitching for Braves . Dickerson struck out swinging . Tulowitzki popped out to shortstop . Rosario homered to center ( 468 feet ) . Stubbs singled to center . Morneau grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stubbs out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . La Stella grounded out to shortstop . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . Minor grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Minor pitching for Braves . Rutledge tripled to deep right . LeMahieu singled to center , Rutledge scored . Culberson hit for Kahnle . Hale pitching for Braves . Culberson lined out to second . LeMahieu stole second . Barnes grounded out to third . Dickerson singled to left , LeMahieu scored . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Heyward grounded out to first . Upton walked . Freeman grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Upton out at second . Schafer singled to right , Freeman to second . Freeman to third , Schafer to second on wild pitch by Bettis , Freeman scored , Schafer safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rosario . Gattis singled to left , Schafer scored . Johnson singled to center , Gattis to second . La Stella singled to left , Gattis scored , Johnson to second . Simmons lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Hale pitching for Braves . Rosario popped out to shortstop . Stubbs lined out to right . Morneau grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Hale singled to left center . Heyward flied out to center . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hale out at second . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Hale pitching for Braves . Rutledge reached on infield single to second . Rutledge to second on wild pitch by Hale . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop , Rutledge to third . Wheeler hit for Martin . Avilan pitching for Braves . Wheeler hit sacrifice fly to center , Rutledge scored . Barnes grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Schafer lined out to center . Gattis struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Walden pitching for Braves . Dickerson walked . Dickerson stole second . Dickerson to third on wild pitch by Walden . Tulowitzki walked . Rosario walked , Tulowitzki to second . Stubbs popped out to shortstop . Simmons pitching for Braves . Morneau hit sacrifice fly to center , Dickerson scored , Tulowitzki to third , Rosario to second . Rutledge struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Masset pitching for Rockies . La Stella grounded out to first . Simmons struck out swinging . Doumit hit for Simmons . Doumit hit by pitch . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Heyward lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Pena at second base . Kimbrel pitching for Braves . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Blackmon hit for Brothers . Blackmon struck out swinging . Barnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 13 - Rockies 10 .	Braves hit 3 home runs in 13 - 10 win over Rockies .