Rockies - Top 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Blackmon singled to center . Blackmon to second on wild pitch by Bumgarner . Barnes struck out swinging . Tulowitzki walked . Rosario grounded into double play , second to first , Tulowitzki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Blanco grounded out to first . Pence struck out swinging . Posey singled to right . Sandoval walked , Posey to second . Morse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Stubbs grounded out to third . McKenry struck out swinging . Culberson hit by pitch . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Culberson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Colvin walked . Colvin stole second . Crawford walked . Adrianza singled to right , Colvin scored , Crawford to third . Bumgarner sacrificed to catcher , Crawford scored , Adrianza to second , Bumgarner safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Nicasio . Blanco reached on bunt single to pitcher , Adrianza to third , Bumgarner to second . Pence singled to left , Adrianza scored , Bumgarner to third , Blanco to second . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bumgarner out at home , Blanco to third , Pence to second . Sandoval lined out to third . Morse flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Nicasio struck out swinging . Blackmon singled to center . Barnes flied out to right . Tulowitzki homered to left center ( 393 feet ) , Blackmon scored . Rosario grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Colvin reached on infield single to second . Colvin to second on wild pitch by Nicasio . Crawford walked . Morales pitching for Rockies . Adrianza walked , Colvin to third , Crawford to second . Bumgarner struck out swinging . Blanco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Adrianza out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Stubbs struck out looking . McKenry walked . Culberson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , McKenry out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Pence lined out to center . Sanchez hit for Posey . Sanchez homered to left ( 369 feet ) . Sandoval homered to left ( 375 feet ) . Morse flied out to right . Colvin reached on infield single to catcher . Crawford singled to right , Colvin to third . Adrianza fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Sanchez catching . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . LeMahieu walked . Morales sacrificed to pitcher , LeMahieu to second . Blackmon reached on infield single to first , LeMahieu to third . Barnes grounded out to third , LeMahieu scored , Blackmon to second . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to third , Blackmon to third . Rosario struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Bumgarner homered to left center ( 404 feet ) . Blanco struck out swinging . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Stubbs struck out swinging . McKenry struck out swinging . Culberson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Sandoval walked . Morse hit by pitch , Sandoval to second . Colvin singled to center , Sandoval scored , Morse to second . Martin pitching for Rockies . Crawford fouled out to left . Adrianza grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Colvin out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . LeMahieu walked . Rutledge hit for Martin . Rutledge doubled to deep left , LeMahieu scored , Rutledge thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Blackmon flied out to left . Barnes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Hicks hit for Bumgarner . Hicks flied out to left . Blanco struck out looking . Pence flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Gutierrez pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki singled to center . Rosario flied out to right . Stubbs tripled to deep right , Tulowitzki scored . McKenry reached on infield single to shortstop , Stubbs scored . Culberson walked , McKenry to second . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Culberson out at second , McKenry to third . Morneau hit for Belisle . Lopez pitching for Giants . Morneau doubled to deep left , McKenry and LeMahieu scored . Blackmon struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Rosario catching . Masset pitching for Rockies . Morneau at first base . Sanchez fouled out to catcher . Sandoval grounded out to second . Morse singled to center . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Arias hit for Colvin . Arias flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Machi pitching for Giants . Perez in left field . Barnes grounded out to second . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Rosario grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Crawford flied out to left . Adrianza walked . Perez struck out looking . Blanco flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 8 - Giants 7 .	Morneau 's big hit caps sweep of Giants in SF