Rockies - Top 1st . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Dickerson reached on infield single to third . Stubbs walked , Dickerson to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Tulowitzki walked , Dickerson to third , Stubbs to second . Arenado grounded into double play , third to second to first , Tulowitzki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Polanco lined out to left . Marte grounded out to third . McCutchen walked . Martin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Rosario flied out to center . Culberson singled to left center . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Culberson safe at second on error by shortstop Mercer . De La Rosa reached on bunt single to third , Culberson to third , LeMahieu to second . Dickerson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Culberson scored , De La Rosa out at second , LeMahieu to third . Dickerson stole second . Stubbs struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Walker struck out looking . Sanchez doubled to deep right . Alvarez grounded out to second , Sanchez to third . Mercer popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Liriano reached on infield single to pitcher . Polanco flied out to left . Marte walked , Liriano to second . McCutchen flied out to center . Martin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Culberson struck out swinging . LeMahieu flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Walker grounded out to third . Sanchez grounded out to third . Alvarez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Dickerson walked . Stubbs struck out swinging . Dickerson stole second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Liriano grounded out to pitcher . Polanco reached on infield single to pitcher . Marte tripled to left , Polanco scored , Marte out stretching at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Arenado lined out to center . Rosario safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez . Culberson singled to right , Rosario to second . LeMahieu singled to right , Rosario scored , Culberson to third . De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . McCutchen flied out to center . Martin struck out swinging . Walker walked . Sanchez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Dickerson struck out swinging . Stubbs reached on infield single to pitcher , Stubbs to second on throwing error by pitcher Wilson . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Tulowitzki intentionally walked . Arenado popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Alvarez struck out swinging . Mercer singled to left . Harrison hit for Wilson . Mercer to second on wild pitch by Brothers . Harrison safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Arenado . Polanco singled to left , Mercer to third , Harrison to second . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Barnes in center field . Marte hit by pitch , Mercer scored , Harrison to third , Polanco to second . McCutchen struck out swinging . Martin flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Harrison at third base . Rosario singled to right center . Culberson struck out swinging . LeMahieu flied out to right . Barnes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rosario out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Walker singled to right . Sanchez singled to center , Walker to third . Snider hit for Watson . Snider doubled to right , Walker scored , Sanchez to third . Mercer struck out swinging . Martinez ran for Sanchez . Rutledge at second base . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Harrison hit sacrifice fly to center , Martinez scored . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Davis at first base . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Snider in left field . Dickerson singled to right . Rutledge flied out to right . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 2 - Pirates 4 .	Pirates rally late , top Rockies 4 - 2