Nationals - Top 1st . Morales pitching for Rockies . Span singled to center . Rendon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Span out at second . Werth struck out swinging , Rendon stole second . LaRoche walked . Zimmerman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Fister pitching for Nationals . Blackmon doubled to deep right center . Rutledge struck out swinging . Dickerson flied out to right , Blackmon to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Desmond singled to left . Ramos flied out to left . Espinosa grounded into double play , third to second to first , Desmond out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Fister pitching for Nationals . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . Paulsen singled to left . Rosario lined out to center . LeMahieu doubled to right , Paulsen to third . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 3rd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Fister grounded out to first . Span walked . Rendon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Span out at second . Werth singled to right , Rendon to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Fister pitching for Nationals . Blackmon flied out to right . Rutledge grounded out to third . Dickerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman singled to left . Desmond homered to left ( 405 feet ) , Zimmerman scored . Ramos singled to center . Espinosa doubled to deep center , Ramos scored . Fister sacrificed to catcher , Espinosa to third , Fister safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Morales . Espinosa to third on throwing error by pitcher Morales . Span struck out looking . Rendon flied out to center . Werth walked . LaRoche grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez walked . Arenado grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . Paulsen lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman flied out to center . Desmond singled to center . Ramos grounded out to third , Desmond to second . Desmond to third on wild pitch by Morales . Espinosa intentionally walked . Fister grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Rosario flied out to center . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Morales singled to left . Blackmon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Span grounded out to first . Rendon grounded out to third . Werth doubled to deep center . LaRoche grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Fister pitching for Nationals . Rutledge singled to center . Dickerson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rutledge out at second . Gonzalez singled to center , Dickerson to third . Arenado singled to left , Dickerson scored , Gonzalez thrown out at third , Arenado to second advancing on throw . Paulsen singled to center , Arenado scored . Rosario singled to right center , Paulsen to third . LeMahieu walked , Rosario to second . Barnes hit for Morales . Barrett pitching for Nationals . Barnes struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman walked . Desmond singled to right , Zimmerman to second . Ramos singled to right , Zimmerman scored , Desmond to second , Desmond to third advancing on throw . Desmond scored , Ramos to second on wild pitch by Kahnle . Espinosa grounded out to first , Ramos to third . Harper hit for Barrett . Harper struck out swinging . Span struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Blevins pitching for Nationals . Blackmon grounded out to pitcher . Rutledge grounded out to third . Dickerson singled to right center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Rendon struck out swinging . Werth grounded out to third . LaRoche grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Blevins pitching for Nationals . Arenado lined out to center . Paulsen lined out to right . Rosario flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Desmond reached on infield single to third . Ramos grounded out to first , Desmond to second . Espinosa tripled to deep right center , Desmond scored . Frandsen hit for Blevins . Frandsen grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . LeMahieu struck out looking . Culberson hit for Hawkins . Culberson lined out to second . Blackmon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 7 - Rockies 2 .	Desmond lifts Nationals to 7 - 2 win over Rockies