Nationals - Top 1st . Flande pitching for Rockies . Span grounded out to third . Rendon grounded out to third . Werth popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Blackmon reached on infield single to second . Rutledge lined out to center . Dickerson hit ground rule double to deep left , Blackmon to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Arenado lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Flande pitching for Rockies . LaRoche grounded out to first . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Harper walked . Desmond singled to center , Harper thrown out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Paulsen doubled to deep right . Rosario grounded out to second , Paulsen to third . LeMahieu tripled to deep right , Paulsen scored . Flande struck out swinging . Blackmon popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Flande pitching for Rockies . Ramos grounded out to third . Zimmermann grounded out to second . Span grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Rutledge tripled to deep right . Dickerson lined out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Arenado homered to center ( 420 feet ) , Rutledge scored . Paulsen grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Rendon singled to left center . Werth grounded out to first , Rendon to second . LaRoche grounded out to second , Rendon to third . Zimmerman lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Rosario struck out looking . LeMahieu singled to right . Flande sacrificed to pitcher , LeMahieu to second . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Harper walked . Desmond doubled to deep left , Harper to third . Ramos grounded out to shortstop , Harper scored , Desmond to third . Zimmermann hit sacrifice fly to center , Desmond scored . Span grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Rutledge lined out to left . Dickerson homered to right ( 433 feet ) . Gonzalez struck out looking . Arenado flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Rendon doubled to deep center . Werth lined out to center . LaRoche singled to right , Rendon to third . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rendon scored , LaRoche out at second . Espinosa ran for Zimmerman . Harper singled to center , Espinosa to third . Desmond hit by pitch , Harper to second . Ramos reached on infield single to second , Espinosa scored , Harper to third , Desmond to second . McLouth hit for Zimmermann . McLouth grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Rendon at third base . Espinosa at second base . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Paulsen reached on infield single to second . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Paulsen out at second . LeMahieu singled to center , Rosario to second . Barnes hit for Bettis . Barnes grounded into double play , third to second to first , LeMahieu out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Brown pitching for Rockies . Span walked . Rendon singled to left center , Span to second . Werth struck out swinging . Brothers pitching for Rockies . LaRoche homered to right center ( 421 feet ) , Span and Rendon scored . Espinosa grounded out to second . Harper singled to center . Harper to second on balk by Brothers . Desmond struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Blackmon grounded out to first . Rutledge singled to right . Dickerson struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to right center , Rutledge to third . Arenado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Ramos grounded out to second . Hairston hit for Storen . Hairston flied out to left . Span grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Paulsen flied out to right . Rosario flied out to right . LeMahieu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Masset pitching for Rockies . Rendon flied out to right . Werth doubled to deep center . LaRoche grounded out to first , Werth to third . Espinosa lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Soriano pitching for Nationals . Stubbs hit for Masset . Stubbs doubled to right . Blackmon struck out swinging . Stubbs to third on fielder 's indifference . Rutledge flied out to right . Dickerson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 7 - Rockies 4 .	LaRoche 's HR rallies Nationals past Rockies , 7 - 4 .