Rockies - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Blackmon struck out swinging . Rutledge grounded out to shortstop . Dickerson safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler . Arenado walked , Dickerson to second . Dickerson out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Morneau batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Davis doubled to right . Kinsler singled to left center , Davis to third . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Davis scored , Kinsler out at second . Martinez lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Morneau singled to center . Stubbs doubled to left , Morneau scored . Rosario flied out to center , Stubbs to third . McKenry walked . Culberson grounded out to shortstop , Stubbs scored , McKenry to second . Blackmon flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Hunter walked . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hunter out at second . Castellanos struck out swinging , Martinez stole second . Avila singled to right , Martinez scored . Suarez flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Rutledge singled to left . Dickerson struck out swinging . Rutledge caught stealing second , catcher to second . Arenado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler flied out to right . Cabrera homered to center ( 445 feet ) . Martinez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Morneau flied out to center . Stubbs tripled to deep right . Rosario struck out swinging . McKenry struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Hunter singled to left . Martinez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hunter out at second . Castellanos tripled to deep center . Avila doubled to deep left , Castellanos scored . Suarez singled to center , Avila scored . Davis lined out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Culberson struck out looking . Blackmon struck out swinging . Rutledge flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Kinsler reached on infield single to pitcher , Kinsler to third on throwing error by pitcher Matzek . Cabrera intentionally walked . Martinez homered to left ( 402 feet ) , Kinsler and Cabrera scored . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Martinez flied out to right . Castellanos struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Dickerson struck out swinging . Arenado grounded out to third . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Avila struck out swinging . Suarez singled to center . Davis singled to right , Suarez to third , Davis to second advancing on throw . Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop , Suarez scored , Davis to third . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to first , Kinsler out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Stubbs struck out swinging . Rosario struck out swinging . McKenry struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Martinez flied out to center . Hunter lined out to center . Martinez homered to right ( 371 feet ) . Castellanos flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Kelly at first base . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Culberson singled to left . Blackmon grounded out to second , Culberson to second . Rutledge grounded out to third , Culberson to third . Dickerson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Avila doubled to deep left center . Suarez grounded out to shortstop , Avila to third . Davis singled to right center , Avila scored . Romine hit for Kinsler . Romine struck out swinging . Kelly struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Davis in left field . Romine at second base . Carrera in center field . Martinez in right field . McCoy pitching for Tigers . Arenado walked . Barnes hit for Morneau . Barnes doubled to deep right , Arenado to third . Stubbs reached on infield single to shortstop , Arenado scored , Barnes to third . Rosario doubled to left , Barnes scored , Stubbs to third . Coke pitching for Tigers . McKenry walked . Culberson struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded out to second , Stubbs scored , Rosario to third , McKenry to second . Rutledge struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Tigers 11 .	Tigers hammer Rockies 11 - 5