Cubs - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Alcantara grounded out to shortstop . Baez struck out swinging . Rizzo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Blackmon out on batter 's interference to catcher . Wood pitching for Cubs . Blackmon batting . Rutledge walked . Arenado flied out to right . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Ruggiano singled to left . Valbuena grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ruggiano out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Wood pitching for Cubs . Stubbs singled to center . Rosario singled to left , Stubbs to second . Barnes doubled to left , Stubbs and Rosario scored , Barnes out stretching at third . LeMahieu flied out to right . Anderson doubled to deep right . Blackmon flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Castillo lined out to center . Lake struck out swinging . Wood grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Wood pitching for Cubs . Rutledge flied out to right . Arenado popped out to shortstop . Morneau lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Alcantara lined out to center . Morales pitching for Rockies . Baez grounded out to third . Rizzo lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Stubbs grounded out to shortstop . Rosario flied out to right . Barnes lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Castro struck out swinging . Ruggiano grounded out to third . Valbuena grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Wood pitching for Cubs . LeMahieu walked . Morales sacrificed to third , LeMahieu to second . Blackmon popped out to third . Rutledge singled to center , LeMahieu scored . Arenado singled to left , Rutledge to second . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Castillo homered to left ( 432 feet ) . Lake singled to center . Wood sacrificed to pitcher , Lake to second . Alcantara struck out swinging . Baez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Stubbs singled to left . Rosario walked , Stubbs to second . Barnes bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Stubbs out at third , Rosario to second . Rosario to third , Barnes to second on wild pitch by Wood . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Dickerson hit for Morales . Dickerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Rizzo walked . Castro walked , Rizzo to second . Ruggiano struck out swinging . Valbuena walked , Rizzo to third , Castro to second . Masset pitching for Rockies . Castillo walked , Rizzo scored , Castro to third , Valbuena to second . Coghlan hit for Lake . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Coghlan walked , Castro scored , Valbuena to third , Castillo to second . Sweeney ran for Coghlan . Valaika hit for Wood . Valaika hit sacrifice fly to left , Valbuena scored . Alcantara walked , Castillo to third , Sweeney to second . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Baez lined out to right . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Sweeney in left field . Wright pitching for Cubs . Blackmon grounded out to second . Rutledge lined out to right . Arenado homered to left ( 383 feet ) . Morneau popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Rizzo struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Ruggiano grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Grimm pitching for Cubs . Stubbs struck out swinging . Rosario singled to left . Barnes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rosario out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Valbuena reached on bunt single to pitcher , Valbuena to second on throwing error by pitcher Hawkins . Castillo flied out to right , Valbuena to third . Sweeney intentionally walked . Schierholtz hit for Grimm . Schierholtz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sweeney out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Strop pitching for Cubs . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Gonzalez hit for Hawkins . Gonzalez walked . Blackmon flied out to left . Rutledge grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 10th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Alcantara struck out swinging . Baez struck out swinging . Rizzo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 10th . Schlitter pitching for Cubs . Arenado singled to right center . Morneau reached on infield single to third , Arenado to second . Stubbs sacrificed to third , Arenado to third , Morneau to second . Culberson ran for Arenado . Rosario intentionally walked . Barnes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rosario out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 11th . Culberson at third base . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Castro doubled to deep left . Ruggiano grounded out to third . Valbuena walked . Castillo walked , Castro to third , Valbuena to second . Logan pitching for Rockies . Pridie in right field . Sweeney singled to shallow right , Castro scored , Valbuena to third , Castillo to second . Baker hit for Schlitter . Baker struck out looking . Alcantara grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 11th . Rondon pitching for Cubs . LeMahieu lined out to center . Pridie safe at first on error by second baseman Baez . Blackmon singled to right , Pridie to second . Rutledge struck out swinging . Culberson singled to deep right , Pridie scored , Blackmon to third . Morneau struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 12th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Baez homered to right ( 406 feet ) . Rizzo grounded out to second . Castro singled to center . Ruggiano grounded into double play , third to second to first , Castro out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 12th . Villanueva pitching for Cubs . Stubbs struck out swinging . Rosario singled to right . McKenry hit for Logan . McKenry struck out looking . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rosario out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 6 - Rockies 5 .	Baez 's homer in debut lifts Cubs in 12