Rockies - Top 1st . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Blackmon grounded out to pitcher . Rutledge flied out to right . Morneau walked . Arenado doubled to deep left center , Morneau to third . Dickerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Flande pitching for Rockies . Solarte grounded out to pitcher . Medica grounded out to shortstop . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Rosario struck out swinging . Barnes struck out swinging . LeMahieu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Flande pitching for Rockies . Alonso walked . Liriano struck out looking . Grandal singled to center , Alonso to second . Almonte reached on infield single to shortstop , Alonso to third , Grandal to second . Amarista grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Alonso scored , Almonte out at second , Grandal to third . Despaigne grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Flande safe at first on error by pitcher Despaigne . Blackmon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Flande out at second . Rutledge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Flande pitching for Rockies . Solarte grounded out to third . Medica grounded out to first . Gyorko grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Solarte in left field . Medica at first base . Nelson at third base . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Morneau singled to left center . Arenado sacrificed to pitcher , Morneau to second . Dickerson singled to center , Morneau to third , Dickerson to third , Morneau thrown out at home attempting to advance on play . Rosario lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Nelson grounded out to third . Liriano reached on infield single to second . Grandal singled to right center , Liriano to third . Almonte hit sacrifice fly to left , Liriano scored . Amarista grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Barnes struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Flande reached on infield single to shortstop . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Despaigne walked . Solarte grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Despaigne out at second . Medica flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Rutledge grounded out to second . Morneau singled to center . Arenado walked , Morneau to second . Dickerson grounded out to second , Morneau to third , Arenado to second . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop . Nelson flied out to right . Liriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Barnes grounded out to third . LeMahieu flied out to center . Stubbs hit for Flande . Stubbs flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Grandal grounded out to pitcher . Almonte grounded out to shortstop . Amarista grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Quackenbush pitching for Padres . Blackmon fouled out to third . Rutledge fouled out to first . Morneau grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Venable hit for Quackenbush . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Venable safe at first on error by shortstop Rutledge . Venable to second on wild pitch by Kahnle . Solarte grounded out to second , Venable to third . Medica walked . Medica stole second . Gyorko struck out looking . Nelson singled to left , Venable and Medica scored . Liriano walked , Nelson to second . Masset pitching for Rockies . Grandal grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Solarte at third base . Thayer pitching for Padres . Almonte in left field . Venable in center field . Arenado lined out to second . Dickerson homered to right ( 377 feet ) . Rosario struck out swinging . Barnes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 1 - Padres 4 .	Despaigne 's pitching lifts Padres to 4 - 1 win