Marlins - Top 1st . Morales pitching for Rockies . Yelich struck out swinging . Baker struck out looking . Stanton singled to left . Stanton to second on wild pitch by Morales . McGehee struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Blackmon grounded out to pitcher . Stubbs lined out to right . Morneau singled to right . Arenado reached on infield single to second , Morneau to second . Dickerson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Ozuna singled to left . Saltalamacchia singled to right , Ozuna to second . Hechavarria singled to left , Ozuna to third , Saltalamacchia to second . Solano grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ozuna scored , Hechavarria out at second , Saltalamacchia to third . Alvarez hit sacrifice fly to right , Saltalamacchia scored . Yelich lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Rosario struck out swinging . Rutledge grounded out to second . LeMahieu singled to center . Morales struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Baker doubled to deep right . Stanton doubled to deep center , Baker scored . McGehee grounded out to second , Stanton to third . Ozuna hit sacrifice fly to center , Stanton scored . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Blackmon reached on bunt single to third . Stubbs lined out to center . Morneau homered to right ( 426 feet ) , Blackmon scored . Arenado doubled to left . Dickerson lined out to left . Rosario grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Hechavarria bunt grounded out to pitcher . Solano struck out swinging . Alvarez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Rutledge flied out to center . LeMahieu singled to center . Morales sacrificed to third , LeMahieu to second . Blackmon lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Yelich singled to right center . Baker doubled to deep right center , Yelich to third . Stanton intentionally walked . McGehee walked , Yelich scored , Baker to third , Stanton to second . Brown pitching for Rockies . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Baker out at home , Stanton to third , McGehee to second . Saltalamacchia walked , Stanton scored , McGehee to third , Ozuna to second . Hechavarria grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , McGehee out at home . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Stubbs struck out swinging . Morneau grounded out to second . Arenado singled to left . Dickerson homered to right ( 429 feet ) , Arenado scored . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Brown pitching for Rockies . Solano struck out swinging . Alvarez grounded out to second . Yelich reached on infield single to second . Baker singled to right , Yelich to second . Stanton walked , Yelich to third , Baker to second . McGehee grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Rutledge grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu singled to center . McBride hit for Brown . McBride struck out swinging . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Ozuna flied out to right . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Hechavarria walked . Solano doubled to deep right , Hechavarria scored . Valdespin hit for Alvarez . Valdespin walked . Yelich walked , Solano to third , Valdespin to second . Baker lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Stubbs struck out swinging . Morneau grounded out to first . Arenado doubled to left . Dickerson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Masset pitching for Rockies . Stanton struck out swinging . McGehee reached on infield single to shortstop . Ozuna singled to center , McGehee to second . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first , McGehee to third , Ozuna to second . Hechavarria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Morris pitching for Marlins . Jones at first base . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Rutledge struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Solano grounded out to third . Johnson hit for Morris . Johnson hit by pitch . Yelich walked , Johnson to second . Jones walked , Johnson to third , Yelich to second . Stanton singled to center , Johnson and Yelich scored , Jones to second . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . McGehee singled to center , Jones to third , Stanton to second . Ozuna homered to left ( 428 feet ) , Jones , Stanton and McGehee scored . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Hechavarria struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Barnes hit for Nicasio . Barnes tripled to deep right . Blackmon singled to right , Barnes scored . Stubbs struck out swinging . Blackmon to second on wild pitch by Dyson . Morneau walked . Arenado walked , Blackmon to third , Morneau to second . Dickerson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Arenado out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 13 - Rockies 5 .	Ozuna 's slam helps Marlins beat Rockies 13 - 5