Rockies - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon lined out to shortstop . LeMahieu struck out looking . Morneau grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Inciarte walked . Inciarte stole second , Inciarte to third on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Pennington struck out swinging . Hill singled to left center , Inciarte scored . Trumbo singled to center , Hill to second . Pacheco flied out to right . Peralta flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado popped out to shortstop . Dickerson struck out swinging . Barnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Gosewisch struck out swinging . Gregorius struck out swinging . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Culberson struck out swinging . Williams struck out swinging . De La Rosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Inciarte grounded out to first . Pennington struck out swinging . Hill tripled to deep right center . Trumbo walked . Pacheco singled to right , Hill scored , Trumbo to second . Peralta grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon homered to right ( 372 feet ) . LeMahieu flied out to right . Morneau singled to left . Arenado struck out swinging . Dickerson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Gosewisch grounded out to third . Gregorius grounded out to first . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes grounded out to shortstop . Culberson singled to right . Williams reached on infield single to shortstop , Culberson to third . De La Rosa sacrificed to pitcher , Williams to second . Blackmon popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Inciarte singled to right . Pennington sacrificed to third , Inciarte to second . Hill flied out to center . Trumbo lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu grounded out to third . Morneau flied out to right . Arenado singled to deep left . Arenado to second on wild pitch by Anderson . Dickerson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Pacheco grounded out to second . Peralta reached on infield single to second . Gosewisch grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes grounded out to third . Culberson popped out to shortstop . Williams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Gregorius walked . Reimold hit for Marshall . Reimold homered to left ( 393 feet ) , Gregorius scored . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Inciarte singled to right . Pennington grounded out to second , Inciarte to second . Hill doubled to deep right , Inciarte scored , Hill to third on error by shortstop Culberson . Trumbo singled to center , Hill scored . Pacheco grounded out to second , Trumbo to second . Peralta popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 8th . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . McBride hit for Belisle . McBride struck out swinging . Blackmon singled to center . LeMahieu flied out to center . Morneau struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Masset pitching for Rockies . McBride at first base . Gosewisch flied out to right . Gregorius hit ground rule double to deep left . Marte hit for Harris . Marte fouled out to second . Inciarte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Stites pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado flied out to center . Dickerson walked . Barnes doubled to left , Dickerson to third . Culberson hit sacrifice fly to center , Dickerson scored . Williams grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 2 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Anderson lifts D - Backs to 6 - 2 win over Rockies