Rangers - Top 1st . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Kinsler singled to left . Young singled to center , Kinsler to third . Hamilton singled to left , Young to second . Bradley grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Hamilton out at second , Young to third . Young scored on Rogers ' wild pitch . Blalock flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Mendoza pitching for Rangers . Granderson lined out to center . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Guillen singled to center . Ordonez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Botts grounded out to shortstop . Murphy reached on infield single to second . Laird singled to left , Murphy to second . Duran grounded out to second , Murphy to third , Laird to second . Kinsler singled to right , Murphy and Laird scored . Young doubled to left center , Kinsler scored . Hamilton lined out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Mendoza pitching for Rangers . Cabrera walked . Jones singled to right , Cabrera to second . Renteria singled to center , Cabrera to third , Jones to second . Inge singled to center , Cabrera scored , Jones to third , Renteria to second . Santiago safe at second on error by first baseman Botts , Jones and Renteria scored , Inge to third . Granderson grounded out to first . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Guillen singled to deep right , Inge and Santiago scored . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Guillen stole second . Ordonez flied out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 3rd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Bradley singled to left . Blalock flied out to right . Botts grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bradley out at second . Murphy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Cabrera grounded out to second . Jones homered to right . Renteria grounded out to second . Inge struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Laird singled to left . Duran walked , Laird to second . Kinsler sacrificed to first , Laird to third , Duran to second . Young walked . Hamilton walked , Laird scored , Duran to third , Young to second . Rapada pitching for Tigers . Bradley grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hamilton out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Santiago flied out to right . Granderson walked . Rodriguez singled to right , Granderson to second . Guillen walked , Granderson to third , Rodriguez to second . Ordonez hit sacrifice fly to left , Granderson scored . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at third , Guillen to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Rapada pitching for Tigers . Blalock popped out to third . Botts struck out swinging . Murphy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Wright pitching for Rangers . Jones flied out to center . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Inge grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Laird grounded out to third . Duran grounded out to second . Kinsler popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Wright pitching for Rangers . Santiago walked . Granderson singled to right , Santiago to second . Rodriguez sacrificed to pitcher , Santiago to third , Granderson to second . Guillen doubled to right , Santiago and Granderson scored . Ordonez walked . Cabrera homered to right , Guillen and Ordonez scored . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Jones hit by pitch . Renteria singled to center , Jones to second . Inge walked , Jones to third , Renteria to second . Santiago hit by pitch , Jones scored , Renteria to third , Inge to second . Granderson singled to right , Renteria and Inge scored , Santiago to second . Rodriguez doubled to right , Santiago scored , Granderson to third . Guillen hit sacrifice fly to left , Granderson scored . Ordonez singled to center , Rodriguez scored . Cabrera flied out to center . 11 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Raburn at second base . Thames in right field . Santiago at shortstop . Vazquez hit for Young . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Vazquez lined out to first . Broussard hit for Hamilton . Broussard grounded out to first . Catalanotto hit for Bradley . Catalanotto reached on infield single to shortstop . Blalock struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Vazquez at shortstop . Broussard at first base . Botts in left field . Murphy in center field . Duran in right field . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Jones grounded out to second . Raburn walked . Inge walked , Raburn to second . Santiago grounded out to first , Raburn to third , Inge to second . Granderson walked . Rodriguez walked , Raburn scored , Inge to third , Granderson to second . Guillen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Botts struck out swinging . Murphy doubled to left center . Laird struck out swinging . Duran flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Melhuse at third base . Thames grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to right . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Kinsler struck out looking . Vazquez popped out to shortstop . Broussard grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 6 - Tigers 19 .	Cabrera , Guillen fuel Tigers ' rout