Mariners - Top 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to left . Vidro grounded out to first , Suzuki to second . Beltre reached on error by thirdbaseman Vazquez , Suzuki scored . Ibanez homered to right , Beltre scored . Lopez singled to right . Clement singled to center , Lopez to third , Clement to second on error by center fielder Hamilton . Lopez scored , Clement to third on balk by Padilla . Johjima hit sacrifice fly to right , Clement scored . Balentien struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Kinsler doubled to deep left center . Young singled to center , Kinsler scored . Hamilton flied out to center . Bradley walked , Young to second . Boggs grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bradley out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Betancourt popped out to shortstop . Suzuki lined out to center . Vidro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Laird walked . Shelton singled to center , Laird to third . Duran hit sacrifice fly to left , Laird scored . Vazquez walked , Shelton to second . Kinsler struck out looking . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Beltre popped out to shortstop . Ibanez grounded out to third . Lopez doubled to left . Clement lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Hamilton homered to right . Bradley homered to center . Boggs walked . Laird doubled to deep right , Boggs to third . Shelton singled to right center , Boggs scored , Laird to third . Baek pitching for Mariners . Duran grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Laird scored , Shelton out at second . Vazquez grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Johjima struck out swinging . Balentien walked . Betancourt grounded out to second , Balentien to second . Balentien to third on wild pitch by Padilla . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop . Kinsler stole second . Young walked . Hamilton lined out to left . Bradley flied out to left . Boggs walked , Kinsler to third , Young to second . Laird struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Vidro singled to center . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Vidro out at second . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Beltre out at second . Lopez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Shelton walked . Duran grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Shelton out at second . Vazquez singled to right , Duran to third . Kinsler popped out to second . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Clement doubled to right . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Johjima reached on infield single to third . Balentien struck out looking . Betancourt doubled to deep right , Clement scored , Johjima to third . Suzuki struck out swinging . Vidro grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Hamilton flied out to left . Bradley struck out swinging . Boggs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Beltre flied out to right . Ibanez flied out to center . Lopez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Laird reached on bunt single to first . Shelton sacrificed to pitcher , Laird to second . Duran walked . Laird to third , Duran to second on wild pitch by Rowland - Smith . Vazquez struck out swinging . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Kinsler walked . Young safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez , Laird scored , Duran to third , Kinsler to second . Hamilton singled to left , Duran and Kinsler scored , Young to second . Catalanotto hit for Bradley . Catalanotto singled to center , Young scored , Hamilton to third . Boggs grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Murphy in right field . Clement grounded out to pitcher . Johjima doubled to left . Balentien homered to left , Johjima scored . Betancourt lined out to right . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Laird grounded out to shortstop . Shelton walked . Murphy flied out to center . Vazquez walked , Shelton to second . Kinsler singled to left , Shelton to third , Vazquez to second . Young walked , Shelton scored , Vazquez to third , Kinsler to second . Rhodes pitching for Mariners . Hamilton walked , Vazquez scored , Kinsler to third , Young to second . Metcalf hit for Catalanotto . Metcalf fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Vidro grounded out to second . Beltre singled to center . Ibanez doubled to deep center , Beltre scored . Lopez reached on infield single to second , Ibanez to third . Clement struck out looking . Johjima homered to left , Ibanez and Lopez scored . Wright pitching for Rangers . Balentien flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Boggs struck out looking . Laird struck out swinging . Shelton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 10th . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Betancourt grounded out to second . Suzuki lined out to second . Vidro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 10th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Murphy struck out looking . Vazquez homered to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 12 - Rangers 13 .	Vazquez hits walk - off HR as Rangers top M 's in 10