Mariners - Top 1st . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to first . Cairo grounded out to shortstop . Beltre flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Kinsler safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre . Catalanotto struck out looking , Kinsler stole second . Young grounded out to second , Kinsler to third . Hamilton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 2nd . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Ibanez reached on infield single to shortstop . Lopez singled to right , Ibanez to second . Johjima flied out to center . Balentien struck out looking . Clement fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Murphy singled to center . Boggs doubled to left , Murphy to third . Laird singled to left , Murphy scored , Boggs to third . Shelton struck out swinging . Vazquez walked , Laird to second . Kinsler grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Boggs out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Betancourt grounded out to second . Suzuki walked . Cairo popped out to shortstop . Beltre singled to center , Suzuki to second . Ibanez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop . Young walked . Young stole second . Hamilton walked . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hamilton out at second , Young to third . Boggs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Lopez grounded out to third . Johjima grounded out to third . Balentien struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Laird walked . Shelton flied out to right . Vazquez singled to right , Laird to third . Laird scored , Vazquez to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Kinsler fouled out to third . Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Clement grounded out to first . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton grounded out to first . Murphy doubled to right . Boggs grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Cairo singled to right . Beltre flied out to left . Ibanez doubled to deep center , Cairo to third . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Lopez hit sacrifice fly to center , Cairo scored . Johjima doubled to left , Ibanez scored . Balentien walked . Clement walked , Johjima to third , Balentien to second . Betancourt lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Laird singled to center , Laird to second on error by left fielder Ibanez . Shelton sacrificed to catcher , Laird to third . Vazquez hit sacrifice fly to left , Laird scored . Kinsler walked . Catalanotto flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Suzuki flied out to right . Cairo lined out to right . Beltre lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Young flied out to right . Hamilton flied out to right . Murphy lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Ibanez flied out to center . Lopez singled to left . Johjima flied out to center . Balentien struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Green pitching for Mariners . Boggs grounded out to second . Laird safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt . Shelton walked , Laird to second . Vazquez singled to right , Laird scored , Shelton to third , Vazquez to second on error by right fielder Balentien . Kinsler hit sacrifice fly to right , Shelton scored , Vazquez to third . Catalanotto grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Guardado pitching for Rangers . Clement flied out to center . Betancourt struck out looking . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 2 - Rangers 5 .	Sloppy play dooms Mariners in loss to Rangers