Astros - Top 1st . Ponson pitching for Rangers . Pence grounded out to third . Matsui doubled to deep center . Tejada struck out swinging . Berkman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Chacon pitching for Astros . Kinsler flied out to left . Young safe at first on error by second baseman Matsui . Hamilton singled to left , Young to second . Bradley lined out to left . Murphy singled to center , Young scored , Hamilton to second . Boggs doubled to deep right center , Hamilton and Murphy scored . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 2nd . Ponson pitching for Rangers . Lee doubled to deep left center . Erstad doubled to right , Lee scored . Wigginton grounded out to second , Erstad to third . Bourn grounded out to shortstop , Erstad scored . Towles grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Chacon pitching for Astros . Saltalamacchia popped out to first . Vazquez grounded out to second . Kinsler walked . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Ponson pitching for Rangers . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Matsui flied out to left . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Chacon pitching for Astros . Hamilton homered to right center . Bradley lined out to center . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . Boggs walked . Catalanotto grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Ponson pitching for Rangers . Berkman flied out to left . Lee grounded out to third . Erstad flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Chacon pitching for Astros . Saltalamacchia homered to right . Vazquez walked . Kinsler walked , Vazquez to second . Young lined out to right . Hamilton homered to right , Vazquez and Kinsler scored . Borkowski pitching for Astros . Bradley reached on infield single to third . Murphy popped out to shortstop . Boggs grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Ponson pitching for Rangers . Wigginton singled to center . Bourn safe at first on error by pitcher Ponson , Wigginton to second . Wigginton to third , Bourn to second on wild pitch by Ponson . Towles grounded out to shortstop , Wigginton scored , Bourn to third . Pence reached on infield single to third , Bourn scored . Matsui grounded out to second , Pence to second . Tejada doubled to deep right , Pence scored . Berkman reached on infield single to first , Tejada to third . Lee singled to right , Tejada scored , Berkman to second . Erstad doubled to left , Berkman scored , Lee thrown out at home . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Borkowski pitching for Astros . Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Vazquez reached on infield single to shortstop . Kinsler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Wigginton popped out to second . Bourn singled to center . Towles flied out to left . Bourn stole second . Pence walked . Matsui singled to center , Bourn scored , Pence to third . Tejada struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Borkowski pitching for Astros . Young flied out to left . Wright pitching for Astros . Hamilton reached on infield single to third , Hamilton to second on throwing error by third baseman Wigginton . Bradley intentionally walked . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hamilton to third , Bradley safe at second on error by shortstop Tejada . Boggs grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Hamilton out at home , Bradley to third , Murphy to second . Shelton hit for Catalanotto . Shelton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Shelton at first base . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Berkman singled to right . Wright pitching for Rangers . Lee flied out to right . Berkman picked off first . Erstad grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Wright pitching for Astros . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Vazquez grounded out to second . Kinsler walked . Kinsler stole second . Young singled to right , Kinsler scored , Young to second advancing on throw . Hamilton tripled to right , Young scored . Brocail pitching for Astros . Bradley struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop . Bourn grounded out to first . Towles flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Villarreal pitching for Astros . Murphy homered to right center . Boggs flied out to right . Shelton homered to right . Saltalamacchia safe at first on error by catcher Towles . Vazquez grounded out to second , Saltalamacchia to second . Kinsler tripled to deep left , Saltalamacchia scored . Young homered to left , Kinsler scored . Hamilton walked . Bradley singled to center , Hamilton to second . Murphy singled to center , Hamilton scored , Bradley to second , Bradley to third , Murphy to second on error by center fielder Bourn . Boggs grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Pence struck out looking . Matsui grounded out to first . Tejada grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 8 - Rangers 16 .	Hamilton 's 2 HRs help Rangers rout Astros