Rangers - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Twins . Kinsler singled to left . Young doubled to right , Kinsler to third . Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to left , Kinsler scored . Bradley singled to center , Young scored . Murphy doubled to deep right , Bradley to third . Laird reached on infield single to shortstop , Bradley scored , Murphy to third , Laird to second on throwing error by first baseman Cuddyer . Byrd grounded out to shortstop , Murphy scored . Vazquez walked . Shelton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vazquez out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Gomez singled to right . Harris flied out to right . Cuddyer singled to center , Gomez to third . Morneau walked , Cuddyer to second . Young grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Morneau out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Twins . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Young lined out to first . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . Redmond singled to right . Lamb flied out to center . Casilla doubled to center , Redmond to third . Gomez singled to right , Redmond and Casilla scored . Harris fouled out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Twins . Bradley walked . Murphy flied out to center . Laird grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bradley out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Twins . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . Vazquez doubled to deep right . Shelton grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . Redmond flied out to right . Lamb grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Twins . Young singled to center . Hamilton singled to left center , Young to second . Bradley fouled out to left . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hamilton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Casilla flied out to center . Gomez homered to left center . Harris grounded out to first . Cuddyer reached on infield single to second . Morneau walked , Cuddyer to second . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Twins . Laird hit by pitch . Byrd reached on infield single to first , Laird to second . Vazquez sacrificed to third , Laird to third , Byrd to second . Shelton doubled to deep left , Laird and Byrd scored . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Kinsler reached on bunt single to pitcher , Shelton to third . Kinsler stole second . Young walked . Hamilton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Young out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Wright pitching for Rangers . Monroe struck out swinging . Redmond grounded out to shortstop . Lamb singled to right center . Casilla walked , Lamb to second . Gomez hit by pitch , Lamb to third , Casilla to second . Harris walked , Lamb scored , Casilla to third , Gomez to second . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Cuddyer walked , Casilla scored , Gomez to third , Harris to second . Morneau popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Bradley walked . Murphy singled to left , Bradley to second . Laird grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bradley scored on throwing error by pitcher Guerrier , Murphy safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Guerrier . Byrd grounded out to third . Vazquez intentionally walked . Shelton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vazquez out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 7th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Young grounded out to shortstop . Monroe struck out swinging . Redmond singled to right center . Lamb grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Crain pitching for Twins . Kinsler flied out to right . Young flied out to right . Hamilton singled to center . Hamilton stole second . Bradley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Casilla singled to right center . Gomez reached on bunt single to pitcher , Casilla to second . Harris sacrificed to pitcher , Casilla to third , Gomez to second . Cuddyer walked . Morneau singled to center , Casilla and Gomez scored , Cuddyer to second . Young lined into double play , shortstop to second , Cuddyer doubled off second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Murphy singled to center . Murphy stole second . Laird struck out swinging . Byrd struck out swinging . Vazquez intentionally walked . Saltalamacchia hit for Shelton . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Vazquez at first base . Duran at third base . Mauer hit for Monroe . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Mauer struck out swinging . Kubel hit for Redmond . Kubel walked . Lamb struck out swinging . Casilla flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 10th . Mauer catching . Kubel in right field . Bass pitching for Twins . Kinsler struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . Hamilton homered to left . Bradley doubled to deep right . Murphy intentionally walked . Laird grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 10th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Gomez flied out to center . Harris grounded out to shortstop . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 8 - Twins 7 .	Hamilton 's homer lifts Rangers past Twins in 10