Rangers - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Kinsler struck out swinging . Young walked . Hamilton doubled to right , Young to third . Bradley walked . Murphy doubled to deep center , Young , Hamilton and Bradley scored . Boggs grounded out to second , Murphy to third . Shelton singled to center , Murphy scored . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Sizemore walked . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sizemore out at second . Hafner walked , Carroll to second . Francisco doubled to deep left , Carroll scored , Hafner to third . Hafner scored , Francisco to third on wild pitch by Gabbard . Garko grounded out to third . Peralta walked . Blake walked , Peralta to second . Shoppach struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Vazquez flied out to left . Kinsler walked . Young grounded out to pitcher , Kinsler to second . Hamilton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Gutierrez doubled to deep left center . Sizemore walked . Carroll sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gutierrez to third , Sizemore to second . Hafner hit sacrifice fly to center , Gutierrez scored , Sizemore to third . Francisco struck out swinging . Garko flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Bradley doubled to deep right . Murphy reached on infield single to first , Bradley to third . Boggs walked , Murphy to second . Julio pitching for Indians . Shelton walked , Bradley scored , Murphy to third , Boggs to second . Saltalamacchia homered to right , Murphy , Boggs and Shelton scored . Vazquez doubled to deep right center . Kinsler doubled to deep center , Vazquez scored . Young reached on infield single to shortstop , Kinsler to third . Hamilton struck out swinging . Bradley hit sacrifice fly to center , Kinsler scored . Murphy flied out to center . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Peralta walked . Blake flied out to left . Shoppach struck out swinging . Gutierrez singled to right , Peralta to second . Sizemore homered to right , Peralta and Gutierrez scored . Loe pitching for Rangers . Carroll grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Julio pitching for Indians . Boggs singled to left . Shelton lined into double play , shortstop to first , Boggs doubled off first . Saltalamacchia walked . Vazquez doubled to right , Saltalamacchia to third . Lewis pitching for Indians . Kinsler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Hafner grounded out to first . Francisco singled to left . Garko grounded out to third , Francisco to second . Peralta lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Young flied out to center . Hamilton grounded out to second . Bradley doubled to deep left . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Blake popped out to second . Shoppach fouled out to catcher . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Boggs singled to center . Boggs out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Shelton walked . Saltalamacchia hit ground rule double to left , Shelton to third . Vazquez hit sacrifice fly to right , Shelton scored , Saltalamacchia to third . Kinsler flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Sizemore tripled to deep center . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sizemore out at home . Hafner singled to right , Carroll to second . Francisco doubled to deep left , Carroll scored , Hafner to third . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Garko struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Indians . Young lined out to right . Hamilton flied out to left . Bradley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Blake walked . Shoppach walked , Blake to second . Gutierrez struck out looking . Guardado pitching for Rangers . Sizemore flied out to left . Carroll doubled to deep right center , Blake and Shoppach scored . Hafner grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Murphy singled to center . Boggs sacrificed to pitcher , Murphy to second . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Shelton walked . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . Vazquez doubled to deep right , Murphy scored , Shelton to third . Kinsler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Wright pitching for Rangers . Francisco struck out swinging . Garko lined out to pitcher . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Young grounded out to third . Hamilton singled to right . Bradley struck out looking . Murphy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Byrd in center field . Murphy in right field . Wright pitching for Rangers . Blake grounded out to shortstop . Aubrey hit for Shoppach . Aubrey lined out to right . Gutierrez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 13 - Indians 9 .	Rangers rock Carmona , win slugfest over Indians