Indians - Top 1st . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Sizemore flied out to center . Francisco reached on infield single to third . Martinez singled to right , Francisco to second . Garko struck out swinging . Peralta lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Laffey pitching for Indians . Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kinsler out at second . Hamilton struck out swinging . Bradley hit by pitch , Young to second . Murphy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Dellucci doubled to deep left . Blake homered to right , Dellucci scored . Choo walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . Sizemore walked , Choo to second . Francisco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sizemore out at second , Choo to third . Martinez grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Laffey pitching for Indians . Byrd reached on infield single to shortstop . Byrd caught stealing second , catcher to second . Shelton doubled to deep right . Saltalamacchia singled to left , Shelton scored . Metcalf grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Saltalamacchia out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Garko singled to left . Peralta singled to left , Garko to second . Dellucci grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Peralta out at second , Garko to third . Blake homered to left , Garko scored . Choo reached on bunt single to third . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Choo scored . Sizemore struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Laffey pitching for Indians . Kinsler grounded out to third . Young singled to right . Hamilton homered to left center , Young scored . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . Murphy flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Francisco flied out to left . Martinez walked . Garko singled to left , Martinez to second . Peralta singled to left , Martinez to third , Garko to second . Dellucci struck out looking . Blake doubled to deep right , Martinez , Garko and Peralta scored . Tejeda pitching for Rangers . Choo walked . Cabrera flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Byrd grounded out to first . Shelton walked . Saltalamacchia singled to right , Shelton to third . Metcalf grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Saltalamacchia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Tejeda pitching for Rangers . Sizemore grounded out to shortstop . Francisco lined out to shortstop . Martinez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Kinsler doubled to deep right center . Young singled to center , Kinsler scored . Hamilton singled to right , Young to third . Bradley walked , Hamilton to second . Murphy fouled out to first . Byrd homered to right , Young , Hamilton and Bradley scored . Shelton struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Tejeda pitching for Rangers . Garko flied out to center . Peralta struck out swinging . Dellucci walked . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dellucci out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Metcalf grounded out to third . Kinsler struck out swinging . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Guardado pitching for Rangers . Choo flied out to left . Cabrera singled to center . Sizemore struck out swinging . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Francisco homered to left , Cabrera scored . Martinez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Hamilton struck out looking . Bradley struck out swinging . Murphy singled to center . Byrd walked , Murphy to second . Perez pitching for Indians . Shelton singled to left , Murphy scored , Byrd to third . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Garko lined out to third . Peralta doubled to left . Dellucci homered to center , Peralta scored . Blake flied out to center . Choo walked . Cabrera walked , Choo to second . Choo to third , Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Benoit . Sizemore walked . Francisco walked , Choo scored , Cabrera to third , Sizemore to second . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Martinez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Metcalf struck out swinging . Kinsler singled to center . Young singled to right , Kinsler to third . Hamilton walked , Young to second . Bradley struck out swinging . Murphy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Garko grounded out to second . Peralta flied out to right . Dellucci grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Gutierrez in right field . Borowski pitching for Indians . Byrd flied out to right . Catalanotto hit for Shelton . Catalanotto grounded out to second . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 13 - Rangers 9 .	Blake 's 7 RBIs power Indians ' win over Rangers