Rangers - Top 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Kinsler flied out to center . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton hit by pitch . Bradley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Bourn singled to center . Newhan struck out looking . Bourn stole second . Tejada struck out swinging . Berkman walked . Lee walked , Bourn to third , Berkman to second . Pence tripled to deep center , Bourn , Berkman and Lee scored . Wigginton struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Byrd flied out to right . Ramirez popped out to second . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Boggs in left field . Byrd in center field . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Quintero reached on bunt single to third . Rodriguez singled to shallow right center , Quintero to second . Bourn sacrificed to third , Quintero to third , Rodriguez to second . Newhan doubled to shallow right , Quintero and Rodriguez scored . Tejada grounded out to shortstop , Newhan to third . Berkman reached on infield single to third , Newhan scored . Berkman to second on balk by Millwood . Lee singled to center , Berkman scored , Lee to second . Pence struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Duran flied out to left . Millwood doubled to left . Kinsler flied out to right . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Wigginton singled to center . Quintero struck out looking . Rodriguez sacrificed to first , Wigginton to second . Bourn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Boggs struck out swinging . Bradley struck out looking . Byrd flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Newhan singled to left . Tejada singled to center , Newhan to second . Berkman singled to right , Newhan thrown out at home , Berkman to second , Tejada to second , Tejada to third advancing on throw . Lee intentionally walked . Pence lined out to shortstop . Wigginton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Ramirez struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia flied out to right . Duran struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Quintero reached on infield single to shortstop . Rodriguez flied out to right , Quintero out at second . Bourn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Catalanotto hit for Millwood . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Catalanotto struck out swinging . Kinsler singled to left . Young flied out to right . Boggs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Newhan singled to right . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Newhan out at second . Berkman singled to left center , Tejada to second . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Berkman out at second , Tejada to third . Pence struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Bradley reached on infield single to shortstop . Byrd safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada , Bradley to second . Ramirez struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia fouled out to first . Duran struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 7th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Murphy in right field . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop . Quintero grounded out to first . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Murphy tripled to deep center . Kinsler singled to center , Murphy scored . Young flied out to center . Boggs grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kinsler out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Wright pitching for Rangers . Bourn singled to center . Newhan grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Bourn out at second . Tejada grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Villarreal pitching for Astros . Davis hit for Wright . Davis reached on infield single to third . Byrd tripled to deep right center , Davis scored . Ramirez struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Duran grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - Astros 7 .	Rodriguez K 's 9 as ' Stros take series from Rangers