Rangers - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Kinsler lined out to second . Young singled to right . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second . Bradley singled to center , Hamilton to third . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bradley out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Mendoza pitching for Rangers . Cabrera struck out looking . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Quentin walked . Dye doubled to left , Quentin scored . Thome walked . Konerko flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Blalock tripled to deep center . Boggs grounded out to third . Davis grounded out to pitcher . Saltalamacchia popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Mendoza pitching for Rangers . Swisher struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to first . Uribe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Kinsler struck out swinging . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Mendoza pitching for Rangers . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Bradley struck out swinging . Byrd grounded out to second . Blalock flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Mendoza pitching for Rangers . Dye singled to left . Thome singled to left center , Dye to second . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Thome out at second , Dye to third . Swisher homered to right center , Dye and Konerko scored . Ramirez lined out to third . Uribe doubled to deep right center . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Uribe to third . Pierzynski singled to right , Uribe scored , Cabrera to second . Quentin struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Boggs grounded out to pitcher . Davis singled to center . Saltalamacchia grounded out to third , Davis to second . Kinsler lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Mendoza pitching for Rangers . Dye singled to left . Thome singled to right , Dye to third . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Konerko grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dye scored , Thome out at second . Swisher grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton grounded out to first . Bradley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Ramirez flied out to center . Uribe flied out to right . Cabrera walked . Pierzynski lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Byrd singled to left . Blalock grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Byrd out at second . Boggs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . Dye flied out to right . Thome walked . Konerko singled to center , Thome to second . Swisher walked , Thome to third , Konerko to second . Ramirez homered to left , Thome , Konerko and Swisher scored . Uribe doubled to deep left center . Cabrera lined out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Wise in left field . Anderson in center field . Swisher in right field . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Davis homered to right . Saltalamacchia grounded out to third . Masset pitching for White Sox . Kinsler singled to left . Young struck out swinging . Hamilton reached on infield single to third , Kinsler to second . Bradley reached on infield single to pitcher , Kinsler to third , Hamilton to second . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Byrd walked , Kinsler scored , Hamilton to third , Bradley to second . Blalock grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Vazquez at second base . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher . Wise flied out to right . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Boggs struck out looking . Davis singled to right center . Saltalamacchia flied out to right . Vazquez lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - White Sox 10 .	White Sox 's bats come alive in blowout of Rangers