Rangers - Top 1st . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Kinsler grounded out to second . Young flied out to center . Hamilton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Ellis grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez walked . Suzuki walked , Gonzalez to second . Brown flied out to right , Gonzalez to third . Crosby popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Bradley struck out looking . Blalock walked . Byrd singled to center , Blalock to second . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Byrd out at second , Blalock to third . Davis doubled to left , Blalock scored , Murphy to third . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep left center , Murphy and Davis scored . Kinsler flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Bankston grounded out to third . Murton grounded out to second . Hannahan singled to center . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton struck out swinging . Bradley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Ellis flied out to left . Gonzalez singled to center . Suzuki singled to right , Gonzalez to second . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez to third , Suzuki safe at second on error by shortstop Young . Crosby reached on infield single to third , Gonzalez scored , Suzuki to third , Brown to second . Bankston hit sacrifice fly to right , Suzuki scored . Murton flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Blalock grounded out to first . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Hannahan flied out to left . Davis walked . Davis stole second . Ellis hit by pitch . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ellis out at second , Davis to third . Suzuki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Davis struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia walked . Kinsler singled to left , Saltalamacchia to second . Young struck out swinging . Hamilton homered to left , Saltalamacchia and Kinsler scored . Catalanotto struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Brown homered to left . Crosby grounded out to second . Bankston grounded out to shortstop . Murton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Blalock grounded out to first . Byrd flied out to center . Murphy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Hannahan grounded out to shortstop . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Ellis lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Davis homered to right . Saltalamacchia singled to right . Kinsler singled to center , Saltalamacchia to second . Young singled to left , Saltalamacchia scored , Kinsler to second . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Hamilton flied out to left . Ramirez hit for Catalanotto . Ramirez struck out swinging . Kinsler to third , Young to second on wild pitch by DiNardo . Blalock grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez singled to left . Suzuki hit by pitch , Gonzalez to second . Brown grounded into double play , third to second to first , Suzuki out at second , Gonzalez to third . Crosby struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Byrd homered to center . Murphy flied out to center . Davis lined out to shortstop . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Bankston walked . Murton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bankston out at second . Hannahan doubled to deep right . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Kinsler walked . Young grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to second to first , Kinsler out at second . Hamilton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Madrigal pitching for Rangers . Ellis homered to left . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Suzuki flied out to right . Brown fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 9 - Athletics 4 .	Hamilton 's shot powers Rangers