Mariners - Top 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Suzuki walked . Reed flied out to center . Ibanez singled to right , Suzuki to second . Beltre fouled out to catcher . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ibanez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Batista pitching for Mariners . Kinsler grounded out to third . Catalanotto flied out to left . Murphy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . LaHair lined out to second . Cairo flied out to left . Johjima doubled to deep left . Bloomquist singled to right , Johjima scored . Suzuki reached on infield single to third , Bloomquist to second . Reed singled to left , Bloomquist scored , Suzuki to second . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reed out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Hamilton homered to right . Byrd struck out swinging . Boggs homered to right . Davis doubled to deep right center . Saltalamacchia walked . Vazquez flied out to right . Kinsler flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Beltre singled to left . Lopez struck out swinging . LaHair struck out swinging , Beltre stole second . Cairo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Catalanotto singled to right . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Catalanotto out at second . Hamilton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Johjima grounded out to pitcher . Bloomquist grounded out to second . Suzuki popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Byrd flied out to right . Boggs grounded out to second . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Reed singled to left . Reed to second on wild pitch by Padilla . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Reed out at third . Beltre grounded out to shortstop , Ibanez to second . Lopez singled to left , Ibanez scored , Lopez thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Saltalamacchia singled to left . Vazquez struck out looking . Kinsler doubled to deep left , Saltalamacchia thrown out at home . Catalanotto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . LaHair struck out swinging , LaHair safe at first on wild pitch by Padilla . Cairo flied out to right . Johjima grounded into double play , third to second to first , LaHair out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Murphy doubled to deep center . Hamilton grounded out to second , Murphy to third . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . Boggs walked . Boggs stole second . Murphy scored , Boggs safe at third on throwing error by catcher Johjima . Davis flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop . Suzuki reached on bunt single to catcher , Bloomquist to second . Reed hit by pitch , Bloomquist to third , Suzuki to second . Ibanez flied out to right , Bloomquist thrown out at home . Beltre struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Jimenez pitching for Mariners . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Vazquez flied out to right . Kinsler popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Guardado pitching for Rangers . Lopez flied out to right . LaHair grounded out to shortstop . Cairo popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Rhodes pitching for Mariners . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop . Murphy walked . Hamilton walked , Murphy to second . Byrd walked , Murphy to third , Hamilton to second . Young hit for Boggs . Young hit sacrifice fly to center , Murphy scored . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Davis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Catalanotto in left field . Young at shortstop . Davis at first base . Vazquez at third base . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Johjima struck out swinging . Bloomquist flied out to right . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Vidro hit for Reed . Vidro grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Rangers 4 .	Hamilton ups RBI , HR totals in Rangers ' close win