Mariners - Top 1st . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Suzuki tripled to deep right center . Bloomquist reached on infield single to first . Ibanez doubled to deep right , Suzuki scored , Bloomquist to third . Beltre grounded out to third , Bloomquist scored . Lopez grounded out to shortstop , Ibanez to third . Cairo grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Catalanotto flied out to center . Young safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cairo . Hamilton walked , Young to second . Byrd hit by pitch , Young to third , Hamilton to second . Murphy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 2nd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . LaHair singled to right . LaHair caught stealing second , catcher to second . Burke safe at first on error by third baseman Vazquez . Reed lined out to right . Suzuki doubled to deep right , Burke to third , Burke scored , Suzuki to third on error by right fielder Murphy . Suzuki scored on Harrison 's wild pitch . Bloomquist grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Laird grounded out to pitcher . Davis fouled out to third . Vazquez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Ibanez struck out swinging . Beltre flied out to left . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Kinsler lined out to third . Catalanotto fouled out to shortstop . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Cairo walked . LaHair walked , Cairo to second . Burke sacrificed to third , Cairo to third , LaHair to second . Reed grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cairo scored , LaHair to third . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to center , LaHair scored , Reed to second . Bloomquist walked . Reed to third , Bloomquist to second on wild pitch by Harrison . Ibanez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Hamilton doubled to deep right . Byrd lined out to third . Murphy flied out to center . Laird struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Beltre lined out to center . Lopez struck out looking . Cairo walked . LaHair walked , Cairo to second . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Burke grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Davis singled to center . Vazquez lined into double play , to first , Davis doubled off first . Kinsler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Reed flied out to center . Suzuki grounded out to second . Bloomquist walked . Ibanez singled to center , Bloomquist to third . Beltre walked , Ibanez to second . Lopez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Catalanotto struck out swinging . Young grounded out to second . Hamilton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Cairo struck out swinging . LaHair struck out looking . Burke singled to left . Reed grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Byrd grounded out to second . Murphy flied out to center . Laird lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Suzuki lined out to third . Bloomquist walked . Ibanez flied out to center . Beltre homered to right center , Bloomquist scored . Lopez singled to left . Cairo doubled to deep left , Lopez to third . LaHair struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Dickey pitching for Mariners . Davis doubled to center . Vazquez homered to right , Davis scored . Kinsler grounded out to pitcher . Catalanotto singled to center . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Catalanotto out at second . Hamilton singled to center , Young to second . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Byrd walked , Young to third , Hamilton to second . Murphy grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Burke grounded out to shortstop . Reed doubled to deep right . Suzuki fouled out to third . Bloomquist fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Laird flied out to right . Davis doubled to right . Vazquez doubled to left , Davis scored . Kinsler singled to left , Vazquez to third . Putz pitching for Mariners . Catalanotto doubled to deep center , Vazquez and Kinsler scored . Young flied out to right , Catalanotto to third . Hamilton struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Rangers 5 .	Dickey helps M 's stop Rangers , his former team