Tigers - Top 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Granderson singled to right . Santiago hit by pitch , Granderson to second . Ordonez lined out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Santiago out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Boggs grounded out to second . Young singled to left center . Hamilton singled to right , Young to second . Bradley lined out to second . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Guillen doubled to deep right . Sheffield struck out swinging . Joyce grounded out to second , Guillen to third . Renteria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Laird struck out swinging . Davis singled to right . Arias grounded into double play , third to second to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Inge grounded out to third . Granderson walked . Santiago singled to right , Granderson to third . Ordonez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Santiago out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Vazquez flied out to right . Boggs struck out swinging . Young walked . Hamilton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Cabrera lined out to center . Guillen grounded out to second . Sheffield flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Bradley struck out swinging . Byrd singled to center . Laird flied out to right . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Byrd out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Joyce homered to right . Renteria struck out swinging . Inge singled to center . Granderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Inge out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Arias struck out swinging . Vazquez grounded out to first . Boggs walked . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Santiago flied out to center . Ordonez struck out looking . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Hamilton grounded out to first . Bradley walked . Byrd singled to left , Bradley to second . Laird lined out to third . Davis homered to left , Bradley and Byrd scored . Arias grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Guillen walked . Sheffield reached on infield single to second , Guillen to third . Joyce homered to right , Guillen and Sheffield scored . Renteria homered to right . Madrigal pitching for Rangers . Inge struck out swinging . Granderson walked . Santiago singled to center , Granderson to third . Ordonez singled to left , Granderson scored , Santiago to third . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santiago scored , Ordonez out at second . Guillen singled to center , Cabrera to third . Sheffield walked , Guillen to second . Joyce safe at second on error by left fielder Boggs , Cabrera , Guillen and Sheffield scored . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Renteria lined out to center . 9 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Seay pitching for Tigers . Vazquez singled to left . Boggs singled to left , Vazquez to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Boggs out at second , Vazquez to third . Hamilton walked , Young to second . Saltalamacchia hit for Bradley . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . Glover pitching for Tigers . Byrd popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Inge popped out to first . Granderson flied out to right . Santiago flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Glover pitching for Tigers . Laird fouled out to first . Davis struck out swinging . Arias flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Ordonez walked . Raburn ran for Ordonez . Cabrera flied out to right . Guillen grounded out to first , Raburn to second . Sheffield singled to left , Raburn scored , Sheffield thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Raburn in right field . Fossum pitching for Tigers . Vazquez grounded out to shortstop . Boggs flied out to right . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 11 - Rangers 3 .	Galarraga tops former team as Tigers rip Rangers