Rangers - Top 1st . Meche pitching for Royals . Arias flied out to right . Young singled to right . Hamilton struck out swinging . Bradley doubled to deep left , Young scored . Blalock flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo lined out to center . DeJesus singled to center . Guillen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Meche pitching for Royals . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . Cruz doubled to deep center . Laird grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz out at third . Laird stole second . Davis walked . Arias grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Teahen lined out to shortstop . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Gload fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Meche pitching for Royals . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Hamilton singled to right , Young to third . Bradley hit sacrifice fly to left , Young scored . Blalock struck out swinging . Byrd singled to left , Hamilton to second . Cruz homered to right , Hamilton and Byrd scored . Laird flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Buck doubled to deep right center . Gathright reached on infield single to shortstop . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gathright out at second , Buck to third . Callaspo singled to center , Buck scored , Aviles to second . DeJesus singled to left , Aviles scored , Callaspo to second . Guillen grounded out to shortstop , Callaspo to third , DeJesus to second . Teahen struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Meche pitching for Royals . Davis flied out to right . Arias singled to center . Young singled to right center , Arias to third . Hamilton struck out swinging . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Butler flied out to left . Gload struck out looking . Buck struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Meche pitching for Royals . Blalock singled to right . Byrd lined out to shortstop . Cruz singled to right , Blalock to second . Laird reached on bunt single to third , Blalock to third , Cruz to second . Davis grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Blalock out at home . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Gathright flied out to center . Aviles flied out to left . Callaspo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Meche pitching for Royals . Arias lined out to first . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . DeJesus singled to right . Guillen grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeJesus out at second . Teahen lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Meche pitching for Royals . Bradley singled to left center . Blalock flied out to center . Byrd singled to center , Bradley to second . Peralta pitching for Royals . Cruz flied out to right . Laird grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Butler singled to right . Butler to second on passed ball by Laird . Gload singled to left , Butler to third . Buck grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Butler scored , Gload out at second . Gathright grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Buck out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Davis homered to center . Arias singled to center . Young walked , Arias to second . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Hamilton singled to right , Arias scored , Young to third . Bradley singled to right , Young scored , Hamilton to second . Boggs ran for Bradley . Blalock grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Boggs out at second , Hamilton to third . Byrd hit sacrifice fly to right , Hamilton scored . Cruz fouled out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Madrigal pitching for Rangers . Aviles singled to center . Aviles to second on wild pitch by Madrigal . Callaspo popped out to shortstop . DeJesus grounded out to first , Aviles to third . Guillen popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . DeJesus in right field . German in left field . Fulchino pitching for Royals . Laird popped out to first . Davis struck out swinging . Arias doubled to deep left . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Teahen flied out to left . Butler reached on infield single to third . Butler to second on wild pitch by Rupe . Butler to third on wild pitch by Rupe . Gload singled to left , Butler scored . Buck grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gload out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 9 - Royals 4 .	Cruz 's big day in debut helps Rangers drop Royals