Rangers - Top 1st . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Arias flied out to right . Young walked . Hamilton struck out swinging . Byrd singled to shallow right , Young to second . Cruz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Pennington singled to center . Sweeney singled to left center , Pennington to second . Cust singled to left center , Pennington scored , Sweeney to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . Cunningham grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cust out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Blalock grounded out to second . Laird struck out looking . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Crosby grounded out to second . Barton flied out to center . Hannahan walked . Davis hit by pitch , Hannahan to second . Pennington singled to left , Hannahan scored , Davis to third . Sweeney hit by pitch , Pennington to second . Cust struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Teagarden flied out to right . Arias reached on infield single to shortstop . Young walked , Arias to second . Hamilton flied out to center . Byrd walked , Arias to third , Young to second . Cruz doubled to left , Arias and Young scored , Byrd to third . Blalock flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Suzuki walked . Cunningham flied out to center . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at second , Crosby to second on throwing error by shortstop Young . Barton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Laird struck out looking . Davis struck out swinging . Teagarden hit by pitch . Arias grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Hannahan fouled out to first . Davis struck out swinging . Pennington popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Young grounded out to third . Hamilton struck out swinging . Byrd walked . Cruz doubled to deep left , Byrd scored . Blalock flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Sweeney singled to left center . Cust walked , Sweeney to second . Suzuki flied out to center , Sweeney to third . Cunningham popped out to shortstop . Crosby grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Embree pitching for Athletics . Boggs hit for Laird . Boggs struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . Teagarden walked . Arias flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . White pitching for Rangers . Barton walked . Hannahan walked , Barton to second . Loe pitching for Rangers . Davis bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Barton out at third , Hannahan to second . Pennington walked , Hannahan to third , Davis to second . Sweeney singled to right , Hannahan and Davis scored , Pennington to third . Cust grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sweeney out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Street pitching for Athletics . Young singled to right . Hamilton struck out swinging , Young stole second . Byrd grounded out to second , Young to third . Cruz singled to left , Young scored . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Blalock flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Suzuki flied out to left . Cunningham singled to left . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cunningham out at second . Barton walked , Crosby to second . Hannahan walked , Crosby to third , Barton to second . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Barton out at third , Hannahan to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Devine pitching for Athletics . Boggs singled to right center . Davis struck out swinging . Teagarden struck out swinging . Arias flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Madrigal pitching for Rangers . Pennington walked . Sweeney walked , Pennington to second . Cust struck out looking . Suzuki lined out to right . Cunningham homered to left , Pennington and Sweeney scored . Crosby popped out to first . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Young flied out to right . Hamilton struck out swinging . Byrd doubled to deep center . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Athletics 7 .	Cunningham 's first HR comes at right time for A 's