Angels - Top 1st . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Aybar flied out to right . Anderson singled to center . Teixeira walked , Anderson to second . Hunter homered to left , Anderson and Teixeira scored . Matthews doubled to left . Quinlan singled to center , Matthews to third . Morales grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Quinlan out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for Angels . Arias grounded out to pitcher . Young singled to center . Hamilton singled to right , Young to second . Bradley struck out swinging . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Napoli struck out swinging . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third , Rodriguez to second on throwing error by third baseman Davis . Aybar doubled to deep left , Rodriguez scored . Anderson doubled to left center , Aybar scored . Teixeira lined out to third . Hunter intentionally walked . Matthews flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for Angels . Blalock flied out to right . Cruz struck out looking . Laird flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Quinlan grounded out to second . Morales homered to center . Napoli homered to left . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Aybar flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for Angels . Davis struck out swinging . Arias tripled to deep right center . Young singled to center , Arias scored . Hamilton singled to center , Young to second . Bradley safe at first on error by left fielder Matthews , Young scored , Hamilton to second . Byrd reached on infield single to third , Hamilton to third , Bradley to second . Blalock doubled to right , Hamilton and Bradley scored , Byrd to third . Cruz singled to center , Byrd and Blalock scored . Laird singled to center , Cruz to second . Davis homered to left center , Cruz and Laird scored . Oliver pitching for Angels . Arias grounded out to third . Arias hit for Aybar . Duran hit for Young . Duran singled to right . Hamilton grounded out to second . 9 Runs , 9 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 4th . Duran at shortstop . Wright pitching for Rangers . Anderson singled to right . Teixeira singled to right , Anderson to second . Hunter singled to right , Anderson to third , Teixeira to second . Matthews grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson scored , Hunter out at second , Teixeira to third . Quinlan grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Bradley struck out swinging . Byrd struck out swinging . Blalock flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Wright pitching for Rangers . Morales singled to left . Napoli doubled to right , Morales to third . Rodriguez walked . Aybar singled to left , Morales scored , Napoli to third , Rodriguez to second . Loe pitching for Rangers . Anderson flied out to right . Teixeira doubled to right , Napoli and Rodriguez scored , Aybar to third . Hunter grounded out to third , Aybar scored . Matthews singled to center , Teixeira scored . Quinlan popped out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop . Laird grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cruz out at second . Davis flied out to right . Arias reached on infield single to third , Laird to second . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Duran tripled to deep left , Laird and Arias scored . Duran scored on Jepsen 's wild pitch . Hamilton doubled to deep right center . Bradley struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Morales grounded out to second . Napoli fouled out to first . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Byrd singled to center . Blalock grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Byrd out at second . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Aybar reached on infield single to pitcher , Aybar to third on throwing error by pitcher Loe . Madrigal pitching for Rangers . Anderson singled to right , Aybar scored . Teixeira struck out swinging . Hunter struck out swinging . Anderson caught stealing second , catcher to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Wood at third base . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Laird struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . Arias grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Madrigal pitching for Rangers . Matthews grounded out to first . Wood singled to right . Wood stole second . Morales grounded out to second , Wood to third . Napoli tripled to deep right , Wood scored . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Matthews in right field . Willits in left field . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Duran grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton singled to center . Bradley struck out swinging . Byrd walked , Hamilton to second . Blalock flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Aybar fouled out to first . Anderson struck out looking . Teixeira singled to right . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Shields pitching for Angels . Cruz homered to center . Laird grounded out to third . Davis singled to left center . Arias flied out to center . Duran struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 15 - Rangers 13 .	Angels hold on to win crazy slugfest over Rangers