Rays - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Twins. Damon hit by pitch. Zobrist struck out swinging. Longoria grounded out to pitcher, Damon to second. Upton lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Davis pitching for Rays. Revere grounded out to pitcher. Casilla singled to center. Cuddyer walked, Casilla to second. Thome flied out to center, Casilla to third, Cuddyer to second. Valencia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Kotchman walked. Ruggiano grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kotchman out at second. Shoppach homered to left (359 feet), Ruggiano scored. Johnson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Davis pitching for Rays. Tosoni grounded out to first. Repko grounded out to shortstop. Rivera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Damon hit by pitch. Zobrist grounded out to shortstop, Damon to second. Longoria singled to left, Damon to third. Upton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Longoria out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Davis pitching for Rays. Nishioka walked. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nishioka out at second. Casilla singled to right, Revere to second. Revere to third, Casilla to second on passed ball by Shoppach. Cuddyer singled to center, Revere and Casilla scored. Thome grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Cuddyer out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Rodriguez hit by pitch. Kotchman grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rodriguez out at second. Ruggiano struck out swinging. Kotchman to second on wild pitch by Liriano. Shoppach walked. Johnson singled to left, Kotchman scored, Shoppach to second. Fuld hit for Damon. Fuld walked, Shoppach to third, Johnson to second. Zobrist reached on infield single to third, Shoppach scored, Johnson to third, Fuld to second. Longoria flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Rays. Valencia singled to right center. Tosoni flied out to center. Repko singled to right, Valencia to third. Rivera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Repko out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Upton grounded out to pitcher. Rodriguez walked. Kotchman singled to center, Rodriguez to second. Ruggiano singled to left, Rodriguez scored, Kotchman to second. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Shoppach struck out swinging. Johnson struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Rays. Nishioka singled to left. Revere flied out to center. Casilla walked, Nishioka to second. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Thome singled to left center, Nishioka and Casilla scored. Valencia singled to left, Thome to second. Tosoni singled to center, Thome thrown out at home, Valencia to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Fuld grounded out to second. Zobrist grounded out to second. Longoria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Cruz pitching for Rays. Repko struck out swinging. Rivera singled to right. Nishioka singled to left, Rivera to second. Revere flied out to left. Rivera to third, Nishioka to second on wild pitch by Cruz. Casilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Upton walked. Rodriguez flied out to center. Kotchman singled to right, Upton to third. Joyce hit for Ruggiano. Mijares pitching for Twins. Joyce struck out swinging. Burnett pitching for Twins. Jaso hit for Shoppach. Jaso grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Joyce in left field. Jaso catching. Cruz pitching for Rays. Cuddyer homered to left center (404 feet). Howell pitching for Rays. Thome struck out looking. Valencia grounded out to shortstop. Tosoni struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Johnson grounded out to second. Fuld reached on infield single to shortstop. Zobrist walked, Fuld to second. Longoria singled to left, Fuld scored, Zobrist to third. Upton sacrificed to pitcher, Zobrist scored, Longoria to second. Rodriguez homered to left (371 feet), Longoria scored. Kotchman doubled to left. Joyce grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Peralta pitching for Rays. Repko struck out swinging. Tolbert hit for Rivera. Tolbert struck out swinging. Nishioka singled to right center. Revere singled to right, Nishioka to second. Casilla grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Butera catching. Dumatrait pitching for Twins. Jaso grounded out to second. Johnson struck out swinging. Fuld reached on infield single to third. Zobrist singled to right, Fuld to second. Longoria homered to left (360 feet), Fuld and Zobrist scored. Upton flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Brignac at shortstop. Rodriguez at third base. Johnson at second base. Russell pitching for Rays. Cuddyer grounded out to second. Hughes hit for Thome. Hughes walked. Valencia walked, Hughes to second. Tosoni grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Valencia out at second, Hughes to third. Repko walked, Tosoni to second. Mauer hit for Butera. Mauer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 12 - Twins 5.	Rays avoid Twins' sweep as Longoria breaks out