Rays - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Jennings grounded out to third. Damon struck out looking. Zobrist singled to left center. Longoria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zobrist out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Shields pitching for Rays. Weeks struck out swinging. Crisp singled to center. Matsui lined out to left. Willingham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Kotchman grounded out to shortstop. Joyce grounded out to second. Shoppach struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Shields pitching for Rays. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney doubled to deep left center. Pennington lined out to center. Sizemore singled to left, Sweeney thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Fuld grounded out to pitcher. Rodriguez struck out looking. Jennings singled to right. Damon walked, Jennings to second. Zobrist popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Shields pitching for Rays. Powell grounded out to shortstop. Weeks singled to center. Crisp lined out to center. Matsui doubled to deep center, Weeks scored. Willingham popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Longoria walked. Kotchman flied out to center, Longoria to second. Joyce grounded out to first, Longoria to third. Shoppach grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Shields pitching for Rays. Jackson walked. Sweeney singled to left, Jackson to second. Pennington sacrificed to pitcher, Jackson to third, Sweeney to second. Sizemore tripled to deep right center, Jackson and Sweeney scored. Powell walked. Weeks singled to center, Sizemore scored, Powell to second. Crisp flied out to left. Matsui homered to right (403 feet), Powell and Weeks scored. Willingham doubled to deep left. Jackson singled to right, Willingham scored, Jackson to third on error by right fielder Joyce. Sweeney homered to right (408 feet), Jackson scored. Pennington struck out looking. 9 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Fuld grounded out to second. Rodriguez flied out to right. Jennings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Delaney pitching for Rays. Johnson at shortstop. Rodriguez at third base. Sizemore flied out to right. Powell singled to right. Weeks tripled to deep right, Powell scored. Crisp walked. Matsui singled to center, Weeks scored, Crisp to second. Willingham flied out to center, Crisp to third. Jackson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Damon flied out to center. Zobrist struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Chirinos at first base. Delaney pitching for Rays. Sweeney walked. Pennington singled to center, Sweeney to second. Sizemore walked, Sweeney to third, Pennington to second. Powell popped out to second. Weeks hit sacrifice fly to right, Sweeney scored, Sizemore out at first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Chirinos singled to left. Joyce grounded into double play, third to second to first, Chirinos out at second. Shoppach singled to center. Fuld grounded into fielder's choice to second, Shoppach out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Delaney pitching for Rays. Crisp grounded out to first. Matsui flied out to left. Willingham fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez walked. Jennings walked, Rodriguez to second. Damon popped out to shortstop. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Zobrist struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Gomes pitching for Rays. Jackson grounded out to first. Sweeney lined out to second. Sogard hit for Pennington. Sogard singled to right. Sizemore struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Sogard at shortstop. De Los Santos pitching for Athletics. Chirinos singled to center. Joyce homered to right (378 feet), Chirinos scored. Ruggiano hit for Shoppach. Ruggiano safe at first on error by second baseman Weeks. Fuld grounded out to first, Ruggiano to second. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Ruggiano to third on wild pitch by De Los Santos. Jennings singled to left, Ruggiano scored. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Jennings to second on wild pitch by Ziegler. Damon singled to center, Jennings scored. Zobrist struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 4 - Athletics 13.	Nine-run 4th powers A's pummeling of Rays