White Sox - Top 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Eaton grounded out to second. Jackson struck out swinging. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Ellsbury reached on infield single to second. Gardner singled to center, Ellsbury to third. Beltrán hit sacrifice fly to left, Ellsbury scored. Teixeira struck out swinging, Gardner stole second. McCann hit by pitch. Castro grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Frazier struck out looking. Cabrera walked. Lawrie walked, Cabrera to second. García singled to left, Cabrera scored, Lawrie to second. Avila struck out swinging. Saladino struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Ackley flied out to center. Gregorius grounded out to second. Torreyes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Eaton homered to right (411 feet). Jackson struck out looking. Abreu grounded out to third. Frazier walked. Cabrera doubled to left, Frazier to third. Lawrie struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Gardner singled to right. Beltrán walked, Gardner to second. Teixeira walked, Gardner to third, Beltrán to second. McCann fouled out to catcher. Castro reached on infield single to shortstop, Gardner scored, Beltrán to third, Teixeira to second. Ackley walked, Beltrán scored, Teixeira to third, Castro to second. Gregorius grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. García singled to left center. García stole second. Avila struck out swinging. Saladino singled to center, García to third. Eaton sacrificed to first, García scored, Saladino to second. Jackson singled to center, Saladino scored, Jackson to second advancing on throw. Abreu popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Torreyes grounded out to third. Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher. Gardner walked. Gardner stole second. Beltrán grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Frazier reached on infield single to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Frazier out at second. Lawrie flied out to right. García doubled to deep left, Cabrera to third. Avila flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Teixeira flied out to left. McCann singled to left. McCann to second on wild pitch by González. Castro popped out to second. Ackley walked. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Gregorius popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Yates pitching for Yankees. Saladino singled to left. Saladino caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Eaton grounded out to second. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Torreyes grounded out to second. Ellsbury safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Lawrie. Gardner grounded out to first, Ellsbury to second. Duke pitching for White Sox. Beltrán homered to left (373 feet), Ellsbury scored. Teixeira doubled to deep left. McCann struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Betances pitching for Yankees. Hicks in right field. Abreu singled to left. Frazier singled to left, Abreu to second. Cabrera doubled to left, Abreu scored, Frazier to third. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop. García struck out swinging. Avila struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Albers pitching for White Sox. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Hicks flied out to center. Gregorius walked. Headley hit for Torreyes. Headley doubled to deep center, Gregorius scored. Ellsbury reached first base on catcher's interference. Gardner reached on infield single to shortstop, Headley to third, Ellsbury to second. Beltrán grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 8th. Headley at third base. Miller pitching for Yankees. Saladino flied out to right. Eaton struck out swinging. Jackson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Teixeira grounded out to second. McCann homered to right (356 feet). Castro grounded out to pitcher. Hicks struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Chapman pitching for Yankees. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Frazier flied out to right. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 5 - Yankees 7.	Headley, Yankees wrap up successful homestand, top White Sox