Yankees - Top 1st. Gray pitching for Athletics. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Gardner flied out to center. Beltrán doubled to deep left. McCann singled to left, Beltrán to third. Teixeira flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Crisp lined out to center. Semien flied out to right. Valencia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Gray pitching for Athletics. Castro lined out to center. Hicks grounded out to second. Gregorius singled to center. Torreyes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Davis flied out to center. Butler walked. Vogt hit by pitch, Butler to second. Smolinski lined out to left. McBride singled to left, Butler scored, Vogt to third, McBride to second advancing on throw. Ladendorf bunt grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Gray pitching for Athletics. Ellsbury walked. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ellsbury out at second. Beltrán grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gardner out at second. McCann walked, Beltrán to second. Beltrán to third on wild pitch by Gray. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Crisp safe at first on error by third baseman Torreyes. Semien struck out looking. Valencia singled to right, Crisp to second. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Valencia out at second, Crisp to third. Butler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 4th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Castro struck out swinging. Hicks walked. Gregorius singled to right, Hicks to third. Torreyes tripled to deep center, Hicks and Gregorius scored. Ellsbury reached first base on catcher's interference. Torreyes scored, Ellsbury to second on wild pitch by Gray. Gardner walked. Ellsbury to third on wild pitch by Gray. Beltrán doubled to deep center, Ellsbury and Gardner scored. Dull pitching for Athletics. McCann grounded out to first, Beltrán to third. Teixeira lined out to right. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Vogt struck out swinging. Smolinski grounded out to third. McBride struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Dull pitching for Athletics. Castro safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Semien. Hicks walked. Gregorius flied out to right, Castro to third. Torreyes struck out swinging. Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Ladendorf popped out to first. Crisp flied out to left. Semien struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Dull pitching for Athletics. Gardner reached on infield single to shortstop. Beltrán doubled to deep right, Gardner scored. McCann flied out to center. Teixeira grounded out to pitcher, Beltrán to third. Castro grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Valencia popped out to first. Davis singled to left. Butler struck out swinging. Vogt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Triggs pitching for Athletics. Hicks singled to center. Gregorius grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hicks out at second. Torreyes walked. Ellsbury singled to left, Torreyes to second. Gardner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Yates pitching for Yankees. Smolinski lined out to right. McBride lined out to center. Ladendorf singled to left. Crisp doubled to center, Ladendorf scored. Semien lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Triggs pitching for Athletics. Beltrán fouled out to third. McCann flied out to left. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Yates pitching for Yankees. Valencia grounded out to third. Davis struck out swinging. Butler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Triggs pitching for Athletics. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Hicks grounded out to shortstop. Gregorius reached on infield single to shortstop. Torreyes singled to right, Gregorius to second. Ellsbury tripled to deep center, Gregorius and Torreyes scored. Gardner struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Shreve pitching for Yankees. Burns hit for Vogt. Burns tripled to deep right. Smolinski grounded out to third, Burns scored. McBride popped out to first. Ladendorf lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 8 - Athletics 3.	Sabathia makes history in Yankees' 8-3 win over Athletics