Yankees - Top 1st. Dean pitching for Twins. Ellsbury singled to center. Refsnyder doubled to deep left center, Ellsbury scored. Beltrán homered to left (406 feet), Refsnyder scored. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Castro walked. Headley doubled to right, Castro to third. Gregorius reached on infield single to first, Castro scored, Headley to third. Romine grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gregorius out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Núñez fouled out to first. Mauer struck out swinging. Grossman singled to right. Dozier grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Dean pitching for Twins. Hicks singled to center. Ellsbury grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hicks out at second. Refsnyder walked. Beltrán grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Plouffe singled to right. Escobar doubled to deep right, Plouffe to third. Kepler grounded out to second, Plouffe scored, Escobar to third. Suzuki struck out swinging. Buxton fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Dean pitching for Twins. Rodriguez singled to right center. Castro singled to left, Rodriguez to second. Headley walked, Rodriguez to third, Castro to second. Gregorius grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez scored, Headley out at second, Castro to third. Ramirez pitching for Twins. Gregorius stole second. Romine doubled to deep center, Castro and Gregorius scored. Hicks flied out to center. Ellsbury lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Núñez grounded out to third. Mauer safe at first on error by second baseman Castro. Grossman grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Mauer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 4th. Ramirez pitching for Twins. Refsnyder singled to left. Beltrán singled to right, Refsnyder to third. Rodriguez struck out looking. Castro hit sacrifice fly to center, Refsnyder scored. Headley walked, Beltrán to second. Gregorius flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Dozier grounded out to third. Plouffe flied out to left. Escobar singled to center. Kepler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Twins. Romine flied out to right. Hicks flied out to right. Ellsbury flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Buxton struck out swinging. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Rogers pitching for Twins. Refsnyder grounded out to shortstop. Beltrán singled to center. Davis ran for Beltrán. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Davis out at second. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Refsnyder in right field. Davis at first base. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Mauer grounded out to pitcher. Grossman flied out to left. Dozier singled to center. Plouffe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dozier out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Jepsen pitching for Twins. Headley singled to center. Gregorius lined out to center. Romine grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Escobar lined out to right. Kepler lined out to right. Suzuki lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Boshers pitching for Twins. Hicks flied out to right. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Refsnyder lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Torreyes at third base. Santana hit for Buxton. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Santana struck out swinging. Núñez singled to right. Mauer singled to left, Núñez to second. Grossman flied out to left, Núñez to third. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Santana in center field. Tonkin pitching for Twins. Davis singled to right center. Rodriguez walked, Davis to second. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rodriguez out at second, Davis to third. Torreyes walked, Castro to second. Gregorius struck out swinging. Romine lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Goody pitching for Yankees. Plouffe flied out to left. Escobar homered to right (361 feet). Kepler singled to right. Suzuki grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kepler out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 8 - Twins 2.	Tanaka pitches 8 innings as Yankees beat Twins 8-2