Rockies - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Blackmon reached on infield single to shortstop. LeMahieu sacrificed to pitcher, Blackmon to second. Arenado singled to left, Blackmon thrown out at home, Arenado to second advancing on throw. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Gray pitching for Rockies. Ellsbury popped out to shortstop. Gardner walked. Beltrán grounded out to first, Gardner to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Story struck out swinging. Raburn popped out to shortstop. Reynolds flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Gray pitching for Rockies. McCann walked. Castro singled to left, McCann to second. Gregorius walked, McCann to third, Castro to second. Headley homered to center (425 feet), McCann, Castro and Gregorius scored. Refsnyder lined out to left. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Gardner lined out to left. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Hundley singled to center. Barnes safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Sabathia, Hundley to third. Blackmon singled to center, Hundley and Barnes scored. LeMahieu grounded out to third, Blackmon to second. Arenado grounded out to shortstop, Blackmon to third. González flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Gray pitching for Rockies. Beltrán grounded out to second. Rodriguez singled to center. McCann struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Story walked. Raburn struck out looking. Reynolds singled to right, Story to third. Hundley homered to left center (419 feet), Story and Reynolds scored. Barnes singled to center. Blackmon flied out to center. LeMahieu flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Gregorius grounded out to second. Headley grounded out to first. Refsnyder walked. Ellsbury lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Arenado walked. González grounded into fielder's choice to second, Arenado out at second. Swarzak pitching for Yankees. Story doubled to deep right, González scored. Raburn homered to center (422 feet), Story scored. Reynolds struck out swinging. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Gardner walked. Beltrán hit by pitch, Gardner to second. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Rodriguez struck out looking. McCann grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Beltrán out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Swarzak pitching for Yankees. Barnes struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Castro struck out swinging. Gregorius flied out to left. Headley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Betances pitching for Yankees. Arenado grounded out to first. González struck out swinging. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Refsnyder reached first base on catcher's interference. Ellsbury flied out to center. Gardner singled to center, Refsnyder to second. Beltrán homered to right (417 feet), Refsnyder and Gardner scored. Rodriguez lined out to right. Logan pitching for Rockies. McCann hit ground rule double to deep right. Castro pitching for Rockies. Castro reached on infield single to second, McCann to third. Gregorius singled to left center, McCann scored, Castro to second. Headley walked, Castro to third, Gregorius to second. Refsnyder struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Yankees. Raburn struck out swinging. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Hundley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Germen pitching for Rockies. Ellsbury doubled to deep right. Gardner bunt popped out foul to third. Beltrán intentionally walked. Rodriguez struck out swinging. McCann grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Davis at first base. Chapman pitching for Yankees. Barnes struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded out to first. LeMahieu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Motte pitching for Rockies. Castro homered to left (428 feet). 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 8 - Yankees 9.	Castro's walkoff homer leads Yankees to 9-8 win over Rockies