Yankees - Top 1st. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Gardner walked. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gardner out at second. Beltrán singled to left, Ellsbury to second. Teixeira struck out swinging. Gregorius struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Santana reached on infield single to second. Kipnis lined into double play, third to first, Santana doubled off first. Lindor flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Castro doubled to left. Headley struck out swinging. Refsnyder safe at second on error by first baseman Santana, Castro scored. Romine doubled to deep right, Refsnyder to third. Gardner struck out swinging. Ellsbury homered to right center (405 feet), Refsnyder and Romine scored. Beltrán flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Napoli walked. Ramírez struck out swinging. Chisenhall singled to right, Napoli to second. Davis singled to left, Napoli scored, Chisenhall to third. Naquin popped out to shortstop. Davis stole second. Gomes walked. Santana grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Teixeira lined out to left. Gregorius lined out to second. Castro grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Kipnis singled to center. Lindor singled to center, Kipnis to second. Napoli struck out looking. Ramírez grounded out to pitcher, Kipnis to third, Lindor to second. Chisenhall lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Headley doubled to deep right. Refsnyder safe at first on error by third baseman Ramírez. Romine grounded into fielder's choice to third, Refsnyder out at second, Headley to third. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Headley scored, Romine out at second. Ellsbury walked, Gardner to second. Adams pitching for Indians. Beltrán grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 4th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Davis popped out to shortstop. Naquin struck out swinging. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Adams pitching for Indians. Teixeira singled to right. Gregorius doubled to center, Teixeira to third. Manship pitching for Indians. Castro walked. Headley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Teixeira and Gregorius scored on throwing error by shortstop Lindor, Castro safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Lindor. Refsnyder singled to left center, Castro to third, Headley to second. Romine hit sacrifice fly to center, Castro scored, Headley to third. House pitching for Indians. Gardner hit sacrifice fly to right, Headley scored. Ellsbury singled to center, Refsnyder to third. Beltrán singled to right, Refsnyder scored, Ellsbury to second. Teixeira singled to center, Ellsbury scored, Beltrán to second. Gregorius hit by pitch, Beltrán to third, Teixeira to second. Colon pitching for Indians. Castro struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 5th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Santana doubled to deep center. Kipnis struck out swinging. Lindor doubled to deep right, Santana scored. Napoli singled to left, Lindor to third. Ramírez singled to left, Lindor scored, Napoli to second. Chisenhall grounded out to first, Napoli to third, Ramírez to second. Davis safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Gregorius, Napoli and Ramírez scored. Naquin homered to right (429 feet), Davis scored. Eovaldi pitching for Yankees. Gomes lined out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Colon pitching for Indians. Headley struck out swinging. Refsnyder flied out to center. Romine singled to left. Gardner flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Eovaldi pitching for Yankees. Santana lined out to left. Kipnis flied out to right. Lindor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Colon pitching for Indians. Ellsbury lined out to center. Beltrán lined out to left. Teixeira struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Eovaldi pitching for Yankees. Napoli walked. Ramírez flied out to left. Chisenhall grounded into fielder's choice to first, Napoli out at second. Chisenhall to second on wild pitch by Eovaldi. Davis walked. Naquin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Otero pitching for Indians. Gregorius lined out to center. Castro singled to right center. Headley lined out to left. Refsnyder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Hicks in right field. Eovaldi pitching for Yankees. Gomes flied out to center. Santana struck out swinging. Kipnis singled to left. Lindor walked, Kipnis to second. Napoli flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Shaw pitching for Indians. Romine grounded out to second. Gardner struck out looking. Ellsbury flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Eovaldi pitching for Yankees. Ramírez grounded out to first. Chisenhall flied out to left. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 11 - Indians 7.	Ellsbury's home run key hit for Yankees in 11-7 win