Brewers - Top 1st. Jackson pitching for Padres. Villar flied out to center. Gennett fouled out to third. Braun fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Jankowski doubled to right center. Schimpf struck out swinging. Myers reached on infield single to shortstop, Jankowski to third. Solarte grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jankowski scored, Myers out at second. Dickerson walked, Solarte to second. Blash walked, Solarte to third, Dickerson to second. Bethancourt singled to right center, Solarte and Dickerson scored, Blash to third. Rondón grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Jackson pitching for Padres. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. Carter grounded out to third. Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Jackson struck out swinging. Jankowski walked. Jankowski stole second, Jankowski safe at third on throwing error by catcher Pina. Schimpf popped out to shortstop. Myers grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 3rd. Jackson pitching for Padres. Arcia grounded out to shortstop. Pina popped out to shortstop. Guerra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Solarte doubled to deep right. Dickerson doubled to shallow left, Solarte scored. Blash fouled out to first. Bethancourt safe at first on error by third baseman Villar. Rondón singled to center, Dickerson to third, Bethancourt to second. Jackson struck out swinging. Jankowski struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Jackson pitching for Padres. Villar grounded out to shortstop. Gennett popped out to second. Braun reached on infield single to second. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Schimpf flied out to right. Myers grounded out to second. Solarte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Jackson pitching for Padres. Carter struck out looking. Nieuwenhuis doubled to deep right. Arcia struck out swinging. Pina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Villar at shortstop. Pérez at third base. Mariñez pitching for Brewers. Flores in right field. Dickerson struck out swinging. Blash struck out swinging. Bethancourt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Jackson pitching for Padres. Flores flied out to right. Villar lined out to center. Gennett singled to center. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gennett out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Marinez pitching for Brewers. Rondón popped out to second. Jackson walked. Jackson stole second. Jankowski reached on infield single to pitcher, Jackson to third. Schimpf flied out to left. Jankowski stole second. Myers singled to center, Jackson and Jankowski scored. Myers stole second. Solarte homered to right center (408 feet), Myers scored. Dickerson popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Rosales in left field. Jackson pitching for Padres. Pérez popped out to second. Carter singled to right. Nieuwenhuis singled to left, Carter to second. Wilkins hit for Mariñez. Wilkins popped out to shortstop. Pina grounded into fielder's choice to third, Carter out at third, Nieuwenhuis to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Goforth pitching for Brewers. Blash homered to right (365 feet). Bethancourt singled to left. Rondón grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bethancourt out at second. Jackson doubled to left, Rondón scored. Jankowski grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jackson out at third. Schimpf doubled to deep center, Jankowski scored. Myers struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Jackson pitching for Padres. Flores grounded out to first. Villar hit ground rule double to deep left. Gennett singled to center, Villar scored. Braun homered to center (409 feet), Gennett scored. Pérez lined out to left. Carter flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Boyer pitching for Brewers. Solarte singled to left. Rosales walked, Solarte to second. Blash hit by pitch, Solarte to third, Rosales to second. Bethancourt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Solarte scored, Blash out at second, Rosales to third. Rondón flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Baumann pitching for Padres. Nieuwenhuis lined out to center. Broxton hit for Boyer. Broxton struck out swinging. Piña singled to left center. Flores fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 3 - Padres 12.	Edwin Jackson, Padres rout Brewers 12-3