Phillies - Top 1st. Cosart pitching for Padres. Hernández grounded out to first. Herrera homered to left (352 feet). Franco safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Schimpf. Howard flied out to left. Altherr struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 1st. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Jankowski grounded out to pitcher. Myers struck out swinging. Solarte grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Cosart pitching for Padres. Asche struck out looking. Ruiz singled to center. Galvis singled to right, Ruiz to second. Eickhoff grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Galvis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Dickerson struck out swinging. Schimpf grounded out to first. Bethancourt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Cosart pitching for Padres. Hernández struck out looking. Herrera grounded out to pitcher. Franco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Norris singled to left. Rondón grounded into fielder's choice to third, Norris safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Franco. Cosart sacrificed to pitcher, Rondón to second. Jankowski grounded out to second, Norris scored, Rondón to third. Myers grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 4th. Cosart pitching for Padres. Howard singled to center. Altherr singled to left, Howard to second. Asche grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Altherr out at second, Howard to third. Ruiz singled to right, Howard scored. Galvis doubled to center, Ruiz to third, Ruiz scored on error by left fielder Dickerson. Eickhoff doubled to deep right center, Galvis scored. Hernández singled to center, Eickhoff to third. Herrera singled to shallow left, Eickhoff scored, Hernández to third. Franco popped out to second. 4 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 4th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Solarte flied out to center. Dickerson homered to right (335 feet). Schimpf grounded out to first. Bethancourt struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Cosart pitching for Padres. Howard struck out swinging. Altherr grounded out to pitcher. Asche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Norris struck out swinging. Rondón flied out to right. Ramírez hit for Cosart. Ramírez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Villanueva pitching for Padres. Ruiz singled to left. Galvis struck out swinging. Eickhoff grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ruiz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Jankowski singled to left. Myers reached on infield single to third, Jankowski to second. Solarte grounded out to first, Jankowski to third, Myers to second. Dickerson hit sacrifice fly to left, Jankowski scored, Myers to third. Schimpf homered to right (326 feet), Myers scored. Bethancourt grounded out to catcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Hand pitching for Padres. Blash in right field. Hernández safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Rondón. Herrera struck out swinging. Franco lined out to left. Joseph hit for Howard. Joseph singled to left, Hernández scored. Altherr singled to center, Joseph to second. Goeddel hit for Asche. Goeddel struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 7th. Joseph at first base. Goeddel in left field. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Norris walked. Rondón walked, Norris to second. Blash grounded into triple play, third to second to first, Norris out at third, Rondón out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Domínguez pitching for Padres. Ruiz flied out to right. Galvis lined out to right. Featherston hit for Ramos. Featherston grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Jankowski struck out looking. Myers struck out looking. Solarte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Dominguez pitching for Padres. Hernández grounded out to first. Herrera singled to left. Herrera stole second. Franco walked. Joseph hit by pitch, Herrera to third, Franco to second. Buchter pitching for Padres. Wallace at third base. Altherr struck out looking. Goeddel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Joseph out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Gómez pitching for Phillies. Dickerson lined out to shortstop. Schimpf flied out to center. Wallace struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 6 - Padres 5.	Phillies turn triple play, benefit from error to beat Padres