Padres - Top 1st. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Jankowski grounded out to third. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. Solarte grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Gordon singled to shallow center. Prado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gordon out at second. Yelich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Dickerson grounded out to pitcher. Schimpf singled to left center. Norris fouled out to first. Rosales lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. Realmuto doubled to center. Suzuki grounded out to second, Realmuto to third. Scruggs doubled to deep center, Realmuto scored. Scruggs to third on wild pitch by Perdomo. Rojas struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Sardiñas singled to left. Perdomo sacrificed to pitcher, Sardiñas to second. Jankowski reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramírez lined out to center. Solarte flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Nicolino singled to center. Gordon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nicolino out at second. Prado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Dickerson hit ground rule double to deep right. Schimpf tripled to deep center, Dickerson scored. Norris popped out to second. Rosales grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schimpf out at home. Rosales stole second. Sardiñas doubled to right center, Rosales scored. Perdomo flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Yelich fouled out to left. Ozuna lined out to left. Realmuto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Jankowski singled to right. Ramírez flied out to center. Solarte grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jankowski out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Suzuki walked. Scruggs singled to center, Suzuki to second. Rojas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Scruggs out at second, Suzuki to third. Nicolino grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Dickerson flied out to left. Schimpf hit by pitch. Norris popped out to shortstop. Schimpf to second on wild pitch by Nicolino. Rosales singled to left, Schimpf scored, Rosales to second advancing on throw. Sardiñas intentionally walked. Perdomo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sardiñas out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Gordon walked. Prado flied out to left. Yelich grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. Jankowski lined out to shortstop. Ramírez flied out to center. Solarte lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. Realmuto singled to center. Suzuki lined into double play, to pitcher, Realmuto out at first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Dickerson struck out swinging. Schimpf struck out looking. Norris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Scruggs walked. Rojas struck out swinging. Francoeur hit for Barraclough. Francoeur grounded into double play, third to second to first, Scruggs out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Rosales grounded out to shortstop. Sardiñas grounded out to first. Perdomo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Gordon struck out swinging. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Yelich grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 3 - Marlins 1.	6 DPs help Perdomo and Padres beat Marlins 3-1