Blue Jays - Top 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Eckstein safe at first on error by first baseman Giambi. Stewart singled to shallow right, Eckstein to second. Rios singled to right, Eckstein scored, Stewart to second. Wells grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rios out at second, Stewart to third. Thomas grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Damon grounded out to shortstop. Jeter singled to right. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jeter out at second. Abreu caught stealing second, catcher to second. Rodriguez batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Overbay walked. Hill singled to right, Overbay to second. Scutaro struck out looking. Barajas grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez struck out looking. Giambi grounded out to first. Cano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Eckstein grounded out to pitcher. Stewart grounded out to second. Rios walked. Wells homered to left, Rios scored. Thomas flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Matsui struck out swinging. Molina singled to center. Cabrera flied out to center. Damon fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Overbay struck out swinging. Hill grounded out to first. Scutaro singled to right center. Scutaro caught stealing second, catcher to second. Barajas batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Burnett, Jeter tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. Abreu grounded out to first. Rodriguez flied out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Barajas singled to center. Eckstein grounded into double play, third to second to first, Barajas out at second. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Giambi grounded out to third. Cano grounded out to second. Matsui singled to shallow center. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Rios flied out to left. Wells singled to center. Thomas hit by pitch, Wells to second. Overbay flied out to center. Hill singled to right center, Wells scored, Thomas to second. Hawkins pitching for Yankees. Scutaro flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera singled to center. Damon flied out to first. Jeter grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Hawkins pitching for Yankees. Barajas doubled to right. Eckstein grounded out to first, Barajas to third. Stewart grounded out to third. Rios singled to right center, Barajas scored. Rios caught stealing second, catcher to second. Wells batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Coats in left field. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Abreu walked. Rodriguez homered to center, Abreu scored. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Giambi struck out swinging. Cano struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Wells singled to left. Thomas grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wells out at second. Overbay tripled to deep center. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Molina grounded out to third. Cabrera fouled out to first. Damon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Ohlendorf pitching for Yankees. Scutaro hit by pitch. Barajas struck out swinging. Eckstein grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Scutaro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter reached on infield single to second. Abreu singled to center, Jeter to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Giambi flied out to center, Jeter to third. Cano flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Yankees 2.	Burnett outduels Mussina in Jays' win