Athletics - Top 1st. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Buck doubled to deep center. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Buck out at third. Barton struck out swinging. Ellis stole second, Ellis safe at third on throwing error by catcher Zaun. Cust struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Smith pitching for Athletics. Eckstein hit by pitch. Stewart walked, Eckstein to second. Rios struck out swinging. Wells singled to center, Eckstein scored, Stewart to second. Thomas walked, Stewart to third, Wells to second. Hill hit sacrifice fly to center, Stewart scored, Wells to third, Wells scored, Thomas to third on throwing error by first baseman Barton. Overbay flied out to left. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 2nd. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Brown popped out to catcher. Crosby grounded out to second. Hannahan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Smith pitching for Athletics. Scutaro flied out to center. Zaun bunt popped out to catcher. Eckstein grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney struck out swinging. Buck struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Smith pitching for Athletics. Stewart walked. Rios struck out looking. Wells struck out swinging. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to second, Stewart out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop. Barton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellis out at second. Cust walked, Barton to second. Brown reached on infield single to third, Barton to third, Cust to second. Crosby singled to left, Barton scored, Cust to third, Brown to second. Hannahan walked, Cust scored, Brown to third, Crosby to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. Sweeney flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Hill flied out to left. Overbay flied out to left. Scutaro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Buck doubled to left. Ellis singled to left. Barton walked, Buck to third, Ellis to second. Cust struck out swinging. Brown lined out to pitcher. Crosby grounded into fielder's choice to third, Barton out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Zaun flied out to left. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Stewart singled to left. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Hannahan flied out to center. Suzuki flied out to second. Sweeney walked. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Buck grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Wells walked. Thomas struck out looking. Hill walked, Wells to second. Overbay grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Ellis flied out to left. Barton grounded out to first. Cust struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Scutaro struck out looking. Zaun singled to center. Zaun stole second. Eckstein struck out swinging. Stewart walked. Coats ran for Stewart. Rios reached on infield single to third, Zaun to third, Coats to second. Wells grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Coats in left field. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Brown singled to right. Crosby doubled to center, Brown to third, Crosby to second. Hannahan struck out looking. Suzuki intentionally walked. Sweeney grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Athletics. Thomas flied out to center. Hill struck out swinging. Overbay walked. Scutaro walked, Overbay to second. Zaun grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Buck hit by pitch. Ellis tripled to deep right center, Buck scored. Barton struck out swinging. Cust intentionally walked. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellis scored, Cust to second. Wolfe pitching for Blue Jays. Cust to third, Brown to second on wild pitch by Wolfe. Denorfia ran for Cust. Crosby doubled to left, Denorfia and Brown scored. Hannahan grounded out to first, Crosby to third. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Eckstein singled to center. Stairs hit for Coats. Stairs walked, Eckstein to second. Stairs hit for Coats. Stairs walked, Eckstein to second. Rios flied out to right. Wells flied out to center. Thomas grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 6 - Blue Jays 3.	Ellis drives A's 9th-inning comeback win over Jays