Blue Jays - Top 1st. Wang pitching for Yankees. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Eckstein grounded out to third. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Damon walked. Jeter doubled to deep right, Damon to third. Abreu grounded out to second, Damon scored, Jeter to third. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to right, Jeter scored. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Rolen grounded out to second. Stairs struck out swinging. Overbay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Posada singled to right. Cano singled to left center, Posada to second. Betemit grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Cano out at second, Posada to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Mench flied out to left. Barajas walked. Inglett singled to center, Barajas to second. Stewart walked, Barajas to third, Inglett to second. Eckstein struck out swinging. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inglett out at third, Stewart to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Damon singled to left center. Jeter struck out swinging, Damon stole second. Abreu singled to center, Damon to third. Rodriguez popped out to second. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Rolen walked. Stairs homered to right, Rolen scored. Overbay grounded out to pitcher. Mench flied out to center. Barajas struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Posada flied out to center. Cano grounded out to pitcher. Betemit struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Inglett walked. Stewart grounded out to pitcher, Inglett to second. Eckstein reached on infield single to third. Rios safe at first on error by center fielder Cabrera, Inglett scored, Eckstein to second. Rolen hit by pitch, Eckstein to third, Rios to second. Stairs singled to right, Eckstein and Rios scored, Rolen to third. Overbay doubled to deep center, Rolen and Stairs scored. Ohlendorf pitching for Yankees. Mench popped out to second. Barajas struck out looking. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 5th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera singled to right. Damon walked, Cabrera to second. Jeter hit by pitch, Cabrera to third, Damon to second. Abreu grounded out to first, Cabrera scored, Damon to third, Jeter to second. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to second, Damon scored, Jeter to third. Matsui grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Hawkins pitching for Yankees. Inglett lined out to center. Stewart flied out to right. Eckstein lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Posada struck out looking. Cano singled to center. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Betemit homered to left center, Cano scored. Cabrera struck out swinging. Damon singled to center. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Damon caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Jeter batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Hawkins pitching for Yankees. Rios walked. Rolen singled to left, Rios to second. Veras pitching for Yankees. Stairs grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Rolen out at second, Rios to third. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Wilkerson in right field. Scutaro at second base. Inglett in left field. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter grounded out to third. Abreu doubled to deep center. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez grounded out to second, Abreu to third. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Veras pitching for Yankees. Wilkerson walked. Wilkerson stole second. Barajas hit by pitch. Inglett sacrificed to pitcher, Wilkerson to third, Barajas to second. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilkerson out at home, Barajas to third, Scutaro to second advancing on play. Eckstein flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Posada walked. Duncan ran for Posada. Cano grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Duncan out at second. Betemit singled to right. Cabrera walked, Betemit to second. Betemit to third, Cabrera to second on passed ball by Barajas. Damon flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Molina catching. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Rios singled to right center. Rolen singled to right, Rios to second. Stairs hit ground rule double to deep center, Rios scored, Rolen to third. Overbay grounded out to first. Wilkerson intentionally walked. Barajas struck out swinging. Inglett lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter grounded out to third. Abreu lined out to center. Rodriguez singled to left. Rodriguez to second on fielder's indifference. Matsui singled to center, Rodriguez scored. Giambi hit for Molina. Giambi homered to right, Matsui scored. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 8 - Yankees 9.	Giambi belts 2-run HR in 9th to key Yanks