Braves - Top 1st. Parrish pitching for Blue Jays. Blanco grounded out to pitcher. Gotay struck out looking. Johnson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Hudson pitching for Braves. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Inglett grounded out to pitcher. Rios struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Parrish pitching for Blue Jays. Teixeira lined out to center. Norton struck out swinging. McCann flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Wells grounded out to third. Stairs singled to center. Rolen doubled to deep right, Stairs to third. Overbay grounded out to second, Stairs scored, Rolen to third. Barajas grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Parrish pitching for Blue Jays. Francoeur lined out to left. Lillibridge struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Lind struck out swinging. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Inglett reached on infield single to second. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to second, Inglett out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Parrish pitching for Blue Jays. Blanco singled to center. Gotay grounded into double play, third to second to first, Blanco out at second. Johnson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Wells lined out to shortstop. Stairs doubled to deep left center. Stairs to third on wild pitch by Hudson. Rolen struck out swinging. Overbay lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Parrish pitching for Blue Jays. Teixeira walked. Norton lined out to shortstop. McCann doubled to deep center, Teixeira scored. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCann out at third. Lillibridge flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Barajas homered to left. Lind grounded out to shortstop. Eckstein walked. Inglett grounded out to first, Eckstein to second. Eckstein to third on passed ball by McCann. Rios grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Parrish pitching for Blue Jays. Jones flied out to center. Blanco singled to center. Gotay popped out to first. Johnson singled to center, Blanco to second. Teixeira walked, Blanco to third, Johnson to second. Norton popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Wells homered to left. Stairs walked. Rolen singled to center, Stairs to second. Overbay walked, Stairs to third, Rolen to second. Bennett pitching for Braves. Barajas grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Stairs out at home, Rolen to third, Overbay to second. Lind hit sacrifice fly to center, Rolen scored, Overbay to third. Eckstein hit by pitch, Barajas to second. Inglett singled to center, Overbay and Barajas scored, Eckstein to third, Inglett to second advancing on throw. Rios struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. McCann grounded out to first. Francoeur struck out looking. Lillibridge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Ohman pitching for Braves. Wells singled to center. Stairs grounded into fielder's choice to first, Wells out at second. Rolen struck out swinging. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Jones hit ground rule double to left. Blanco tripled to deep left center, Jones scored. Gotay struck out swinging. Johnson singled to left center, Blanco scored. Teixeira homered to right, Johnson scored. Norton struck out swinging. McCann grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Acosta pitching for Braves. Barajas doubled to deep center. Lind grounded out to first, Barajas to third. Eckstein singled to right, Barajas scored. Inglett grounded out to first, Eckstein to second. Rios walked. Wells doubled to deep center, Eckstein and Rios scored, Wells thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Wilkerson in left field. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Francoeur flied out to right. Lillibridge singled to right. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lillibridge out at second. Blanco singled to left, Jones to second. Gotay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 5 - Blue Jays 9.	Wells helps drive Blue Jays past Braves