Blue Jays - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Inglett struck out looking. Scutaro grounded out to first. Rios singled to deep left, Rios to second on error by left fielder Matthews. Wells flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Figgins grounded out to third. Kotchman grounded out to pitcher. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Wilkerson struck out looking. Rolen struck out swinging. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Guerrero grounded out to third. Hunter struck out swinging. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Zaun flied out to left. Lind reached on infield single to shortstop. Inglett singled to right, Lind to second. Scutaro walked, Lind to third, Inglett to second. Rios singled to left, Lind and Inglett scored, Scutaro to second. Wells safe at first on error by third baseman Figgins, Scutaro scored, Rios to second. Wilkerson popped out to shortstop. Rios stole third, Wells stole second. Rolen struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Matthews struck out looking. Kendrick singled to left. Kendrick stole second. Napoli walked. Figgins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Napoli out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Overbay grounded out to second. Zaun flied out to right. Lind grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Kotchman singled to right. Izturis struck out swinging. Guerrero homered to center, Kotchman scored. Hunter grounded out to second. Anderson singled to right. Matthews grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Inglett struck out swinging. Scutaro doubled to left center. Rios grounded out to third. Wells homered to left center, Scutaro scored. Wilkerson safe at first on error by first baseman Kotchman. Rolen struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Napoli flied out to center. Figgins singled to left center. Kotchman singled to right, Figgins to second. Izturis lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Overbay doubled to deep center. Zaun grounded out to first, Overbay to third. Lind grounded into fielder's choice to second, Overbay scored. Inglett flied out to right. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lind out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Hunter struck out swinging. Anderson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Speier pitching for Angels. Rios singled to right center. Wells popped out to second. Rios stole second. Wilkerson walked, Rios stole third, Rios scored on throwing error by catcher Napoli. Wilkerson batting. Rolen flied out to right. Wilkerson to second on passed ball by Napoli. Overbay intentionally walked. Zaun struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 7th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Matthews struck out looking. Kendrick flied out to right. Napoli struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. O'Day pitching for Angels. Lind struck out swinging. Inglett grounded out to first. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Figgins singled to right. Figgins to second on wild pitch by Downs. Kotchman grounded out to second, Figgins to third. Izturis lined out to third. Guerrero doubled to deep center, Figgins scored. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. O'Day pitching for Angels. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Wells struck out swinging. Wilkerson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Anderson walked. Matthews singled to center, Anderson to second. Kendrick singled to right, Anderson scored, Matthews to third. Napoli grounded into double play, third to second to first, Matthews scored, Kendrick out at second. Figgins doubled to left center. Kotchman flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 7 - Angels 5.	Blue Jays take advantage of mistake-prone Halos