Blue Jays - Top 1st. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Inglett grounded out to second. Scutaro popped out to second. Rios safe at first on error by pitcher Hunter. Overbay reached first base on catcher's interference, Rios to second. Overbay batting. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler grounded out to third. Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Stairs walked. Barajas singled to center, Stairs to second. Rolen homered to center, Stairs and Barajas scored. Eckstein struck out swinging. Inglett grounded out to shortstop. Scutaro flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Hamilton struck out swinging. Byrd flied out to center. Murphy doubled to shallow left. Laird struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Rios singled to left. Overbay homered to right, Rios scored. Lind grounded out to shortstop. Stairs singled to right. Barajas doubled to deep left, Stairs to third. Rolen popped out to second. Eckstein flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Davis flied out to center. Vazquez flied out to center. Kinsler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Inglett singled to left. Scutaro singled to center, Inglett to third. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inglett scored, Scutaro out at second. Overbay flied out to left. Lind flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Catalanotto doubled to left. Young grounded out to third. Hamilton homered to center, Catalanotto scored. Byrd walked. Murphy flied out to left. Laird grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Stairs walked. Barajas flied out to right. Rolen struck out swinging. Eckstein safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler, Stairs to second. Inglett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Davis grounded out to second. Vazquez singled to left. Kinsler singled to left, Vazquez to second. Catalanotto singled to left, Vazquez scored, Kinsler to second. Young doubled to deep left center, Kinsler scored, Catalanotto to third. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Hamilton struck out swinging. Byrd intentionally walked. Murphy singled to center, Catalanotto and Young scored, Byrd out at third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Scutaro singled to left. Rios flied out to right. Overbay singled to center, Scutaro to second. Lind grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Overbay out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Laird safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rolen. Davis fouled out to third. Laird caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to first. Vazquez walked. League pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Boggs in left field. Byrd in center field. Murphy in right field. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Stairs struck out swinging. Barajas popped out to second. Rolen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Catalanotto hit by pitch. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Catalanotto out at second. Boggs flied out to center. Byrd reached on infield single to shortstop, Young to second. Murphy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Eckstein doubled to right. Inglett sacrificed to third, Eckstein to third. Scutaro flied out to left, Eckstein thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Laird grounded out to shortstop. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Davis struck out swinging. Vazquez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Rios reached on infield single to third. Metcalf at third base. Overbay flied out to right. Lind tripled to deep right, Rios scored. Mench hit for Stairs. Mench grounded out to shortstop, Lind scored. Barajas flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Scutaro at second base. Wilkerson in left field. McDonald at shortstop. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Saltalamacchia hit for Catalanotto. Saltalamacchia walked. Young singled to right, Saltalamacchia to second. Boggs doubled to deep left center, Saltalamacchia scored, Young to third. Byrd intentionally walked. Murphy singled to left, Young and Boggs scored, Byrd to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 8 - Rangers 9.	Rangers top Jays in ninth