Blue Jays - Top 1st. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Inglett struck out swinging. Scutaro singled to left. Rios doubled to deep left, Scutaro to third. Wells walked. Lind singled to left, Scutaro scored, Rios to third, Wells to second, Rios scored, Wells to third on error by left fielder Bay. Barajas hit by pitch, Lind to second. Overbay singled to right, Wells and Lind scored, Barajas to second. Wilkerson grounded out to first, Barajas to third, Overbay to second. McDonald doubled to deep left center, Barajas and Overbay scored. Inglett grounded out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury singled to right. Pedroia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ellsbury out at second. Ortiz walked. Youkilis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Scutaro singled to right. Rios grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Scutaro out at second. Wells struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Drew walked. Bay struck out looking. Lowrie singled to right, Drew to second. Cora flied into double play, center to second, Drew doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Lind homered to right. Barajas struck out looking. Overbay doubled to deep center. Aardsma pitching for Red Sox. Wilkerson tripled to deep right, Overbay scored. McDonald struck out swinging. Inglett lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Varitek singled to left center. Ellsbury flied out to left. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Bailey in right field. Aardsma pitching for Red Sox. Scutaro struck out looking. Rios doubled to deep left. Wells walked. Lind doubled to deep left, Rios scored, Wells to third. Barajas grounded out to third. Overbay walked. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Wilkerson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Youkilis homered to center. Bailey grounded out to third. Bay walked. Lowrie walked, Bay to second. Cora singled to right, Bay to third, Lowrie to second. Varitek grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cora out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Ellsbury in right field. Crisp in center field. Bailey at first base. Cash catching. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. McDonald singled to left. Inglett singled to right, McDonald to second. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inglett out at second, McDonald to third. Rios doubled to deep left, McDonald scored, Scutaro to third. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Lind flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury flied out to right. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Barajas walked. Overbay flied out to left. Wilkerson struck out swinging. McDonald doubled to deep left, Barajas scored. Inglett flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp grounded out to third. Bailey doubled to right. Bay struck out swinging. Lowrie tripled to deep center, Bailey scored. Cora grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. Rios doubled to deep left. Wells singled to left, Rios to third. Lind grounded out to second, Rios scored, Wells to second. Barajas struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Cash grounded out to shortstop. Ellsbury struck out looking. Pedroia homered to left. Casey hit for Ortiz. Casey struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Overbay doubled to deep left. Wilkerson struck out swinging. McDonald flied out to center. Inglett singled to center, Overbay scored. Scutaro singled to left, Inglett to second. Rios singled to left, Inglett scored, Scutaro to second. Wells hit ground rule double to left, Scutaro scored, Rios to third. Lind grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp walked. Bailey grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Crisp out at second. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Barajas struck out looking. Overbay struck out looking. Wilkerson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Lowrie doubled to deep right center. Cora reached on infield single to third, Lowrie scored, Cora to second on throwing error by third baseman Scutaro. Cash grounded out to shortstop. Ellsbury popped out to shortstop. Pedroia struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Blue Jays 15 - Red Sox 4.	Beckett torched as Jays assault Red Sox