Blue Jays - Top 1st. Colon pitching for Red Sox. Inglett flied out to center. Scutaro singled to center. Rios popped out to shortstop. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Scutaro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury walked. Pedroia doubled to deep right, Ellsbury to third. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ellsbury scored, Pedroia to third on wild pitch by Litsch, Pedroia scored on throwing error by catcher Zaun. Youkilis walked. Kotsay flied out to center. Bay popped out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Colon pitching for Red Sox. Overbay lined out to left. Lind singled to center. Rolen singled to center, Lind to second. Zaun safe at first on error by third baseman Lowrie, Lind to third, Rolen to second. Snider walked, Lind scored, Rolen to third, Zaun to second. Inglett doubled to left, Rolen and Zaun scored, Snider to third. Scutaro hit sacrifice fly to right, Snider scored, Inglett to third. Rios singled to center, Inglett scored. Wells struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Lowrie lined out to left. Cora grounded out to second. Cash walked. Ellsbury grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Colon pitching for Red Sox. Overbay grounded out to shortstop. Lind singled to center. Rolen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lind out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Pedroia grounded out to third. Ortiz grounded out to pitcher. Youkilis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Colon pitching for Red Sox. Zaun popped out to shortstop. Snider flied out to center. Inglett flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Kotsay lined out to first. Bay singled to center. Lowrie flied out to right. Cora popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Colon pitching for Red Sox. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. Rios grounded out to pitcher. Wells grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Cash walked. Ellsbury grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cash out at second. Pedroia doubled to deep left center. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Colon pitching for Red Sox. Overbay singled to center. Lind popped out to first. Rolen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Overbay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Youkilis doubled to deep left. Kotsay walked. Bay singled to center, Youkilis to third, Kotsay to second. Lowrie hit sacrifice fly to right, Youkilis scored, Kotsay to third. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Lowell hit for Cora. Lowell popped out to second. League pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp hit for Cash. Crisp grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Ellsbury in right field. Youkilis at third base. Kotsay at first base. Lowrie at shortstop. Ross catching. Crisp in center field. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Zaun grounded out to shortstop. Snider struck out swinging. Inglett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury doubled to deep right center. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop, Ellsbury to third. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Ortiz walked. Youkilis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ellsbury scored, Ortiz out at second. Kotsay grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Scutaro safe at first on error by third baseman Youkilis. Rios grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Scutaro out at second. Wells flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Bay doubled to deep left center. Lowrie singled to right center, Bay scored. Ross sacrificed to pitcher, Lowrie to second. Crisp grounded out to shortstop, Lowrie to third. Ellsbury reached on infield single to catcher, Lowrie scored. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Pedroia singled to left, Ellsbury to second. Ortiz doubled to deep left, Ellsbury scored, Pedroia to third. Youkilis popped out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Varitek catching. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Overbay grounded out to second. Lind struck out swinging. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Red Sox 7.	BoSox split day-night doubleheader with Blue Jays