Red Sox - Top 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury singled to left center. Ellsbury stole second. Pedroia walked. Ortiz flied out to right, Ellsbury to third. Youkilis struck out swinging, Pedroia stole second. Bay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Scutaro singled to center. Bautista grounded out to second, Scutaro to second. Rios singled to left, Scutaro scored. Wells struck out swinging, Rios stole second. Overbay flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Lowrie flied out to center. Crisp singled to center. Cora flied out to left. Varitek struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Rolen singled to right. Mench walked, Rolen to second. Thigpen sacrificed to third, Rolen to third, Mench to second. McDonald hit by pitch. Scutaro doubled to left, Rolen and Mench scored, McDonald to third. Bautista singled to left, McDonald scored, Scutaro to third. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Scutaro scored, Bautista safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Cora, Rios safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Cora. Wells intentionally walked. Overbay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wells out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Pedroia doubled to right. Ortiz singled to right center, Pedroia scored. Youkilis flied out to right. Bay homered to left, Ortiz scored. Lowrie grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Rolen struck out swinging. Mench struck out looking. Thigpen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp grounded out to third. Cora flied out to center. Varitek grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. McDonald grounded out to second. Scutaro grounded out to third. Bautista reached on infield single to second. Rios walked, Bautista to second. Wells popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher. Pedroia flied out to right. Ortiz walked. Youkilis singled to center, Ortiz to second. Ortiz to third, Youkilis to second on wild pitch by Halladay. Bay walked. Lowrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Overbay fouled out to third. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. Mench grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp grounded out to first. Cora grounded out to second. Varitek flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Thigpen singled to left center. McDonald sacrificed to pitcher, Thigpen to second. Scutaro flied out to right. Bautista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury popped out to second. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Rios singled to left. Wells grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rios out at second. Overbay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Youkilis struck out swinging. Bay reached on infield single to third. Lowrie grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bay safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Overbay. Crisp grounded out to first, Bay to third, Lowrie to second. Cora grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Rolen homered to left. Snider hit for Mench. Snider grounded out to third. Thigpen popped out to shortstop. McDonald grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Snider in left field. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Varitek flied out to right. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 3 - Blue Jays 6.	Halladay keeps BoSox from playoff berth