Cardinals - Top 1st. Wood pitching for Reds. Theriot grounded out to pitcher. Punto flied out to center. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Stubbs struck out looking. Janish flied out to center. Votto singled to left center. Phillips flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Wood pitching for Reds. Holliday flied out to right. Berkman homered to left center (410 feet). Molina homered to right (386 feet). Greene doubled to deep left. Jay walked. Carpenter grounded out to second, Greene to third, Jay to second. Theriot grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Bruce grounded out to first. Rolen flied out to right. Lewis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Wood pitching for Reds. Punto bunt grounded out to pitcher. Pujols popped out to shortstop. Holliday grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Hernandez homered to right (366 feet). Wood grounded out to third. Stubbs reached on infield single to second. Janish fouled out to first. Votto struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Wood pitching for Reds. Berkman singled to center. Molina struck out swinging. Greene popped into double play, to first, Berkman doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Bruce singled to center. Rolen singled to center, Bruce to third, Bruce scored, Rolen to third on throwing error by center fielder Jay. Lewis grounded out to second, Rolen scored. Hernandez singled to left. Wood struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Wood pitching for Reds. Jay singled to left center. Carpenter popped out to second. Theriot singled to left, Jay to second. Punto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Theriot out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Stubbs grounded out to second. Janish grounded out to first. Votto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Wood pitching for Reds. Pujols safe at first on error by third baseman Rolen. Holliday struck out looking. Berkman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pujols out at second. Molina singled to left center, Berkman to second. Greene struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Phillips safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols. Bruce struck out swinging. Rolen tripled to deep right, Phillips scored. Lewis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rolen out at home. Hernandez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Ondrusek pitching for Reds. Jay struck out swinging. Carpenter fouled out to first. Theriot grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Cairo hit for Ondrusek. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Cairo walked. Stubbs singled to right center, Cairo to second. Janish sacrificed to third, Cairo to third, Stubbs to second. Votto intentionally walked. Phillips doubled to deep right, Cairo and Stubbs scored, Votto to third. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Bruce doubled to deep right, Votto and Phillips scored. Rolen popped out to first. Lewis grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Arredondo pitching for Reds. Heisey in left field. Punto popped out to shortstop. Pujols flied out to right. Holliday flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Heisey homered to left (389 feet). Stubbs walked. Janish grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Stubbs out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Chapman pitching for Reds. Berkman walked. Molina walked, Berkman to second. Greene flied out to center, Berkman to third. Laird hit for Jay. Laird walked, Molina to second. Craig hit for Boggs. Craig walked, Berkman scored, Molina to third, Laird to second. Masset pitching for Reds. Theriot doubled to deep center, Molina and Laird scored, Craig to third. Cordero pitching for Reds. Punto doubled to left, Craig and Theriot scored. Pujols hit by pitch. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second, Punto to third. Berkman struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Reds 9.	Reds stop Carpenter, Cards for sweep