Reds - Top 1st. White pitching for Indians. Stubbs struck out swinging. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. Votto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Reds. Brantley struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to left. Choo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. White pitching for Indians. Phillips grounded out to second. Bruce doubled to deep left center. Rolen struck out swinging. Heisey popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Reds. Santana walked. Duncan lined out to left. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. White pitching for Indians. Hanigan struck out swinging. Janish walked. Stubbs walked, Janish to second. Gomes walked, Janish to third, Stubbs to second. Votto grounded into fielder's choice to first, Janish and Stubbs scored on throwing error by first baseman LaPorta, Gomes safe at second on throwing error by first baseman LaPorta. Phillips lined out to center, Gomes to third. Bruce grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Reds. LaPorta flied out to center. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. Hannahan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Rolen flied out to right. Heisey struck out looking. Hanigan singled to shallow center. Janish flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Reds. Brantley grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera lined out to center. Choo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Stubbs flied out to left. Gomes flied out to center. Votto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Reds. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Duncan flied out to center. Cabrera popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Phillips singled to center. Bruce singled to left center, Phillips to third. Rolen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Phillips scored, Bruce safe at second on error by second baseman Cabrera. Smith pitching for Indians. Bruce to third, Rolen to second on wild pitch by Smith. Heisey singled to left, Bruce scored, Rolen to third. Hanigan popped out to second. Heisey caught stealing second, catcher to second. Janish grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Reds. LaPorta grounded out to shortstop. Kearns singled to center. Hannahan singled to right, Kearns to third. Brantley singled to right, Kearns scored, Hannahan to third, Brantley to second on error by right fielder Bruce. Cabrera walked. Choo hit by pitch, Hannahan scored, Brantley to third, Cabrera to second. Ondrusek pitching for Reds. Santana walked, Brantley scored, Cabrera to third, Choo to second. Duncan hit sacrifice fly to left, Cabrera scored. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Santana out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 7th. Smith pitching for Indians. Stubbs lined out to center. Gomes grounded out to first. Sipp pitching for Indians. Votto singled to center. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Votto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Ondrusek pitching for Reds. LaPorta grounded out to shortstop. Kearns struck out swinging. Hannahan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Sipp pitching for Indians. Bruce flied out to left. Pestano pitching for Indians. Rolen singled to center. Heisey struck out swinging. Rolen stole second. Rolen safe at third on throwing error by catcher Santana. Hanigan lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 8th. Bray pitching for Reds. Brantley flied out to left. Cabrera flied out to center. Choo tripled to deep left center. Santana intentionally walked. Masset pitching for Reds. Carrera hit for Duncan. Carrera reached on bunt single to first, Choo scored, Santana to second. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Lewis hit for Janish. Lewis walked. Stubbs flied out to right. Gomes lined into double play, pitcher to first, Lewis out at first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 4 - Indians 5.	Indians rally from 4 down to beat slumping Reds