Reds - Top 1st. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Stubbs struck out swinging. Cozart flied out to center. Votto singled to center. Phillips flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Cueto pitching for Reds. Weeks singled to right. Morgan flied out to right, Weeks to third. Hart singled to right, Weeks scored. Hart to second on wild pitch by Cueto. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. Kotsay singled to center, Hart scored. McGehee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kotsay out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 2nd. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Bruce walked. Rolen flied out to center. Lewis doubled to deep left, Bruce scored. Hernandez homered to center (424 feet), Lewis scored. Cueto grounded out to first. Stubbs grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Cueto pitching for Reds. Betancourt doubled to left. Lucroy grounded out to pitcher, Betancourt to third. Marcum sacrificed to pitcher, Betancourt scored. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Cozart reached on infield single to third. Votto walked, Cozart to second. Phillips flied out to center, Cozart to third, Votto to second. Bruce intentionally walked. Rolen struck out swinging. Lewis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Cueto pitching for Reds. Morgan grounded out to second. Hart grounded out to third. Fielder safe at first on error by pitcher Cueto. Kotsay walked, Fielder to second. McGehee walked, Fielder to third, Kotsay to second. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McGehee out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 4th. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Hernandez lined out to right. Cueto bunt grounded out to pitcher. Stubbs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. Marcum struck out swinging. Weeks walked. Morgan singled to center, Weeks to second. Hart grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Cozart singled to center. Votto safe at first on throwing error by catcher Lucroy, Cozart to second. Phillips lined out to left. Bruce singled to right, Cozart to third, Votto to second. Rolen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cozart out at home, Votto to third, Bruce to second. Lewis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. Kotsay grounded out to first. McGehee singled to left. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to third, McGehee out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Hernandez lined out to right. Cueto grounded out to pitcher. Stubbs fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Lucroy flied out to center. Gamel hit for Marcum. Gamel flied out to left. Weeks flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Saito pitching for Brewers. Cozart struck out swinging. Votto singled to left. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to second, Votto out at second. Bruce singled to center, Phillips to second. Rolen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Morgan struck out swinging. Hart walked. Chapman pitching for Reds. Hart caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher. Fielder walked. Kotsay struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Hawkins pitching for Brewers. Lewis struck out swinging. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Heisey hit for Chapman. Heisey safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt. Stubbs flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Ondrusek pitching for Reds. Heisey in left field. McGehee walked. Jo Wilson ran for McGehee. Betancourt bunted into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second, Jo Wilson out at second. Lucroy singled to left. Kottaras hit for Hawkins. Kottaras grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lucroy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Jo Wilson at third base. Axford pitching for Brewers. Cozart flied out to center. Votto grounded out to first. Phillips lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Ondrusek pitching for Reds. Weeks singled to center. Bray pitching for Reds. Renteria at shortstop. Morgan struck out bunting foul. Hart flied out to right, Weeks to third. Fielder intentionally walked. Kotsay lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Top 10th. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Jo Wilson in left field. Counsell at third base. Bruce homered to right (375 feet). Rolen doubled to deep center. Renteria sacrificed to pitcher, Rolen to third. Hernandez singled to center, Rolen scored. Heisey safe at first on error by third baseman Counsell, Hernandez to second. Stubbs struck out swinging. Cairo hit for Bray. Cairo singled to center, Hernandez scored, Heisey to second. Votto singled to right, Heisey scored, Cairo to second, Cairo to third advancing on throw. Phillips singled to right, Cairo scored, Votto to second. Bruce lined out to center. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 10th. Cordero pitching for Reds. Jo Wilson doubled to shallow right. Betancourt singled to center, Jo Wilson scored. Lucroy struck out swinging. Counsell flied out to right. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 8 - Brewers 4.	Bruce sparks 5-run 10th as Reds dump Brewers