Reds - Top 1st. Correia pitching for Pirates. Phillips reached on infield single to third. Lewis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phillips out at second. Votto lined into double play, third to first, Lewis doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Bailey pitching for Reds. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. Jones singled to center. McCutchen struck out swinging, Jones stole second. Doumit walked. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Correia pitching for Pirates. Bruce flied out to left. Frazier lined out to right. Stubbs singled to left. Hanigan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Bailey pitching for Reds. Ludwick struck out swinging. Wood lined out to pitcher. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Correia pitching for Pirates. Janish grounded out to third. Bailey grounded out to second. Phillips grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Bailey pitching for Reds. Correia grounded out to shortstop. Tabata lined out to second. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Correia pitching for Pirates. Lewis singled to right. Votto homered to center (424 feet), Lewis scored. Bruce flied out to left. Frazier grounded out to third. Stubbs struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Bailey pitching for Reds. McCutchen singled to center. Doumit flied out to left. Walker singled to right, McCutchen to second. Ludwick walked, McCutchen to third, Walker to second. Wood hit sacrifice fly to right, McCutchen scored. Cedeno singled to center, Walker scored, Ludwick to third. Correia flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Correia pitching for Pirates. Hanigan homered to left (400 feet). Janish doubled to deep left. Bailey sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Janish to third. Phillips homered to left (406 feet), Janish and Bailey scored. Lewis grounded out to shortstop. Votto lined out to left. Bruce grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Tabata reached on infield single to pitcher. Jones struck out looking, Tabata stole second. McCutchen walked. Doumit singled to center, Tabata to third, McCutchen to second. Walker hit sacrifice fly to left, Tabata scored. Ludwick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Correia pitching for Pirates. Frazier singled to center. Stubbs grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Frazier out at second. Hanigan walked. Janish fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. LeCure pitching for Reds. Cairo at third base. Wood singled to left. Cedeno doubled to right, Wood to third. Diaz hit for Correia. Diaz grounded out to second, Wood scored, Cedeno to third. Tabata grounded out to pitcher. Chapman pitching for Reds. Jones grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Cairo flied out to left. Phillips singled to left center. Lewis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Phillips out at second. Votto walked, Lewis to second. Beimel pitching for Pirates. Bruce singled to center, Lewis scored, Votto to third. Sappelt hit for Chapman. Sappelt walked, Bruce to second. Grilli pitching for Pirates. Stubbs struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Bray pitching for Reds. Sappelt in left field. McCutchen lined out to left. Doumit grounded out to third. Walker hit by pitch. Ludwick doubled to deep left, Walker to third. Arredondo pitching for Reds. Wood singled to left center, Walker and Ludwick scored, Wood to second advancing on throw. Cedeno struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Resop pitching for Pirates. Hanigan lined out to right. Janish reached on infield single to shortstop. Janish stole second. Cairo singled to center, Janish to third. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Janish scored, Cairo out at second. Alonso hit for Arredondo. Alonso lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Masset pitching for Reds. Paul hit for Resop. Paul doubled to deep center. Tabata reached on infield single to shortstop, Paul to third. Jones doubled to left, Paul scored, Tabata to third. McCutchen singled to left center, Tabata scored, Jones thrown out at home, McCutchen to second advancing on throw. Doumit reached on infield single to second, McCutchen to third. Wood pitching for Reds. Walker walked, Doumit to second. Ludwick flied out to center, McCutchen thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Tabata in left field. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Paul in right field. Votto walked. Bruce popped out to third. Sappelt singled to right, Votto to third. Stubbs grounded into fielder's choice to second, Votto scored, Sappelt safe at third on error by catcher Doumit, Stubbs safe at second on error by catcher Doumit. Hanigan singled to center, Sappelt and Stubbs scored. Veras pitching for Pirates. Janish popped out to shortstop. Cairo struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Cordero pitching for Reds. Wood flied out to right. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop. Paul grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 11 - Pirates 8.	Reds blow four-run lead but beat Pirates