Royals - Top 1st . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Merrifield doubled to deep right . Mondesi flied out to center . Merrifield stole third . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Merrifield out at home . Franco walked , Pérez to second . Dozier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Junis pitching for Royals . Reyes lined out to left . Castro singled to center . Cabrera walked , Castro to second . Candelario grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second , Castro to third . Goodrum singled to left center , Castro scored , Goodrum to second , Candelario to third . Bonifacio singled to center , Candelario scored and Goodrum scored , Bonifacio to second . Romine struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Olivares fouled out to first . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . Starling grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Junis pitching for Royals . Paredes doubled to left . Cameron lined out to left . Reyes lined into double play , to shortstop , Paredes doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Lopez walked . Merrifield flied out to right . Mondesi struck out swinging . Pérez doubled to deep center , Lopez to third . Franco lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Junis pitching for Royals . Castro struck out swinging . Cabrera homered to right ( 368 feet ) . Candelario singled to shallow center . Goodrum reached on infield single to pitcher , Candelario to second . Newberry pitching for Royals . Bonifacio walked , Goodrum to second , Candelario to third . Romine hit sacrifice fly to center , Candelario scored . Paredes flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Dozier struck out swinging . Olivares lined out to right . Gutiérrez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Newberry pitching for Royals . Cameron lined out to center . Reyes struck out swinging . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Starling struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to second . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Zuber pitching for Royals . Cabrera walked . Candelario singled to right center , Cabrera to second . Goodrum walked , Candelario to second , Cabrera to third . Bonifacio struck out looking . Romine struck out swinging . Paredes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Mondesi flied out to right . Pérez flied out to right . Franco walked . Dozier walked , Franco to second . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Olivares grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Dozier out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Harvey pitching for Royals . Cameron struck out swinging . Reyes struck out swinging . Castro homered to left ( 377 feet ) . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Candelario singled to left , Cabrera to third . Adams pitching for Royals . Goodrum struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . Starling struck out swinging . Lopez walked . Merrifield singled to left , Lopez to third . Mondesi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Adams pitching for Royals . Bonifacio singled to center . Romine reached on infield single to shortstop , Bonifacio to second . Paredes popped out to second . Cameron struck out swinging . Reyes lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Pérez singled to deep left center . Franco struck out swinging . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pérez out at second . Olivares grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dozier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Castro singled to right . Cabrera walked , Castro to second . Hill ran for Cabrera . Candelario grounded into double play , first to shortstop to third , Hill to second , Castro out at third . Goodrum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Hill as designated hitter . Heath hit for Gutiérrez . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Heath grounded out to second . O'Hearn hit for Starling . O'Hearn grounded out to second . Lopez singled to center . Merrifield grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 0 - Tigers 6 .	Miguel Cabrera homers to help Tigers beat Royals 6 - 0