Phillies - Top 1st . Ginter pitching for Mets . Glanville singled to shallow center . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Glanville out at second . Abreu reached on infield single to second , Utley to second . Thome walked , Utley to third , Abreu to second . Burrell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Thome out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Myers pitching for Phillies . Matsui grounded out to pitcher . Garcia singled to right center . Floyd grounded out to pitcher , Garcia to second . Piazza grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Ginter pitching for Mets . Bell flied out to right . Lieberthal popped out to second . Rollins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Garcia flied out to center . Phillips flied out to left . Cameron walked . Cameron stole second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Ginter pitching for Mets . Myers grounded out to third . Glanville flied out to right . Utley singled to right center . Abreu popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Ginter flied out to center . Matsui reached on infield single to third . Matsui stole second . Garcia walked . Floyd flied out to right , Matsui to third . Piazza doubled to deep left , Matsui scored , Garcia to third . Garcia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Ginter pitching for Mets . Thome grounded out to shortstop . Burrell flied out to center . Bell flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Phillips singled to left . Cameron struck out swinging . Wigginton lined out to left . Ginter walked , Phillips to second . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ginter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Ginter pitching for Mets . Lieberthal hit by pitch . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lieberthal out at second , Rollins to first , Rollins to second on throwing error by second baseman Garcia . Myers grounded out to shortstop , Rollins to third . Glanville grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 5th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Garcia struck out looking . Floyd flied out to center . Piazza singled to left . Garcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Ginter pitching for Mets . Utley grounded out to third . Abreu flied out to center . Thome doubled to deep center . Burrell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Phillips singled to center . Cameron flied out to center . Valent hit for Ginter . Wigginton doubled to left , Phillips to third . Valent struck out swinging . Matsui intentionally walked . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Garcia walked , Phillips scored , Wigginton to third , Matsui to second . Floyd walked , Wigginton scored , Matsui to third , Garcia to second . Bottalico pitching for Mets . Piazza struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Bottalico pitching for Mets . Bell safe at first on error by shortstop Matsui . Lieberthal doubled to left , Bell scored . Michaels hit for Hernandez . Rollins flied out to center , Lieberthal to third . Franco pitching for Mets . Michaels walked . Glanville singled to shallow center , Lieberthal scored , Michaels to second . Stanton pitching for Mets . McEwing at second base . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Michaels scored on throwing error by first baseman Piazza , Glanville safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Piazza . Abreu walked , Utley to second . Thome doubled to right , Glanville and Utley scored , Abreu to third . Weathers pitching for Mets . Burrell intentionally walked . Bell hit sacrifice fly to center , Abreu scored . Madson pitching for Phillies . Lieberthal flied out to right . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Garcia flied out to right . Phillips struck out swinging . Cameron grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Weathers pitching for Mets . Rollins walked . Madson sacrificed to pitcher , Rollins to second . Glanville grounded out to second , Rollins to third . Utley lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Wigginton reached on infield single to third . McEwing struck out swinging . Spencer hit for Weathers . Matsui struck out swinging . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Spencer singled to center , Wigginton to second . Floyd safe at first on error by second baseman Utley , Wigginton to third , Spencer to second . Zeile hit for Garcia . Piazza walked , Wigginton scored , Spencer to third , Floyd to second . Spencer in right field . Looper pitching for Mets . Zeile struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 9th . Looper pitching for Mets . Abreu singled to center . Abreu stole second . Thome intentionally walked . Burrell walked , Abreu to third , Thome to second . Bell fouled out to third . Lieberthal hit sacrifice fly to center , Abreu scored , Thome to third . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Rollins grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Phillips flied out to right . Cameron hit by pitch . Wilson hit for McEwing . Wigginton struck out swinging . Cameron to second on fielder 's indifference . Wilson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 7 - Mets 4 .	Piazza 's error sets stage for Phillies ' comeback