Mets - Top 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Reyes lined out to third . Matsui popped out to second . Piazza flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Ginter pitching for Mets . Williams reached on infield single to pitcher . Jeter hit by pitch , Williams to second . Sheffield singled to left center , Williams scored , Jeter to third . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third , Jeter scored , Sheffield to second . Matsui struck out swinging . Posada doubled to left center , Sheffield scored , Rodriguez to third . Sierra homered to right , Rodriguez and Posada scored . Clark struck out swinging . Cairo lined out to right . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Floyd popped out to second . Hidalgo grounded out to shortstop . Cameron homered to left . Wigginton walked . Valent struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Ginter pitching for Mets . Williams flied out to center . Jeter safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Matsui . Sheffield lined out to right . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Wilson singled to right center . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wilson out at second . Matsui struck out swinging . Piazza singled to left , Reyes to second . Floyd flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Ginter pitching for Mets . Matsui flied out to left . Posada grounded out to second . Sierra walked . Clark grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sierra out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Hidalgo homered to center . Cameron lined out to second . Wigginton lined out to third . Valent doubled to right . Wilson struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Ginter pitching for Mets . Cairo homered to left . Williams singled to right . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Jeter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Williams out at second . Crosby in right field . NY Yankees 's Sheffield ejected by Hohn in the 5th . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . Matsui fouled out to catcher . Piazza grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Rodriguez safe at second on error by second baseman Reyes . Matsui grounded out to second , Rodriguez to third . Posada walked . Sierra struck out swinging . Clark grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 6th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Floyd struck out swinging . Hidalgo homered to left . Cameron struck out swinging . Wigginton struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Cairo safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Wigginton . Williams grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cairo out at second . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 7th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Valent singled to left . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Wilson walked , Valent to second . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wilson out at second , Valent to third . Matsui singled to right center , Valent scored , Reyes to third . Piazza hit sacrifice fly to left , Reyes scored . Heredia pitching for Yankees . Floyd grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Crosby singled to right . Rodriguez singled to left , Crosby to second . Parra pitching for Mets . Matsui struck out swinging , Crosby stole third , Rodriguez stole second . Stanton pitching for Mets . Posada intentionally walked . Sierra singled to left , Crosby and Rodriguez scored , Posada to second . Clark grounded out to first , Posada to third , Sierra to second . Cairo singled to center , Posada and Sierra scored . Prinz pitching for Yankees . Williams flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Prinz pitching for Yankees . Hidalgo reached on infield single to shortstop . Cameron struck out looking . Franco pitching for Mets . Wigginton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hidalgo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Franco pitching for Mets . Jeter reached on infield single to third . Crosby struck out looking . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Matsui struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Spencer hit for Wilson . Prinz pitching for Yankees . Valent homered to right . Spencer grounded out to second . Reyes struck out looking . Matsui grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 6 - Yankees 11 .	Yanks sweep Mets