Yankees - Top 1st . Seo pitching for Mets . Williams singled to center . Jeter lined out to right . Williams caught stealing second , catcher to second . Sheffield singled to center . Rodriguez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Matsui walked . Zeile singled to right , Matsui to third . Piazza hit sacrifice fly to left , Matsui scored . Floyd struck out swinging . Hidalgo hit by pitch , Zeile to second . Spencer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Seo pitching for Mets . Matsui walked . Posada fouled out to left . Clark grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Phillips walked . Wigginton homered to right , Phillips scored . Seo grounded out to shortstop . Matsui singled to left . Zeile flied out to center . Piazza grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Seo pitching for Mets . Cairo safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Matsui . Vazquez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Cairo out at second . Williams homered to right . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop . Sheffield grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Floyd struck out swinging . Hidalgo walked . Spencer safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez , Hidalgo to third . Phillips hit sacrifice fly to left , Hidalgo scored . Wigginton singled to left , Spencer to second . Seo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Seo pitching for Mets . Rodriguez flied out to center . Matsui flied out to center . Posada flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Matsui walked . Zeile walked , Matsui to second . Piazza grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zeile out at second , Matsui to third . Floyd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Seo pitching for Mets . Clark struck out swinging . Cairo singled to right center . Vazquez sacrificed to catcher , Cairo to second . Williams reached on infield single to shortstop , Cairo scored . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop , Williams to second . Sheffield popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Hidalgo singled to left . Spencer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hidalgo out at second . Phillips singled to left , Spencer to second . Wigginton flied out to left . Seo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Seo pitching for Mets . Rodriguez walked . Matsui singled to left center , Rodriguez to second . Posada grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Matsui out at second , Rodriguez to third . Stanton pitching for Mets . Prinz pitching for Yankees . Clark flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Prinz pitching for Yankees . Matsui flied out to center . Zeile struck out looking . Piazza lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Lofton hit for Prinz . Stanton pitching for Mets . Cairo singled to right center . Lofton singled to center , Cairo to second . Bottalico pitching for Mets . Williams singled to center , Cairo scored , Williams out at second , Lofton to third . Bottalico pitching for Mets . Jeter singled to center , Lofton scored . Sheffield flied out to right . Heredia pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Heredia pitching for Yankees . Floyd grounded out to shortstop . Hidalgo homered to left . Spencer struck out looking . Moreno pitching for Mets . Phillips popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Moreno pitching for Mets . Matsui doubled to deep center . Posada singled to center , Matsui scored . Clark struck out swinging . Giambi hit for Heredia . Cairo reached on infield single to second , Posada hit by batted ball out at second . Cairo to second on passed ball by Phillips . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Giambi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Wigginton homered to left center . Valent hit for Moreno . Valent walked . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Valent out at second . Zeile struck out looking , Matsui stole second . McEwing ran for Piazza . Piazza intentionally walked . Zeile at first base . McEwing in center field . Looper pitching for Mets . Spencer in left field . Wigginton at third base . Reyes at second base . Floyd popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Looper pitching for Mets . Williams grounded out to second . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield singled to center . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sheffield out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 5 - Mets 6 .	How sweep it is : Mets beat Yankees again