Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Leiter pitching for Mets . Green bunt grounded out to pitcher . Cintron walked . Bautista grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Cintron out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Valent doubled to deep center . McEwing sacrificed to pitcher , Valent to third . Floyd singled to center , Valent scored . Hidalgo lined out to left . Cameron reached on infield single to shortstop , Floyd to second . Wright lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Leiter pitching for Mets . Hillenbrand singled to center . Terrero popped out to second . Hairston homered to left , Hillenbrand scored . Olson grounded out to shortstop . Brito grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson struck out swinging . Delgado flied out to center . Leiter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Leiter pitching for Mets . Gonzalez singled to shallow center . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second . Cintron grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Green out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Valent grounded out to second . McEwing safe at first on error by third baseman Green . Floyd homered to left , McEwing scored . Hidalgo singled to left . Cameron flied out to center , Hidalgo to second . Wright flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Leiter pitching for Mets . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Terrero singled to right . Hairston struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Delgado reached on infield single to shortstop . Leiter sacrificed to catcher , Delgado to second , Leiter safe at first on throwing error by catcher Brito . Delgado to third on throwing error by catcher Brito . Valent grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Leiter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Leiter pitching for Mets . Olson grounded out to second . Brito grounded out to first . Gonzalez singled to left center . Green grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . McEwing struck out swinging . Floyd flied out to center . Hidalgo singled to shallow left center . Cameron struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Leiter pitching for Mets . Cintron fouled out to first . Bautista walked . Hillenbrand popped out to third . Terrero walked , Bautista to second . Hairston reached on infield single to pitcher , Bautista to third , Terrero to second . Olson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Wright hit by pitch . Wilson tripled to deep center , Wright scored . Delgado grounded out to third . Leiter walked . Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks . Valent struck out swinging . McEwing grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . McCracken hit for Fetters . Leiter pitching for Mets . Brito grounded out to first . McCracken singled to left . Green flied out to center . Cintron singled to shallow right , McCracken to second . Bottalico pitching for Mets . Bautista singled to left center , McCracken scored , Cintron to second . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy at first base . Hillenbrand flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Floyd grounded out to pitcher . Hidalgo grounded out to pitcher . Cameron walked . Cameron stole second . Cameron to third on wild pitch by Koplove . Wright walked . Wilson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Bottalico pitching for Mets . Terrero grounded out to shortstop . Hairston singled to right . Olson grounded into double play , second to first , Hairston out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Zeile hit for Bottalico . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Delgado struck out swinging . Zeile flied out to center . Looper pitching for Mets . Zeile at first base . Hill hit for Brito . Valent flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Looper pitching for Mets . Hill grounded out to first . Baerga hit for Green . Tracy grounded out to shortstop . Baerga grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Mets 4 .	Not difficult : Floyd , Mets roll over Diamondbacks