Reds - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Choo flied out to left . Phillips doubled to right . Votto grounded out to second , Phillips to third . Ludwick flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Dickerson tripled to deep right center . LeMahieu doubled to right , Dickerson scored . Tulowitzki walked , LeMahieu tagged out at third . Tulowitzki batting . Rosario grounded into double play , third to second to first , Tulowitzki out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Bruce walked . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bruce out at second . Cozart singled to right center , Frazier to second . Hanigan singled to left , Frazier scored , Cozart to second . Arroyo sacrificed to pitcher , Cozart to third , Hanigan to second . Choo popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Helton grounded out to second . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . Blackmon singled to left . Culberson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Phillips hit by pitch . Votto walked , Phillips to second . Ludwick grounded into double play , third to second to first , Votto out at second , Phillips to third . Bruce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Arroyo pitching for Reds . De La Rosa grounded out to pitcher . Dickerson flied out to center . LeMahieu grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Frazier doubled to left . Cozart grounded out to first , Frazier to third . Hanigan singled to right , Frazier scored . Arroyo sacrificed to catcher , Hanigan to second . Choo grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop . Rosario singled to left , Tulowitzki to second . Helton homered to right ( 398 feet ) , Tulowitzki and Rosario scored . Arenado singled to left . Blackmon singled to center , Arenado to second . Culberson doubled to deep left , Arenado and Blackmon scored . De La Rosa grounded out to second , Culberson to third . Simon pitching for Reds . Dickerson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Culberson out at home . LeMahieu singled to right , Dickerson to third . Tulowitzki lined out to center . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Votto struck out swinging . Ludwick homered to left ( 419 feet ) . Bruce doubled to deep center . Frazier grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Simon pitching for Reds . Rosario singled to left . Helton flied out to left . Arenado flied out to right . Blackmon singled to left , Rosario to third . Culberson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Cozart lined out to center . Hanigan hit by pitch . Izturis hit for Simon . Izturis doubled to deep left , Hanigan to third . Choo grounded out to third . Phillips struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Ondrusek pitching for Reds . Pacheco hit for De La Rosa . Pacheco grounded out to second . Dickerson struck out swinging . LeMahieu lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Votto walked . Ludwick grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Votto out at second . Bruce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Ondrusek pitching for Reds . Tulowitzki singled to right . Rosario singled to left , Tulowitzki to second . Helton homered to right ( 377 feet ) , Tulowitzki and Rosario scored . Arenado singled to right . Duke pitching for Reds . Heisey in left field . Blackmon struck out swinging . Culberson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Arenado out at second . Ottavino singled to right , Culberson to third . Dickerson fouled out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Frazier grounded out to third . Cozart grounded out to third . Hanigan popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Duke pitching for Reds . LeMahieu lined out to right . Tulowitzki singled to right . Rosario doubled to deep left center , Tulowitzki to third . Helton struck out swinging . Mesoraco catching . Hoover pitching for Reds . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Heisey singled to shallow right . Choo doubled to right , Heisey to third . Phillips singled to center , Heisey and Choo scored . Phillips to second on wild pitch by Francis . Votto grounded out to second , Phillips to third . Mesoraco hit sacrifice fly to center , Phillips scored . Bruce grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 6 - Rockies 9 .	Helton 's 2 homers power Rockies past Reds