Astros - Top 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Springer lined out to shortstop. Altuve lined out to right. Brantley walked. Bregman popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Astros. LeMahieu walked. Judge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LeMahieu out at second. Hicks singled to right center, Judge to second. Torres popped out to first. Hicks stole second, Judge stole third. Encarnación walked. Gardner walked, Judge scored, Encarnación to second, Hicks to third. Sánchez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Gurriel lined out to center. Alvarez grounded out to second. Correa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Astros. Urshela popped out to shortstop. Gregorius singled to left. LeMahieu grounded out to first, Gregorius to second. Judge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Chirinos walked. Reddick singled to right, Chirinos to second. Springer homered to left (408 feet), Chirinos scored and Reddick scored. Altuve reached on infield single to third. Brantley singled to right, Altuve to third. Bregman grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bregman to second, Brantley to third, Altuve out at home in rundown. Gurriel flied out to right. Alvarez flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Astros. Hicks struck out swinging. Torres flied out to right. Encarnación struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Correa lined out to left. Chirinos grounded out to shortstop. Reddick flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Astros. Gardner struck out swinging. Sánchez grounded out to shortstop. Urshela grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Springer grounded out to shortstop. Altuve flied out to center. Brantley lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Astros. Gregorius grounded out to first. LeMahieu singled to right. Judge walked, LeMahieu to second. Pressly pitching for Astros. Hicks walked, Judge to second, LeMahieu to third. Torres struck out swinging. Encarnación struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Bregman safe at first on error by first baseman LeMahieu. Green pitching for Yankees. Gurriel popped out to shortstop. Alvarez singled to center, Bregman to third. Correa homered to left (403 feet), Bregman scored and Alvarez scored. Chirinos fouled out to first. Reddick struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. James pitching for Astros. Gardner walked. Sánchez homered to left (403 feet), Gardner scored. Urshela struck out swinging. Gregorius fouled out to third. LeMahieu hit ground rule double to right. Judge struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Kahnle pitching for Yankees. Springer struck out looking. Altuve lined out to right. Brantley lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Harris pitching for Astros. Hicks struck out looking. Torres struck out looking. Encarnación grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Ottavino pitching for Yankees. Bregman doubled to left. Gurriel safe at first on error by first baseman LeMahieu, Bregman safe at third on error by first baseman LeMahieu. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Bregman scored on error by second baseman Torres, Alvarez safe at first on error by second baseman Torres, Gurriel to second. Correa lined out to right. Chirinos hit by pitch, Alvarez to second, Gurriel to third. Díaz hit for Reddick. Díaz flied out to right. Loaisiga pitching for Yankees. Springer struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Springer in right field. Marisnick in center field. Smith pitching for Astros. Gardner struck out swinging. Sánchez struck out looking. Urshela safe at second on error by third baseman Bregman. Osuna pitching for Astros. Gregorius fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 9th. Loaisiga pitching for Yankees. Altuve safe at second on error by second baseman Torres. Altuve to third on wild pitch by Loaisiga. Brantley singled to left center, Altuve scored. Brantley to second on wild pitch by Loaisiga. Bregman walked. Gurriel popped out to shortstop. Lyons pitching for Yankees. Alvarez struck out swinging. Correa struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Osuna pitching for Astros. LeMahieu flied out to right. Judge grounded out to shortstop. Hicks walked. Torres flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 8 - Yankees 3.	Astros power past Yanks for 3-1 ALCS lead, Verlander up next