Cardinals - Top 1st. Castillo pitching for Reds. Edman grounded out to second. Goldschmidt hit ground rule double to deep right. Arenado reached on infield single to second, Goldschmidt to third. DeJong reached on infield single to second, Goldschmidt scored, Arenado to third. O'Neill hit by pitch, DeJong to second. Arenado scored and DeJong scored on error, Molina safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Suárez, O'Neill to second. Carlson homered to right (355 feet), O'Neill scored and Molina scored. Williams grounded out to second. Flaherty lined out to right. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 1st. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Winker doubled to deep right. Castellanos flied out to right, Winker to third. Winker scored on Flaherty wild pitch. Votto popped out to third. Suárez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Edman lined out to left. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third, Goldschmidt safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Suárez. Arenado singled to center, Goldschmidt scored. DeJong grounded into double play, third to second to first, Arenado out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Moustakas flied out to left. Senzel struck out swinging. India struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Castillo pitching for Reds. O'Neill fouled out to right. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Carlson walked. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Carlson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Barnhart hit by pitch. Castillo sacrificed to catcher, Barnhart to second. Winker struck out looking. Castellanos homered to left (407 feet), Barnhart scored. Votto flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Castillo pitching for Reds. Flaherty walked. Edman reached on infield single to catcher, Flaherty to second. Goldschmidt singled to right center, Flaherty scored, Edman to third. Edman scored on Castillo wild pitch, Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Castillo. Arenado lined out to center. Bedrosian pitching for Reds. DeJong struck out swinging. O'Neill homered to left (391 feet), Goldschmidt scored. Molina grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Suárez homered to right (346 feet). Moustakas grounded out to second. Naquin hit for Senzel. Naquin grounded out to first. India doubled to left. Barnhart flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Naquin in center field. Romano pitching for Reds. Stephenson catching. Carlson struck out looking. Williams grounded out to second. Flaherty walked. Edman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Flaherty out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Stephenson flied out to center. Winker walked. Castellanos doubled to left, Winker to third. Votto singled to center, Winker scored, Castellanos to third. Suárez walked, Votto to second. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Moustakas hit sacrifice fly to center, Castellanos scored. Aquino hit for Naquin. Aquino fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Aquino in center field. Romano pitching for Reds. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. Arenado struck out looking. DeJong lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Helsley pitching for Cardinals. India singled to left center. Blandino hit for Romano. Blandino struck out looking. Stephenson singled to right, India to second. Winker singled to right, Stephenson to second, India to third. Castellanos lined into double play, left to second, Stephenson thrown out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Fulmer pitching for Reds. O'Neill grounded out to third. Molina fouled out to first. Carlson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Votto fouled out to catcher. Suárez walked. Moustakas walked, Suárez to second. Aquino flied out to right. India flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Fulmer pitching for Reds. Williams flied out to center. Carpenter hit for Cabrera. Carpenter struck out swinging. Edman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Farmer hit for Fulmer. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Farmer struck out swinging. Stephenson grounded out to shortstop. Winker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Doolittle pitching for Reds. Farmer in left field. Goldschmidt doubled to deep left. Arenado struck out swinging. DeJong grounded out to third. O'Neill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 9th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Castellanos singled to center. Votto flied out to center. Suárez popped out to second. Castellanos to second on fielder's indifference. Moustakas walked, Castellanos to third on fielder's indifference. Aquino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 11 - Reds 6.	Goldschmidt, Arenado deliver, Cards open fast, top Reds 11-6