Cardinals - Top 1st. Mahle pitching for Reds. Edman flied out to left. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Arenado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Winker lined out to right. Castellanos grounded out to second. Votto lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Mahle pitching for Reds. DeJong homered to left (404 feet). O'Neill struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to third. Carlson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Suárez flied out to right. Moustakas flied out to center. India struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Mahle pitching for Reds. Williams struck out swinging. Wainwright struck out looking. Edman walked. Goldschmidt walked, Edman to second. Arenado flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Naquin walked. Barnhart homered to right center (403 feet), Naquin scored. Mahle lined out to first. Winker reached on infield single to catcher. Castellanos singled to center, Winker to second. Votto grounded out to first, Castellanos to second, Winker to third. Suárez reached on infield single to third, Winker scored, Castellanos to third. Moustakas singled to left, Castellanos scored, Suárez to second. India reached on infield single to catcher, Moustakas to second, Suárez to third. Naquin singled to center, Moustakas scored and Suárez scored, India to third. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Barnhart struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Mahle pitching for Reds. DeJong homered to left center (387 feet). O'Neill struck out looking. Molina singled to center. Carlson struck out swinging. Williams struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Mahle grounded out to second. Winker struck out looking. Castellanos hit by pitch. Votto singled to right center, Castellanos to third. Suárez walked, Votto to second. Castellanos scored on Woodford wild pitch, Suárez to second on wild pitch by Woodford, Votto to third on wild pitch by Woodford. Moustakas walked. India hit by pitch, Votto scored, Moustakas to second, Suárez to third. Naquin struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Aquino in right field. Mahle pitching for Reds. Woodford struck out looking. Edman grounded out to first. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Barnhart reached on infield single to second. Mahle grounded into double play, second to first, Barnhart out at second. Winker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Mahle pitching for Reds. Arenado singled to shallow left center. Senzel in center field. Aquino in left field. Naquin in right field. Bedrosian pitching for Reds. DeJong walked, Arenado to second. O'Neill struck out swinging. Molina flied out to right. Arenado scored on error, Carlson safe at first on fielding error by left fielder Aquino, Carlson safe at second on error, DeJong safe at third on error. Dean hit for Williams. Pérez pitching for Reds. Dean popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 6th. Dean in right field. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Aquino homered to left (404 feet). Votto struck out swinging. Suárez struck out swinging. Moustakas doubled to right. India reached on infield single to shortstop, Moustakas to third. Naquin hit by pitch, India to second. Barnhart struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Nogowski hit for Miller. Perez pitching for Reds. Nogowski grounded out to second. Edman grounded out to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Hicks pitching for Cardinals. Pérez grounded out to second. Senzel grounded out to third. Aquino grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Perez pitching for Reds. Arenado struck out swinging. DeJong walked. O'Neill singled to left, DeJong to second. Doolittle pitching for Reds. Molina walked, O'Neill to second, DeJong to third. Carlson hit sacrifice fly to right, DeJong scored, O'Neill to third. Dean struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Votto grounded out to second. Suárez struck out swinging. Moustakas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Romano pitching for Reds. Carpenter hit for Webb. Carpenter flied out to left. Edman grounded out to second. Goldschmidt singled to center. Arenado homered to left (395 feet), Goldschmidt scored. DeJong flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 6 - Reds 9.	Reds scrap with Cards at plate, tangle in outfield, win 9-6