Cardinals - Top 1st. Ross pitching for Nationals. Edman struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Arenado popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Turner struck out looking. Soto grounded out to shortstop. Bell grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Molina lined out to shortstop. Carlson grounded out to pitcher. DeJong homered to left (383 feet). Carpenter struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Schwarber lined out to first. Harrison popped out to second. Castro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Williams singled to left. Flaherty sacrificed to pitcher, Williams to second. Edman homered to center (385 feet), Williams scored. Goldschmidt homered to left (400 feet). Arenado grounded out to third. Molina struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Gomes struck out swinging. Robles struck out swinging. Ross singled to center. Turner lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Carlson hit by pitch. DeJong walked, Carlson to second. Carpenter singled to right center, Carlson scored, Carpenter out stretching at second, DeJong to third. Williams walked. Flaherty sacrificed to pitcher, DeJong scored, Williams to second. Edman struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Soto walked. Bell doubled to deep left, Soto to third. Schwarber struck out looking. Soto scored on Flaherty wild pitch, Bell to third on wild pitch by Flaherty. Harrison walked. Castro hit sacrifice fly to right, Bell scored. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harrison out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Goldschmidt singled to center. Arenado doubled to deep left, Goldschmidt to third. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina to second, Arenado out at third in rundown. Carlson intentionally walked. DeJong homered to left (378 feet), Goldschmidt scored, Molina scored and Carlson scored. Finnegan pitching for Nationals. Carpenter struck out swinging. Williams homered to center (411 feet). Flaherty struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Robles lined out to right. Mercer hit for Finnegan. Mercer singled to center. Turner struck out looking. Soto grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Harper pitching for Nationals. Mercer at shortstop. Edman grounded out to first. Goldschmidt grounded out to catcher. Arenado flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Bell safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Arenado. Schwarber fouled out to second. Harrison hit ground rule double to deep center, Bell to third. Castro grounded out to third, Bell scored. Gomes doubled to deep left, Harrison scored. Robles singled to shallow left, Gomes scored. Mercer popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Harper pitching for Nationals. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Carlson popped out to third. DeJong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Stevenson hit for Harper. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Stevenson walked. Soto doubled to deep right, Stevenson to third. Bell struck out swinging. Schwarber struck out swinging. Harrison flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. McGowin pitching for Nationals. Carpenter hit by pitch. Hurst ran for Carpenter. Hurst to second on wild pitch by McGowin. Williams grounded out to second, Hurst to third. Nogowski hit for Cabrera. Nogowski grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hurst out at home. Edman doubled to right, Nogowski to third. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to second, Nogowski scored, Edman to third. Arenado fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Edman at second base. Carlson in right field. Hurst in center field. Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals. Castro grounded out to first. Gomes hit by pitch. Robles flied out to center. Mercer popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Pérez pitching for Nationals. Molina fouled out to third. Carlson tripled to right. DeJong flied out to second. Hurst lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals. Pérez grounded out to second. Soto grounded out to third. Bell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 12 - Nationals 5.	DeJong hits 2 of Cardinals' 5 HRs in 12-5 win at Nationals