Cardinals - Top 1st. Weathers pitching for Padres. Edman fouled out to catcher. Carlson singled to right center. Goldschmidt flied out to right. Arenado homered to left (359 feet), Carlson scored. Molina singled to right. O'Neill doubled to deep right, Molina to third. Bader lined out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Hyun Kim pitching for Cardinals. Grisham grounded out to first. Machado grounded out to third. Cronenworth flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Weathers pitching for Padres. Sosa safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Kim. Kim bunted into fielder's choice to third, Sosa out at second. Edman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kim out at second. Carlson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Edman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Hyun Kim pitching for Cardinals. Pham lined out to right. Nola grounded out to shortstop. Marcano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Weathers pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Arenado flied out to right. Molina lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Hyun Kim pitching for Cardinals. Kim struck out swinging. Kivlehan struck out swinging. Weathers singled to center. Grisham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Weathers pitching for Padres. O'Neill grounded out to third. Bader lined out to center. Sosa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Hyun Kim pitching for Cardinals. Machado safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Arenado. Cronenworth grounded into fielder's choice to second, Machado out at second. Pham walked, Cronenworth to second. Nola singled to center, Pham to second, Cronenworth to third. Marcano walked, Cronenworth scored, Nola to second, Pham to third. Kim walked, Pham scored, Marcano to second, Nola to third. Edman at shortstop. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Moroff at second base. Kivlehan hit sacrifice fly to center, Nola scored, Marcano to third. Castillo hit for Weathers. Castillo singled to right, Marcano scored, Kim to third. Grisham struck out looking. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Lamet pitching for Padres. Moroff struck out swinging. Edman lined out to third. Carlson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Machado struck out swinging. Cronenworth singled to center. Pham singled to right, Cronenworth to third. Nola walked, Pham to second. Marcano grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nola out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Lamet pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center. Arenado reached on infield single to pitcher, Goldschmidt to third. Molina grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Goldschmidt scored, Arenado out at second. O'Neill walked. O'Neill stole second. Bader walked. Carpenter hit for Cabrera. Carpenter grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Helsley pitching for Cardinals. Kim struck out swinging. Kivlehan walked. O'Grady hit for Lamet. O'Grady struck out swinging. Grisham doubled to left, Kivlehan scored. Machado walked. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Cronenworth struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Stammen pitching for Padres. O'Grady in right field. Moroff struck out swinging. Edman flied out to center. Carlson singled to left center. Adams pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Williams in left field. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Pham lined out to center. Nola flied out to right. Marcano singled to right. Marcano caught stealing second, catcher to second. Giovanny Gallegos pitches to Ha-Seong Kim. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Pagán pitching for Padres. Andreoli in left field. Arenado fouled out to first. Molina flied out to center. Williams flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Thomas in left field. Kim walked. Andreoli struck out swinging, Kim stole second. O'Grady walked. Grisham grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, O'Grady out at second, Kim to third. Grisham stole second. Machado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Melancon pitching for Padres. Bader singled to center. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bader out at second. Moroff lined out to center. Edman grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Padres 5.	Fill-ins come up big in Padres' 5-3 win over Cardinals