Cardinals - Top 1st. Frankoff pitching for Diamondbacks. Edman hit by pitch. Carlson lined out to left. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop, Edman to second. Arenado struck out swinging. Molina singled to left, Edman scored, Goldschmidt to second. O'Neill struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Rojas grounded out to first. Marte struck out looking. Escobar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Frankoff pitching for Diamondbacks. Sosa walked. Williams struck out swinging, Sosa caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Wainwright grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Peralta fouled out to third. Walker flied out to left. Smith grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Frankoff pitching for Diamondbacks. Edman singled to right. Carlson grounded out to second, Edman to second. Goldschmidt walked. Arenado hit by pitch, Goldschmidt to second, Edman to third. Molina reached on infield single to third, Edman scored and Goldschmidt scored on error, Molina safe at second on throwing error by left fielder Peralta, Arenado safe at third on error. O'Neill doubled to deep center, Arenado scored and Molina scored. Sosa reached on infield single to shortstop, O'Neill to third. Williams grounded out to second, O'Neill scored, Sosa to second. Wainwright popped out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ahmed struck out swinging. Vogt grounded out to shortstop. Frankoff walked. Rojas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Frankoff pitching for Diamondbacks. Edman flied out to right. Carlson flied out to right. Goldschmidt walked. Arenado grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Marte grounded out to second. Escobar doubled to deep right. Peralta grounded out to shortstop, Escobar to third. Walker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Frankoff pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina popped out to second. O'Neill homered to center (450 feet). Sosa struck out swinging. Williams walked. Wainwright struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Smith singled to left center. Ahmed struck out swinging. Vogt homered to right center (404 feet), Smith scored. Locastro hit for Frankoff. Locastro walked. Rojas grounded into fielder's choice to first, Locastro out at second. Marte struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Al. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Edman safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed. Carlson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Edman out at second. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carlson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Escobar walked. Peralta doubled to right center, Escobar to third. Walker singled to center, Escobar scored and Peralta scored. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Smith singled to right, Walker to third. Ahmed struck out swinging. Vogt walked, Smith to second. Leyba hit for Al. Young. Leyba flied out to left. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado lined out to right. Molina grounded out to third. O'Neill doubled to center. Sosa grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Escobar walked. Peralta struck out swinging, Escobar to second on wild pitch by Gallegos. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Thomas hit for Williams. Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks. Thomas doubled to center. Rondón hit for Gallegos. Rondón lined out to left. Thomas caught stealing third, catcher to third. Edman hit ground rule double to deep right center. Carlson walked. Goldschmidt popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Thomas in right field. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Smith singled to center. Ahmed flied out to center. Kelly hit for Vogt. Kelly struck out swinging. Reddick hit for Mantiply. Reddick lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Kelly catching. Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado struck out swinging. Molina struck out looking. O'Neill grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Rojas doubled to deep center. Marte walked. Escobar flied out to left. Marte to second on wild pitch by Reyes, Rojas to third on wild pitch by Reyes. Peralta struck out swinging. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Diamondbacks 4.	O'Neill homers again, Cards send D'backs to 13th loss in row