Cardinals - Top 1st. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Edman lined out to center. Carlson struck out swinging. Goldschmidt homered to center (422 feet). Arenado flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Betts hit ground rule double to right. Muncy walked. Turner singled to shallow left, Betts scored, Muncy to second, Turner to second, Muncy safe at third on throwing error by left fielder O'Neill. Bellinger singled to deep right, Muncy scored and Turner scored. Taylor walked, Bellinger to second. Lux singled to deep center, Bellinger scored on throwing error by shortstop Sosa, Lux to second, Taylor safe at third on error. McKinstry singled to right center, Taylor scored and Lux scored. McKinstry stole second. Barnes walked. Buehler struck out bunting foul. Betts singled to left, McKinstry scored, Barnes to second. Muncy flied out to right. Turner walked, Betts to second, Barnes to third. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Bellinger homered to right (367 feet), Barnes scored, Betts scored and Turner scored. Taylor lined out to shortstop. 11 Runs, 7 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. O'Neill singled to shallow center. Sosa walked, O'Neill to second. Knizner struck out swinging. Williams grounded out to second, Sosa to second, O'Neill to third. Woodford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Lux grounded out to second. McKinstry flied out to center. Barnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Edman struck out swinging. Carlson singled to right. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Carlson to second on wild pitch by Buehler. Arenado hit ground rule double to right, Carlson scored. O'Neill flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter at first base. Rondón at third base. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Buehler walked. Betts grounded into fielder's choice to third, Buehler out at second. Muncy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Betts out at second. Turner fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Tsutsugo in left field. McKinstry at third base. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Sosa grounded out to second. Knizner struck out looking. Williams grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Bellinger lined out to left. Taylor singled to left. Lux walked, Taylor to second. McKinstry walked, Lux to second, Taylor to third. Barnes struck out swinging. Buehler doubled to shallow right, Taylor scored and Lux scored, McKinstry to third. Betts singled to right, McKinstry scored, Buehler to third. Muncy grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Webb struck out swinging. Edman grounded out to third. Carlson homered to right (365 feet). Carpenter flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Elledge pitching for Cardinals. Tsutsugo popped out to third. Bellinger struck out looking. Taylor walked. Lux struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Beaty in right field. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Rondón popped out to second. Thomas hit for O'Neill. Thomas struck out looking. Sosa singled to center. Knizner singled to right, Sosa to second, Sosa safe at third on fielding error by right fielder Beaty. Williams intentionally walked, Knizner to second. Elledge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Williams out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Thomas in left field. Elledge pitching for Cardinals. McKinstry lined out to left. Barnes flied out to left. Buehler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Uceta pitching for Dodgers. Edman fouled out to third. Carlson struck out swinging. Carpenter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Fernandez pitching for Cardinals. Beaty struck out swinging. Muncy popped out to third. Tsutsugo walked. Bellinger walked, Tsutsugo to second. Taylor flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Smith at third base. Tsutsugo at first base. McKinstry in left field. Uceta pitching for Dodgers. Rondón grounded out to shortstop. Thomas popped out to first. Sosa safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Smith. Sosa to second on balk. Knizner popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Fernandez pitching for Cardinals. Lux safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Edman. McKinstry grounded out to first, Lux to second. Barnes grounded out to pitcher, Lux to third. Uceta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Vesia pitching for Dodgers. Williams struck out swinging. Fernandez struck out swinging. Edman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Dodgers 14.	Record onslaught: Dodgers score 11 in 1st to rout Cards 14-3