Royals - Top 1st. Lester pitching for Cardinals. Merrifield flied out to right. Lopez flied out to right. Perez walked. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Perez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Bubic pitching for Royals. Carlson homered to center (403 feet). Goldschmidt struck out looking. Arenado grounded out to second. O'Neill walked. Edman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Lester pitching for Cardinals. Dozier popped out to third. Olivares grounded out to shortstop. Taylor grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Bubic pitching for Royals. Bader hit by pitch. DeJong grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bader out at second. Knizner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Lester pitching for Cardinals. Alberto lined out to right. Bubic grounded out to shortstop. Merrifield singled to center. Lopez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Bubic pitching for Royals. Lester hit ground rule double to deep center. Carlson grounded out to third. Goldschmidt flied out to right. Arenado singled to center, Lester to third. O'Neill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arenado out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Lester pitching for Cardinals. Perez struck out swinging. Santana singled to center. Dozier singled to right center, Santana to third. Olivares hit by pitch, Dozier to second. Taylor singled to right, Santana scored, Olivares to second, Dozier to third. Alberto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dozier scored, Taylor out at second, Olivares to third. Bubic grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Alberto out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Bubic pitching for Royals. Edman walked. Bader walked, Edman to second. DeJong hit by pitch, Bader to second, Edman to third. Knizner grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, DeJong to second, Bader to third, Edman out at home. Lester popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Lester pitching for Cardinals. Merrifield walked. Lopez sacrificed to pitcher, Merrifield to second. Merrifield stole third. Perez hit sacrifice fly to left, Merrifield scored. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Bubic pitching for Royals. Carlson singled to center. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to second, Carlson out at second. O'Neill walked, Arenado to second. Tapia pitching for Royals. O'Neill to second on wild pitch by Tapia, Arenado to third on wild pitch by Tapia. Edman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Lester pitching for Cardinals. Dozier doubled to deep left. Olivares struck out swinging. Taylor singled to left, Dozier scored on throwing error by left fielder O'Neill, Taylor to second. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Taylor stole third. Alberto popped out to second. O'Hearn hit for Tapia. O'Hearn singled to right, Taylor scored. Merrifield struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Davis pitching for Royals. Bader struck out swinging. DeJong flied out to right. Knizner flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Lopez grounded out to second. Perez struck out looking. Santana grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Brentz pitching for Royals. Rondón hit for Miller. Rondón singled to left. Rondón to second on wild pitch by Brentz. Carlson grounded out to shortstop, Rondón to third. Goldschmidt singled to left center, Rondón scored. Arenado struck out looking. O'Neill walked, Goldschmidt to second. Edman lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. McFarland pitching for Cardinals. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Olivares lined out to center. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Holland pitching for Royals. Bader reached on infield single to third. DeJong flied out to right. Knizner walked, Bader to second. Carpenter hit for McFarland. Carpenter hit by pitch, Knizner to second, Bader to third. Barlow pitching for Royals. Nootbaar ran for Carpenter. Dyson in left field. Carlson hit sacrifice fly to right, Bader scored, Knizner to third. Goldschmidt singled to right, Knizner scored, Nootbaar to second. Arenado singled to center, Nootbaar scored, Goldschmidt to third. O'Neill struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Alberto singled to left. Dyson grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Alberto safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Goldschmidt, Dyson second, Alberto safe at third on error. Merrifield grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dyson to third, Alberto out at home. Lopez singled to right, Dyson scored, Merrifield to third. Benintendi hit for Perez. Benintendi struck out looking, Lopez stole second. Santana struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Gallagher catching. Lovelady pitching for Royals. Edman struck out looking. Bader fouled out to catcher. DeJong struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 6 - Cardinals 5.	Lopez key hit in 9th after long rain delay, KC tops Cards