Cardinals - Top 1st. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Edman flied out to center. Goldschmidt walked. O'Neill struck out swinging. Arenado homered to left (380 feet), Goldschmidt scored. Carlson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Peterson grounded out to shortstop. Adames struck out swinging. Yelich grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Molina hit by pitch. Sosa walked, Molina to second. Bader singled to center, Sosa to second, Molina to third. Wainwright singled to left, Molina scored, Bader to second, Sosa to third. Edman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sosa scored, Wainwright out at second, Bader to third. Edman stole second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. O'Neill struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Escobar singled to left. Narváez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. Urías struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Topa pitching for Brewers. Arenado homered to left center (397 feet). Carlson singled to left. Molina flied out to center. Sosa singled to right, Carlson to second. Bader homered to left (377 feet), Carlson scored and Sosa scored. Wainwright grounded out to third. Ashby pitching for Brewers. Edman grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Tellez popped out to first. Cain walked. Ashby sacrificed to catcher, Cain to second. Peterson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Ashby pitching for Brewers. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. O'Neill struck out swinging. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Adames flied out to center. Yelich struck out looking. Escobar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Peterson in left field. Bradley Jr. in right field. Ashby pitching for Brewers. Carlson struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Sosa grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Narváez grounded out to shortstop. Urías singled to shallow left. Tellez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Urías out at second. Cain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Ashby pitching for Brewers. Bader grounded out to shortstop. Wainwright flied out to left. Edman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ashby walked. Peterson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ashby out at second. Adames grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Peterson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Ashby pitching for Brewers. Goldschmidt walked. O'Neill homered to right center (409 feet), Goldschmidt scored. Arenado flied out to center. Carlson grounded out to third. Molina flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Bradley Jr. grounded out to shortstop. Escobar walked. Narváez singled to shallow right center, Escobar to second. Urías singled to shallow left center, Narváez to second, Escobar to third. McFarland pitching for Cardinals. Tellez grounded into fielder's choice to center, Escobar scored, Urías safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Edman, Narváez to third. Cain grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Narváez scored, Tellez to second, Urías out at third. Reyes hit for Ashby. Reyes reached on infield single to catcher, Cain to second, Tellez to third. Peterson grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 8th. Norris pitching for Brewers. Reyes in left field. Sosa grounded out to shortstop. Bader flied out to left. Rondón hit for McFarland. Rondón grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Whitley pitching for Cardinals. Adames flied out to center. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Maile catching. Norris pitching for Brewers. Edman doubled to left. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. O'Neill walked. Arenado flied out to center, Edman to third. Carlson walked, O'Neill to second. Milner pitching for Brewers. Molina homered to left center (379 feet), Edman scored, O'Neill scored and Carlson scored. Sosa homered to right (369 feet). Bader singled to right. Knizner hit for Whitley. Knizner hit by pitch, Bader to second. Edman lined out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Nootbaar in left field. Dickson pitching for Cardinals. Knizner catching. Maile doubled to deep right center. Urías hit ground rule double to shallow left, Maile scored. Urías to third on fielder's indifference. Tellez grounded out to shortstop, Urías scored. Cain singled to right center. Reyes singled to center, Cain to second. Vogelbach hit for Milner. Vogelbach grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reyes out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 15 - Brewers 4.	Wainwright, Molina reach milestone; Cards rip Brewers 15-4