Padres - Top 1st. Happ pitching for Cardinals. Tatis Jr. flied out to right. Cronenworth lined out to left. Machado flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Arrieta pitching for Padres. Edman doubled to center. Goldschmidt singled to shallow left, Edman to third. O'Neill walked, Goldschmidt to second. Edman scored on error, Arenado safe at first on fielding error by center fielder Tatis Jr., O'Neill safe at second on error, Goldschmidt safe at third on error. Carlson hit sacrifice fly to left, Goldschmidt scored. Sosa doubled to deep left, O'Neill scored, Arenado to third. Stammen pitching for Padres. Bader doubled to right, Arenado scored and Sosa scored. Knizner grounded out to third. Happ struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 2nd. Happ pitching for Cardinals. Pham lined out to right. Nola grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Stammen pitching for Padres. Edman flied out to left. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. O'Neill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Happ pitching for Cardinals. Myers struck out swinging. Frazier walked. Stammen sacrificed to catcher, Frazier to second. Tatis Jr. singled to left, Frazier scored. Cronenworth lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Stammen pitching for Padres. Arenado singled to right center. Carlson flied out to left. Sosa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arenado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Happ pitching for Cardinals. Machado reached on infield single to second. Pham flied out to center. Nola doubled to deep center, Machado to third. Hosmer grounded out to first, Machado scored, Nola to third. Myers singled to shallow right, Nola scored. Frazier grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Bader flied out to right. Knizner grounded out to third. Carpenter hit for Happ. Carpenter popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Grisham hit for Stammen. Grisham lined out to right. Tatis Jr. fouled out to first. Cronenworth grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Padres. Edman grounded out to second. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center. O'Neill singled to center, Goldschmidt scored. Arenado reached on infield single to catcher, O'Neill to second. Carlson struck out swinging. Sosa doubled to right, O'Neill scored, Arenado to third. Bader struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Machado fouled out to third. Pham homered to left (382 feet). Nola fouled out to catcher. Hosmer walked. Myers struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Crismatt pitching for Padres. Knizner singled to right. Nootbaar hit for Reyes. Nootbaar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Knizner out at second. Edman flied out to center. Nootbaar stole second. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. McFarland pitching for Cardinals. Frazier singled to shallow left. Profar hit for Crismatt. Profar grounded into double play, second to first, Frazier out at second. Tatis Jr. struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Lamet pitching for Padres. O'Neill walked. O'Neill stole second. Arenado flied out to left. Carlson reached on infield single to second, O'Neill scored. Sosa grounded into double play, second to first, Carlson out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. McFarland pitching for Cardinals. Cronenworth reached on infield single to first. García pitching for Cardinals. Machado singled to center, Cronenworth to second. Pham doubled to left, Machado scored on error and Cronenworth scored, Pham safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Sosa. Nola popped out to second. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Hosmer grounded out to first, Pham scored. Myers doubled to deep right center. Myers to third on wild pitch by Cabrera. Frazier flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Hudson pitching for Padres. Bader struck out looking. Knizner grounded out to shortstop. Rondón hit for Cabrera. Rondón popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Caratini hit for Hudson. Caratini struck out swinging. Tatis Jr. struck out swinging. Cronenworth flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 7 - Cardinals 8.	Tatis botches popup, Cards beat Padres 8-7, win 8th straight