Marlins - Top 1st. Cabrera pitching for Nationals. Bonifacio flied out to center. Baker lined out to first. Ramirez safe at first on error by shortstop Gonzalez. Gload flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Hernandez flied out to center. Johnson singled to left. Zimmerman singled to right center, Johnson to third. Zimmerman to second on wild pitch by Volstad. Dunn walked. Dukes singled to center, Johnson scored, Zimmerman to third, Dunn to second. Kearns singled to left, Zimmerman scored, Dunn to third, Dukes to second. Flores struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Nationals. Uggla grounded out to third. Hermida walked. Ross grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hermida out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Cabrera struck out swinging. Hernandez grounded out to second. Johnson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Nationals. Amezaga lined out to second. Volstad singled to center. Bonifacio flied out to left. Baker doubled to deep left, Volstad scored, Baker to third on throwing error by shortstop Gonzalez. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman struck out looking. Dunn singled to center. Dukes walked, Dunn to second. Kearns walked, Dunn to third, Dukes to second. Flores struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dukes out at third, Kearns to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Cabrera pitching for Nationals. Gload walked. Uggla flied out to left. Hermida flied out to center. Ross walked, Gload to second. Gload to third, Ross to second on wild pitch by Cabrera. Amezaga grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Cabrera grounded out to first. Hernandez grounded out to second. Johnson walked. Johnson to second on wild pitch by Volstad. Zimmerman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Cabrera pitching for Nationals. Volstad popped out to second. Bonifacio grounded out to second. Baker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Dunn walked. Dukes struck out swinging. Kearns singled to right center, Dunn to third. Penn pitching for Marlins. Flores singled to left, Dunn scored, Kearns to second. Gonzalez fouled out to left. Cabrera walked, Kearns to third, Flores to second. Hernandez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Cabrera pitching for Nationals. Ramirez doubled to deep left. Gload walked. Shell pitching for Nationals. Uggla flied out to left. Hermida walked, Ramirez to third, Gload to second. Ross singled to left, Ramirez scored, Gload to third, Hermida to second. Amezaga fouled out to first. Cantu hit for Penn. Cantu struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Johnson flied out to right. Zimmerman walked. Dunn singled to right, Zimmerman to second. Dukes struck out swinging. Dunn caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Hinckley pitching for Nationals. Maxwell in center field. Bonifacio flied out to right. Baker grounded out to first. Ramirez walked. Gload grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Calero pitching for Marlins. Kearns flied out to right. Flores flied out to left. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Hinckley pitching for Nationals. Uggla walked. Hermida grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Uggla out at second. Ross homered to left. Amezaga reached on infield single to shortstop. Helms hit for Calero. Helms doubled to deep right, Amezaga thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Maxwell flied out to center. Hernandez walked. Johnson singled to right, Hernandez to third. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hernandez scored, Johnson out at second, Zimmerman to second on throwing error by second baseman Uggla. Dunn intentionally walked. Cintron hit for Hinckley. Cintron flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Bonifacio walked. Baker doubled to deep left center, Bonifacio scored. Maybin ran for Baker. Ramirez struck out swinging. Gload intentionally walked. Uggla struck out looking. Hermida walked, Maybin to third, Gload to second. Ross doubled to deep right center, Maybin, Gload and Hermida scored. Amezaga flied out to center. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Maybin in center field. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Amezaga in left field. Paulino catching. Kearns struck out looking. Flores grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 7 - Nationals 4.	Nats fall to Fish