Cardinals - Top 1st. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Schumaker grounded out to first. Duncan doubled to deep right center. Pujols walked. Rasmus homered to right, Duncan and Pujols scored. Ankiel grounded out to second. Molina flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Coghlan reached on infield single to second. Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop, Coghlan to second. Ramirez singled to right, Coghlan scored. Cantu flied out to center. Hermida lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Greene grounded out to shortstop. Wainwright flied out to right. Ryan singled to left. Ryan stole second. Schumaker doubled to left, Ryan scored. Duncan grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Uggla popped out to shortstop. Ross doubled to deep right center. Paulino walked. Volstad grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Paulino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Pujols singled to right. Pujols stole second. Rasmus grounded out to shortstop. Ankiel popped out to shortstop. Molina flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Coghlan walked. Bonifacio grounded into fielder's choice to second, Coghlan out at second. Bonifacio to second on wild pitch by Wainwright. Ramirez struck out swinging. Cantu singled to right, Bonifacio scored. Hermida singled to right, Cantu to second. Uggla grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hermida out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Greene doubled to left. Wainwright sacrificed to catcher, Greene to third. Ryan singled to left center, Greene scored. Ryan caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ross flied out to center. Paulino grounded out to shortstop. Volstad struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Duncan grounded out to shortstop. Pujols popped out to first. Rasmus fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Coghlan fouled out to first. Bonifacio walked. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bonifacio out at second. Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Wainwright. Cantu reached on infield single to shortstop, Ramirez to third. Hermida singled to left, Ramirez scored, Cantu to second. Uggla grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hermida out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Ankiel tripled to deep center. Molina singled to deep left, Ankiel scored. Greene flied out to center. Wainwright flied out to right. Ryan singled to right, Molina to second. Sanches pitching for Marlins. Molina to third, Ryan to second on wild pitch by Sanches. Schumaker grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ross grounded out to shortstop. Paulino singled to left. De Aza hit for Sanches. De Aza struck out swinging. Coghlan singled to center, Paulino to second. Bonifacio singled to right, Paulino to third, Coghlan to second. Ramirez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Gload at first base. Martinez pitching for Marlins. Duncan grounded out to second. Pujols grounded out to third. Rasmus grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Schumaker in left field. Barden at third base. Greene at second base. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gload grounded out to first. Hermida homered to right. Uggla grounded out to shortstop. Ross grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Martinez pitching for Marlins. Ankiel doubled to deep center. Molina walked. Greene reached on bunt single to pitcher, Ankiel to third, Molina to second, Ankiel scored, Molina to third on throwing error by pitcher Martinez. Ludwick hit for Wainwright. Ludwick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina scored, Greene out at second. Ryan singled to center, Ludwick to third. Schumaker grounded out to second, Ludwick scored, Ryan to second. Barden singled to right, Ryan scored. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barden out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Perez pitching for Cardinals. Paulino struck out looking. Carroll hit for Martinez. Carroll walked. Coghlan struck out swinging. Bonifacio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Rasmus singled to center. Ankiel homered to right, Rasmus scored. Molina singled to center. Greene singled to right, Molina to second. Stavinoha hit for Perez. Stavinoha grounded into fielder's choice to second, Molina to third, Greene safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Uggla. Ryan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Molina scored, Stavinoha out at second, Greene to third. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez flied out to right. Gload flied out to left. Hermida flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 13 - Marlins 4.	Ankiel, Cards snap 5-game skid, stop Marlins