Marlins - Top 1st. Petit pitching for Diamondbacks. Coghlan lined out to center. Bonifacio fouled out to third. Uggla reached on infield single to shortstop. Cantu walked, Uggla to second. Ross flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Marlins. Lopez grounded out to first. Ojeda singled to right. Upton homered to left, Ojeda scored. Reynolds walked. Parra flied out to center. Reynolds stole second. Young walked. Reynolds caught stealing third, catcher to third to second. Clark batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Petit pitching for Diamondbacks. Hermida struck out looking. Baker grounded out to first. Helms grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Marlins. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Carlin flied out to right. Petit lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Petit pitching for Diamondbacks. Miller grounded out to second. Coghlan flied out to right. Bonifacio tripled to deep right. Uggla grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Marlins. Lopez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Bonifacio. Ojeda grounded out to third. Upton grounded out to third. Lopez to third on wild pitch by Miller. Reynolds intentionally walked. Parra singled to right, Lopez scored, Reynolds to second. Young tripled to deep left, Reynolds and Parra scored. Clark doubled to deep center, Young scored. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Carlin flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 4th. Petit pitching for Diamondbacks. Cantu grounded out to pitcher. Ross walked. Hermida lined out to right. Baker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Petit grounded out to third. Lopez grounded out to second. Ojeda grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Petit pitching for Diamondbacks. Helms doubled to deep center. Badenhop struck out swinging. Coghlan flied out to right, Helms to third. Bonifacio flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Upton singled to right. Reynolds struck out swinging, Upton stole second. Parra reached on infield single to catcher, Upton to third. Sanches pitching for Marlins. Young grounded out to first, Upton scored, Parra to second. Clark flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Petit pitching for Diamondbacks. Uggla singled to left. Cantu homered to left, Uggla scored. Ross grounded out to third. Hermida homered to right center. Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy at first base. Baker flied out to left. Helms grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Sanches pitching for Marlins. Carlin singled to right. Tracy popped out to third. Lopez flied out to left. Ojeda flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Gonzalez hit for Sanches. Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez tripled to deep center. Coghlan doubled to deep center, Gonzalez scored. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonifacio walked. Uggla singled to left, Coghlan to third, Bonifacio to second. Cantu flied out to center. Ross grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Uggla out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Calero pitching for Marlins. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds struck out swinging. Parra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Hermida singled to center. Baker walked, Hermida to second. Ramirez hit for Helms. Ramirez singled to right, Hermida to third, Baker to second. Gload hit for Calero. Schoeneweis pitching for Diamondbacks. Gload grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hermida scored, Ramirez out at second, Baker to third. Carroll hit for Coghlan. Carroll homered to left, Baker and Gload scored. Bonifacio reached on infield single to shortstop. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Romero in left field. Uggla singled to left, Bonifacio scored. Cantu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Uggla safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds. Ross singled to center, Uggla scored, Cantu to second. Hermida singled to left, Cantu scored, Ross to second. Baker doubled to deep left center, Ross scored, Hermida to third. Hermida scored, Baker to third on passed ball by Carlin. Ramirez walked. Gload grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Baker scored, Ramirez out at second. Carroll grounded out to third. 10 Runs, 8 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Carroll in right field. Bonifacio at third base. Hermida in left field. Ramirez at shortstop. Meyer pitching for Marlins. Young walked. Romero singled to left, Young to second. Carlin singled to left, Young to third, Romero to second. Tracy popped out to shortstop. Lopez popped out to second. Ojeda fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop. Uggla struck out swinging. Cantu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Donnelly pitching for Marlins. Upton singled to center. Reynolds flied out to center. Drew hit for Boyer. Drew singled to right, Upton to third. Young flied out to right. Drew to second on passed ball by Baker. Romero lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 14 - Diamondbacks 7.	10-run eighth caps Marlins' rally by D-backs