Marlins - Top 1st. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Coghlan flied out to right. Bonifacio grounded out to first. Ramirez singled to right. Cantu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. West pitching for Marlins. Lopez singled to center. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lopez out at second. Upton singled to center, Drew to second. Reynolds walked, Drew to third, Upton to second. Montero hit ground rule double to deep right, Drew and Upton scored, Reynolds to third. Parra grounded out to shortstop, Reynolds scored, Montero to third. Clark flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Hermida singled to center. Uggla singled to center, Hermida to second. Ross struck out looking. Baker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Uggla out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. West pitching for Marlins. Young doubled to right. Garland fouled out to catcher. Lopez flied out to center. Drew walked. Upton singled to right, Young scored, Drew to second, Drew to third advancing on throw. Reynolds struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. West singled to center. Coghlan flied out to left. Bonifacio reached on bunt single to catcher, West to second. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bonifacio out at second, West to third. Cantu singled to right, West scored, Ramirez to third. Hermida struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. West pitching for Marlins. Montero singled to right. Parra singled to right, Montero thrown out at third. Clark grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Uggla flied out to right. Ross struck out swinging. Baker grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. West pitching for Marlins. Young walked. Garland sacrificed to pitcher, Young to second. Lopez flied out to center. Drew fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. West grounded out to shortstop. Coghlan grounded out to second. Bonifacio grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. West pitching for Marlins. Upton tripled to deep center. Reynolds walked. Montero flied out to left. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to second, Upton scored, Reynolds out at second. Clark singled to left, Parra to second. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Young flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Cantu singled to right. Hermida flied into double play, center to shortstop to first, Cantu doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Garland struck out swinging. Lopez struck out looking. Drew grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Uggla walked. Ross struck out swinging. Baker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Uggla out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Upton singled to right. Reynolds doubled to deep left, Upton to third. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Montero grounded out to pitcher. Parra struck out swinging. Clark grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Gonzalez hit for Pinto. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez lined out to left. Coghlan grounded out to shortstop. Bonifacio bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Donnelly pitching for Marlins. Young grounded out to shortstop. Romero hit for Garland. Romero flied out to left. Lopez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez fouled out to third. Cantu doubled to deep center. Hermida lined out to first. Uggla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 1 - Diamondbacks 5.	Upton's four hits pace D-backs win over Marlins