Marlins - Top 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Coghlan homered to center. Johnson struck out swinging. Ramirez struck out swinging. Cantu grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. West pitching for Marlins. Rollins reached on infield single to shortstop. Victorino grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rollins out at second. Utley walked. Howard singled to right, Utley to third. Werth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Uggla grounded out to third. Ross flied out to right. Paulino popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. West pitching for Marlins. Ibanez reached on infield single to first. Feliz flied out to left. Ruiz singled to right, Ibanez to second. Hamels reached on bunt single to pitcher, Ibanez to third, Ruiz to second. Rollins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibanez scored, Hamels out at second, Ruiz to third. Victorino singled to center, Ruiz scored, Rollins to second. Utley struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Bonifacio reached on infield single to second. West sacrificed to first, Bonifacio to second. Coghlan walked. Johnson walked, Bonifacio to third, Coghlan to second. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bonifacio scored, Johnson out at second, Coghlan to third. Ramirez stole second. Cantu popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. West pitching for Marlins. Howard walked. Werth flied out to center. Ibanez safe at first on error by pitcher West, Howard to second. Feliz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibanez out at second, Howard to third. Ruiz safe at first on error by first baseman Johnson, Howard scored, Feliz to third. Hamels struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Uggla grounded out to third. Ross singled to left. Paulino fouled out to first. Bonifacio struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. West pitching for Marlins. Rollins flied out to right. Victorino fouled out to first. Utley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. West flied out to right. Coghlan walked. Johnson lined out to center. Ramirez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. West pitching for Marlins. Howard doubled to deep left center. Sanches pitching for Marlins. Werth grounded out to third. Ibanez intentionally walked. Feliz flied out to center. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Cantu walked. Uggla struck out looking. Ross homered to left, Cantu scored. Paulino singled to left. Walker pitching for Phillies. Bonifacio flied out to center. Gload hit for Sanches. Gload grounded into fielder's choice to second, Paulino out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Donnelly pitching for Marlins. Dobbs hit for Walker. Dobbs flied out to center. Rollins lined out to right. Victorino flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Park pitching for Phillies. Coghlan grounded out to first. Johnson hit by pitch. Ramirez singled to left, Johnson to second. Cantu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Meyer pitching for Marlins. Utley grounded out to first. Howard doubled to deep right. Werth grounded out to third. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Ho Park pitching for Phillies. Uggla flied out to left. Ross struck out looking. Paulino singled to center. Bonifacio singled to left, Paulino to second. Hermida hit for Meyer. Hermida singled to right, Paulino scored, Bonifacio to third. Coghlan singled to right, Bonifacio scored, Hermida thrown out at third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Feliz doubled to deep right. Ruiz struck out swinging. Stairs hit for Park. Stairs popped out to second. Rollins fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Bako catching. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Johnson walked. Bako catching. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Johnson walked. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. Cantu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Helms at third base. Victorino tripled to deep right center. Utley grounded out to first, Victorino scored. Howard reached on infield single to second. Werth lined out to left. Ibanez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 6 - Phillies 4.	Ross helps Marlins close in on East-best Phillies