Astros - Top 1st. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Bourn singled to left. Tejada flied out to center. Bourn stole second. Berkman doubled to left, Bourn scored. Lee singled to left center, Berkman scored. Blum walked, Lee to second. Pence homered to right center, Lee and Blum scored. Rodriguez popped out to second. Matsui struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Norris pitching for Astros. Coghlan struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Norris grounded out to first. Bourn singled to right center. Bourn stole second. Tejada lined out to center. Berkman doubled to deep right, Bourn scored. Lee popped out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Norris pitching for Astros. Cantu singled to center. Baker flied out to center. Uggla singled to left, Cantu to second. Ross singled to center, Cantu to third, Uggla to second. Hermida hit sacrifice fly to center, Cantu scored, Uggla to third. Nolasco singled to right center, Uggla scored, Ross to third. Coghlan walked, Nolasco to second. Johnson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Blum popped out to shortstop. Pence popped out to first. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Norris pitching for Astros. Ramirez doubled to deep right. Cantu safe at first on error by third baseman Blum. Baker singled to left, Ramirez to third, Cantu to second. Uggla struck out swinging. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez scored, Baker out at second, Cantu to third. Hermida struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 4th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Matsui singled to right. Norris hit by pitch, Matsui to second. Bourn reached on bunt single to third, Matsui to third, Norris to second. Tejada grounded out to third, Matsui scored, Norris to third, Bourn to second. Berkman intentionally walked. Wood pitching for Marlins. Lee singled to center, Norris and Bourn scored, Berkman to second. Blum struck out swinging. Pence homered to left, Berkman and Lee scored. Rodriguez singled to center. Matsui walked, Rodriguez to second. Norris reached on infield single to shortstop, Rodriguez to third, Matsui to second, Rodriguez scored, Matsui to third, Norris to second on error by first baseman Johnson. Bourn lined out to right. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Norris pitching for Astros. Wood singled to right. Coghlan flied out to left. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Wood out at second. Ramirez homered to center, Johnson scored. Cantu popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Wood pitching for Marlins. Tejada walked. Berkman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tejada out at second. Lee singled to center. Blum grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lee out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Norris pitching for Astros. Baker singled to left center. Uggla flied out to right. Ross singled to left center, Baker to second. Hermida struck out swinging. Gload hit for Wood. Gload fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Calero pitching for Marlins. Pence struck out looking. Rodriguez lined out to right. Matsui doubled to deep left center. Michaels hit for Norris. Matsui to third on wild pitch by Calero. Michaels flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Byrdak pitching for Astros. Coghlan struck out looking. Johnson struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Bourn flied out to left. Tejada grounded out to second. Berkman walked. Lee fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Coste at first base. Byrdak pitching for Astros. Cantu popped out to third. Baker grounded out to shortstop. Uggla flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Blum homered to right. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to first. Matsui doubled to deep left center. Quintero hit for Byrdak. Quintero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Keppinger at shortstop. Arias pitching for Astros. Quintero catching. Ross singled to left. Hermida reached on infield single to third, Ross to second. Helms hit for Lindstrom. Helms grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hermida out at second, Ross to third. Coghlan singled to center, Ross scored. Johnson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Donnelly pitching for Marlins. Bourn walked. Keppinger popped out to first. Coste struck out swinging. Lee lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Hawkins pitching for Astros. Ramirez grounded out to second. Cantu fouled out to third. Baker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 14 - Marlins 6.	Pence's two HRs power Astros' rout of Marlins