Padres - Top 1st. West pitching for Marlins. Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Cantu. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cabrera out at second. Salazar doubled to deep left. Kouzmanoff walked. Headley fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Latos pitching for Padres. Coghlan flied out to center. Gload flied out to right. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. West pitching for Marlins. Venable grounded out to first. Blanco struck out swinging. Gwynn lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Latos pitching for Padres. Cantu struck out swinging. Baker grounded out to shortstop. Uggla grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. West pitching for Marlins. Latos struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Latos pitching for Padres. Ross flied out to right. Hermida grounded out to second. West struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. West pitching for Marlins. Salazar reached on infield single to shortstop. Kouzmanoff doubled to deep center, Salazar scored. Headley walked. Venable reached on bunt single to pitcher, Kouzmanoff to third, Headley to second, Kouzmanoff scored, Headley to third on throwing error by pitcher West. Blanco struck out swinging. Gwynn struck out swinging. Headley scored, Venable to second on passed ball by Baker. Latos struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Latos pitching for Padres. Coghlan singled to center. Gload singled to center, Coghlan to second. Ramirez lined out to right, Coghlan to third. Cantu walked, Gload to second. Baker singled to center, Coghlan and Gload scored, Cantu to second. Uggla walked, Cantu to third, Baker to second. Ross singled to left center, Cantu and Baker scored, Uggla to third, Uggla scored, Ross to third on throwing error by center fielder Gwynn. Mujica pitching for Padres. Hermida grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ross out at home. West struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 5th. West pitching for Marlins. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez singled to left. Salazar reached on infield single to third, Rodriguez to second. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Salazar out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Coghlan grounded out to first. Gload grounded out to first. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. West pitching for Marlins. Headley struck out swinging. Venable reached on infield single to third. Blanco flied out to right. Gwynn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Cantu grounded out to shortstop. Baker singled to left. Uggla struck out swinging. Ross flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Eckstein hit for Mujica. Eckstein doubled to right. Cabrera walked. Rodriguez bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Eckstein out at third, Cabrera to second. Salazar struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at third, Rodriguez to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Webb pitching for Padres. Eckstein at second base. Hermida walked. Carroll hit for Pinto. Carroll sacrificed to first, Hermida to second. Coghlan hit by pitch. Gload walked, Hermida to third, Coghlan to second. Ramirez struck out swinging. Cantu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gload out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Carroll in right field. Headley singled to left center. Venable grounded out to shortstop, Headley to second. Gonzalez hit for Blanco. Gonzalez singled to right, Headley to third. Hundley ran for Gonzalez. Gwynn grounded into fielder's choice to first, Headley scored, Hundley out at second. Eckstein lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Burke pitching for Padres. Hundley catching. Baker grounded out to second. Uggla doubled to deep center. Uggla to third on wild pitch by Burke. Ross flied out to right. Helms hit for Lindstrom. Helms hit by pitch. Carroll walked, Helms to second. Coghlan walked, Uggla scored, Helms to third, Carroll to second. Gload flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Cantu at first base. Helms at third base. Cabrera walked. Macias hit for Burke. Macias grounded out to second, Cabrera to second. Salazar grounded out to shortstop. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 4 - Marlins 6.	Marlins edge Padres to snap three-game skid