Athletics - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Crisp struck out swinging . Barton singled to center . DeJesus struck out swinging . Matsui doubled to deep right center , Barton to third . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Pierre flied out to center . Vizquel singled to center . Vizquel to second on wild pitch by Cahill . Dunn struck out swinging . Vizquel to third on wild pitch by Cahill . Konerko walked . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Konerko out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Sweeney walked . Ellis doubled to deep left center , Sweeney scored . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche fouled out to left . Crisp grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Rios singled to center . Pierzynski singled to right , Rios to third . Ramirez homered to left ( 370 feet ) , Rios and Pierzynski scored . Teahen walked . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teahen out at second . Vizquel singled to right , Pierre to third . Dunn walked , Vizquel to second . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pierre scored , Dunn out at second , Vizquel to third . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Konerko out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Barton doubled to deep left center . DeJesus flied out to center , Barton to third . Matsui grounded out to first , Barton scored . Suzuki struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Rios grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski lined out to center . Ramirez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Sweeney walked . Ellis grounded out to catcher , Sweeney to second . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Teahen flied out to center . Pierre flied out to left . Vizquel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Crisp singled to right . Barton singled to center , Crisp to second . DeJesus grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Barton out at second , Crisp to third . Matsui singled to left , Crisp scored . Suzuki safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez , Matsui to second . Ohman pitching for White Sox . Jackson hit for Sweeney . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Matsui out at third , Suzuki to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Jackson in left field . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Dunn singled to center . Konerko struck out looking . Quentin popped out to second . Rios safe at first on throwing error by shortstop LaRoche , Dunn to second . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Pierzynski flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . Pena pitching for White Sox . Ellis reached on infield single to pitcher . Kouzmanoff homered to left ( 358 feet ) , Ellis scored . LaRoche singled to left . Crisp flied out to left . Barton singled to left , LaRoche to second . DeJesus safe at first on error by center fielder Rios , LaRoche to third , Barton to second . Matsui flied out to right . Suzuki struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics . Ramirez walked . Teahen grounded out to first , Ramirez to second . Pierre singled to center , Ramirez scored . Vizquel reached on infield single to shortstop , Pierre to second . Dunn flied out to left . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Santos pitching for White Sox . Jackson flied out to center . Ellis flied out to left . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Quentin struck out swinging . Rios grounded out to shortstop . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Santos pitching for White Sox . LaRoche flied out to right . Crisp struck out looking . Barton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Beckham hit for Teahen . Beckham lined out to first . Pierre walked . Vizquel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Vizquel at third base . Beckham at second base . Sale pitching for White Sox . DeJesus struck out swinging . Matsui reached on infield single to second . Matsui to second on passed ball by Pierzynski . Suzuki lined out to center . Jackson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Dunn struck out looking . Konerko flied out to right . Quentin lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 10th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Kouzmanoff flied out to left . LaRoche walked . Willingham hit for Crisp . Willingham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 10th . Willingham in left field . DeJesus in center field . Jackson in right field . Cramer pitching for Athletics . Rios struck out looking . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Ramirez homered to left ( 380 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 5 - White Sox 6 .	Won in 10th : White Sox on HR