Angels - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Aybar struck out swinging . Abreu grounded out to second . Izturis walked . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Izturis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Crisp flied out to center . Barton lined out to right . Willingham singled to shallow left . Matsui flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Kendrick grounded out to second . Callaspo singled to right . Trumbo fouled out to first . Wilson singled to right , Callaspo to second . Bourjos grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to left center . DeJesus grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Suzuki out at second . Ellis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Abreu grounded out to second . Izturis reached on infield single to third . Hunter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Kouzmanoff grounded out to third . Pennington flied out to center . Crisp walked . Barton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Kendrick struck out swinging . Callaspo grounded out to third . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Willingham struck out swinging . Matsui grounded out to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Wilson doubled to deep left center . Bourjos struck out swinging . Aybar grounded out to third . Abreu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . DeJesus hit by pitch . Ellis reached on infield single to third , DeJesus to third , DeJesus scored , Ellis to third on throwing error by third baseman Callaspo . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . Pennington singled to center , Ellis scored . Crisp doubled to right , Pennington to third . Barton intentionally walked . Willingham hit sacrifice fly to center , Pennington scored , Crisp to third , Barton to second . Matsui flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Izturis singled to center . Hunter walked , Izturis to second . Kendrick walked , Izturis to third , Hunter to second . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Izturis scored , Kendrick out at second , Hunter to third . Trumbo hit sacrifice fly to center , Hunter scored . Wilson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to third . DeJesus doubled to deep left . Ellis grounded out to second , DeJesus to third . Kouzmanoff grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Bourjos struck out swinging . Aybar walked . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Aybar out at second . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Izturis singled to right , Abreu to second . Hunter walked , Abreu to third , Izturis to second . Kendrick singled to left center , Abreu and Izturis scored , Hunter to second . Callaspo flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Pennington flied out to center . Crisp lined out to center . Barton singled to right . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Trumbo struck out swinging . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Bourjos grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Downs pitching for Angels . Matsui singled to right . Suzuki flied out to center . Jackson hit for DeJesus . Jackson flied out to right . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Jackson in right field . Fuentes pitching for Athletics . Aybar bunt grounded out to third . Abreu struck out swinging . Izturis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Walden pitching for Angels . Sweeney hit for Kouzmanoff . Sweeney struck out swinging . Pennington flied out to center . Crisp singled to left . Crisp stole second . Barton singled to right center , Crisp scored . Willingham struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 10th . LaRoche at third base . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Hunter struck out swinging . Kendrick struck out swinging . Callaspo singled to center . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 10th . Rodney pitching for Angels . Matsui struck out swinging . Suzuki walked . Jackson walked , Suzuki to second . Suzuki to third , Jackson to second on wild pitch by Rodney . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Suzuki scored , Jackson to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 4 - Athletics 5 .	Ellis drives in winner as A 's top Angels in 10