Orioles - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Andino struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Tillman pitching for Orioles . DeJesus grounded out to second . Barton flied out to left . Sweeney doubled to left . Willingham safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds , Sweeney to third . Matsui singled to left , Sweeney scored , Willingham to second . Suzuki popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Guerrero singled to right . Wieters singled to left , Guerrero to second . Reimold walked , Guerrero to third , Wieters to second . Reynolds walked , Guerrero scored , Wieters to third , Reimold to second . Hardy struck out swinging . Fox grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reynolds out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Ellis singled to right . LaRoche popped out to shortstop . Pennington struck out swinging , Ellis stole second . DeJesus singled to left , Ellis scored . Barton grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Andino struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . Markakis singled to center . Guerrero hit by pitch , Markakis to second . Wieters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Sweeney grounded out to third . Willingham walked . Matsui lined out to right . Suzuki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Reimold grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds walked . Hardy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Ellis hit by pitch . LaRoche grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ellis out at second . Pennington singled to shallow left . DeJesus flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Fox walked . Andino singled to center , Fox to second . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Andino out at second , Fox to third , Fox scored , Jones to second on throwing error by shortstop Pennington . Markakis walked . Guerrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Markakis out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Barton singled to right . Sweeney struck out swinging . Willingham walked , Barton to second . Matsui walked , Barton to third , Willingham to second . Simon pitching for Orioles . Suzuki struck out swinging . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Wieters singled to left . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Reimold flied out to center . Reynolds grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wieters out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Simon pitching for Orioles . LaRoche singled to center . Pennington flied out to left . DeJesus walked , LaRoche to second . Barton struck out swinging . Sweeney singled to center , LaRoche scored , DeJesus to second , DeJesus to third on error by center fielder Jones . Willingham doubled to left , DeJesus scored , Sweeney to third . Matsui intentionally walked . Suzuki singled to right , Sweeney scored , Willingham to third , Matsui to second . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Matsui out at third , Suzuki to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 7th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Hardy singled to right . Fox grounded out to pitcher , Hardy to second . Andino struck out swinging . Jones flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Simon pitching for Orioles . LaRoche struck out swinging . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Pennington walked . Pennington to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez . DeJesus walked . Barton flied out to center . Sweeney flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Devine pitching for Athletics . Markakis grounded out to third . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Wieters flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Willingham homered to left ( 403 feet ) . Matsui struck out swinging . Suzuki doubled to left . Ellis flied out to left . LaRoche hit by pitch . Pennington flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Reimold struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded out to third . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 2 - Athletics 6 .	Sweeney sparks 3 - run sixth as A 's get by O 's