Royals - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Maier struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center . Francoeur struck out swinging . Butler walked , Cabrera to second . Betemit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Francis pitching for Royals . Crisp lined out to third . Pennington reached on infield single to third . Matsui flied out to left . Pennington caught stealing second , catcher to second . Willingham batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop . Pena struck out swinging . Getz popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Francis pitching for Royals . Willingham flied out to right . Jackson walked . Sizemore singled to center , Jackson to second . Suzuki singled to left , Jackson to third , Sizemore to second . Barton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jackson scored , Suzuki out at second , Sizemore to third . Weeks doubled to deep center , Sizemore and Barton scored , Weeks to third advancing on throw . Crisp singled to right , Weeks scored . Pennington grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crisp out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . Maier walked . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Maier out at second . Cabrera stole second . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Francis pitching for Royals . Matsui homered to right ( 384 feet ) . Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop . Jackson singled to shallow right , Willingham to third . Sizemore flied out to right . Suzuki hit by pitch , Jackson to second . Barton grounded out to first , Willingham scored , Jackson to third , Suzuki to second . Weeks flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Butler lined out to center . Betemit flied out to center . Moustakas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Francis pitching for Royals . Crisp singled to left . Pennington lined out to right . Crisp stole second . Matsui walked . Adcock pitching for Royals . Willingham struck out swinging . Crisp to third , Matsui to second on balk by Adcock . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Pena singled to right . Getz singled to right , Pena to second . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Getz out at second , Pena to third . Maier struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center , Pena scored , Escobar to third . Francoeur doubled to deep left , Escobar scored , Cabrera to third . Butler struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Adcock pitching for Royals . Sizemore walked . Sizemore to second on passed ball by Pena . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Barton struck out looking . Weeks singled to right , Sizemore scored , Weeks to second advancing on throw . Crisp flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Betemit struck out swinging . Moustakas grounded out to first . Pena struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Adcock pitching for Royals . Pennington flied out to center . Matsui grounded out to first . Willingham grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Devine pitching for Athletics . Getz safe at first on error by second baseman Weeks . Escobar walked , Getz to second . Maier struck out looking . Cabrera struck out looking . Getz stole third . Escobar stole second . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Adcock pitching for Royals . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Sizemore singled to right . Suzuki doubled to left , Sizemore scored . Teaford pitching for Royals . Barton walked . Weeks flied out to center . Crisp flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Butler doubled to deep center . Betemit hit ground rule double to deep right center , Butler scored . Moustakas grounded out to second , Betemit to third . Pena doubled to deep right , Betemit scored . Getz grounded out to second , Pena to third . Escobar struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Teaford pitching for Royals . Pennington grounded out to shortstop . Matsui struck out looking . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Maier doubled to right . Cabrera struck out looking . Francoeur struck out swinging . Butler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 4 - Athletics 8 .	Weeks , Matsui combine to push A 's past Royals