Angels - Top 1st . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Aybar reached on infield single to second . Kendrick struck out swinging . Aybar stole second . Hunter grounded out to second , Aybar to third . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Angels . Weeks bunt grounded out to pitcher . Crisp singled to shallow left . Willingham flied out to left . Matsui popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Callaspo lined out to left . Trumbo singled to right . Trumbo to second on wild pitch by McCarthy . Branyan fouled out to third . Mathis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Angels . Sizemore flied out to center . DeJesus struck out swinging . Jackson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Trout grounded out to second . Aybar struck out swinging . Kendrick doubled to deep left center . Hunter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Angels . Suzuki doubled to left . Pennington sacrificed to third , Suzuki to third . Weeks singled to shallow left , Suzuki scored . Crisp grounded out to second , Weeks to second . Willingham homered to left ( 446 feet ) , Weeks scored . Matsui lined out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Abreu struck out looking . Callaspo struck out looking . Trumbo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Angels . Sizemore flied out to right . DeJesus doubled to center . Jackson singled to center , DeJesus scored , Jackson to second advancing on throw . Suzuki singled to right , Jackson thrown out at home . Pennington grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Branyan walked . Mathis reached on infield single to third , Branyan to second . Trout flied out to center , Branyan to third . Aybar doubled to deep right center , Branyan scored , Mathis to third . Kendrick struck out swinging . Hunter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Angels . Weeks singled to right . Weeks stole second . Weeks caught stealing third , pitcher to shortstop to third . Crisp flied out to center . Willingham singled to center . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Abreu struck out looking . Callaspo singled to left . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Trumbo walked , Callaspo to second . Branyan walked , Callaspo to third , Trumbo to second . Izturis hit for Mathis . Izturis walked , Callaspo scored , Trumbo to third , Branyan to second . Devine pitching for Athletics . Trout singled to right , Trumbo scored , Branyan to third , Izturis to second . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Aybar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Trout out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Conger catching . Haren pitching for Angels . Sizemore popped out to third . DeJesus fouled out to first . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Kendrick grounded out to first . Hunter grounded out to second . Abreu doubled to deep left . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Abreu to third on wild pitch by Breslow . Callaspo lined out to center . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Abreu to third on wild pitch by Breslow . Callaspo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Haren pitching for Angels . Suzuki fouled out to first . Pennington singled to right . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Pennington caught stealing second , catcher to second . Weeks fouled out to catcher . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Pennington caught stealing second , catcher to second . Weeks fouled out to catcher . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Pennington caught stealing second , catcher to second . Weeks fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Trumbo fouled out to first . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Trumbo fouled out to first . Branyan grounded out to pitcher . Conger struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Crisp flied out to right . Kohn pitching for Angels . Willingham doubled to deep left . Sweeney ran for Willingham . Sweeney to third on wild pitch by Kohn . Matsui singled to left center , Sweeney scored . Sizemore grounded into double play , third to second to first , Matsui out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Sweeney in left field . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Trout struck out swinging . Aybar struck out looking . Kendrick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 3 - Athletics 5 .	Willingham , Weeks power Athletics past Angels