Angels - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Izturis singled to left . Aybar struck out swinging . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Izturis safe at second on error by shortstop Pennington . Wells struck out swinging . Kendrick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Weeks walked . Crisp walked , Weeks to second . Willingham walked , Weeks to third , Crisp to second . Matsui singled to shallow right , Weeks and Crisp scored , Willingham to third . Sizemore walked , Matsui to second . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Willingham scored on throwing error by first baseman Trumbo , Matsui to third , Sizemore to second . Jackson homered to left ( 407 feet ) , Matsui , Sizemore and DeJesus scored . Suzuki grounded out to third . Pennington doubled to left . Weeks singled to center , Pennington scored . Bell pitching for Angels . Crisp singled to center , Weeks to second . Willingham flied out to center . Matsui walked , Weeks to third , Crisp to second . Sizemore lined out to right . 8 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Callaspo singled to right . Trumbo struck out swinging . Wilson struck out swinging . Trout struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Bell pitching for Angels . DeJesus struck out swinging . Jackson singled to center . Suzuki flied out to center . Pennington grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Izturis popped out to shortstop . Aybar walked . Hunter grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Aybar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Bell pitching for Angels . Weeks singled to left center . Crisp reached on infield single to second , Weeks to second . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Crisp out at second , Weeks to third . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Weeks scored , Willingham out at second . Sizemore struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo singled to right . Trumbo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Cassevah pitching for Angels . DeJesus struck out swinging . Jackson grounded out to third . Suzuki popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Wilson doubled to center . Trout struck out swinging . Izturis fouled out to right . Aybar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Pennington popped out to third . Weeks walked . Crisp grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Weeks out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Hunter struck out swinging . Wells popped out to first . Kendrick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Branyan at first base . Trumbo in right field . Amarista at shortstop . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Willingham grounded out to third . Matsui walked . Sizemore grounded into double play , second to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Callaspo grounded out to third . Trumbo walked . Wilson fouled out to catcher . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Trumbo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Kohn pitching for Angels . DeJesus walked . Jackson walked , DeJesus to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . Pennington fouled out to third . Weeks flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Sweeney in left field . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Izturis grounded out to third . Branyan walked . Mathis hit for Hunter . Mathis grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Branyan out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Thompson pitching for Angels . Crisp flied out to right . Sweeney struck out looking . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Amarista safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Weeks . Kendrick struck out swinging . Callaspo singled to shallow right center , Amarista to second . Trumbo struck out swinging . Wilson singled to center , Amarista scored , Callaspo to second . Trout flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 1 - Athletics 9 .	Jackson 's grand slam leads A 's 8 - run 1st inning