Athletics - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Weeks flied out to right . Pennington struck out swinging . Crisp reached on bunt single to catcher . Matsui grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Carrera lined out to shortstop . Fukudome struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Allen lined out to center . DeJesus walked . Sweeney grounded out to first , DeJesus to second . Recker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Duncan reached on infield single to third . Hannahan flied out to center . Donald struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Sogard lined out to left . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Pennington singled to center . Crisp bunt grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Head grounded out to shortstop . Marson singled to right . Carrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Marson out at second . Fukudome grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Matsui flied out to left . Allen struck out swinging . DeJesus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Cabrera flied out to right . Santana walked . Duncan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Santana safe at second on error by shortstop Pennington . Hannahan flied out to left . Donald struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Sweeney grounded out to second . Recker walked . Sogard bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Recker out at second . Weeks singled to left , Sogard to second . Pennington singled to left , Sogard scored , Weeks to second . Weeks stole third . Pennington stole second . Crisp singled to right , Weeks scored , Pennington to third . Crisp stole second . Matsui struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Head grounded out to shortstop . Marson walked . Carrera struck out swinging . Fukudome walked , Marson to second . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Allen grounded out to first . DeJesus struck out swinging . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Santana walked . Duncan flied out to right . Hannahan struck out swinging . Donald lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Recker doubled to left . Sogard reached on bunt single to pitcher , Recker to third . Weeks hit sacrifice fly to left , Recker scored , Sogard to second , Weeks to first on error by left fielder Head . Pennington reached on infield single to second , Sogard to third , Weeks to second . Hagadone pitching for Indians . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sogard out at home , Weeks to third , Pennington to second . Matsui hit sacrifice fly to left , Weeks scored . Allen struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Head struck out swinging . Marson singled to center . Carrera struck out swinging . Fukudome singled to right center , Marson to second . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Hagadone pitching for Indians . DeJesus popped out to third . Sweeney singled to left center . Recker reached on infield single to shortstop , Sweeney to second . Sogard popped out to first . Sweeney to third , Recker to second on wild pitch by Hagadone . Weeks walked . Kluber pitching for Indians . Pennington singled to left center , Sweeney and Recker scored , Weeks to second . Crisp singled to right , Weeks scored , Pennington to second . Matsui safe at first on error by second baseman Donald , Pennington to third , Crisp to second . Allen struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 8th . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Santana flied out to right . Duncan popped out to second . Hannahan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Phelps at second base . Donald at shortstop . Kluber pitching for Indians . DeJesus flied out to right . Sweeney walked . Recker grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sweeney out at second . Sogard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics . Donald reached on infield single to pitcher . Head struck out swinging . Marson struck out looking . Carrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 7 - Indians 0 .	Gonzalez , A 's blank Indians to avoid sweep