Angels - Top 1st . Moscoso pitching for Athletics . Izturis flied out to center . Kendrick flied out to right . Abreu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Angels . Weeks grounded out to third . Pennington struck out swinging . Matsui singled to right . Willingham singled to center , Matsui to second . Sizemore flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Moscoso pitching for Athletics . Hunter grounded out to third . Callaspo struck out swinging . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Angels . Sweeney grounded out to second . Suzuki grounded out to third . Allen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Moscoso pitching for Athletics . Aybar doubled to deep right . Bourjos popped out to first , Aybar scored on throwing error by first baseman Allen . Conger struck out swinging . Izturis singled to left . Kendrick homered to center ( 410 feet ) , Izturis scored . Abreu fouled out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Angels . Taylor walked . Weeks doubled to deep center , Taylor scored . Pennington reached on infield single to shortstop , Weeks to third . Matsui walked , Pennington to second . Willingham walked , Weeks scored , Pennington to third , Matsui to second . Sizemore struck out swinging . Sweeney grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Willingham out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 4th . Moscoso pitching for Athletics . Hunter lined out to center . Callaspo singled to left . Wells popped out to shortstop . Aybar walked , Callaspo to second . Bourjos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Angels . Suzuki struck out swinging . Allen doubled to deep right . Taylor reached on infield single to shortstop , Allen to third . Weeks grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Taylor out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Moscoso pitching for Athletics . Conger flied out to right . Izturis doubled to deep left center . Kendrick grounded out to third . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Angels . Pennington walked . Matsui walked , Pennington to second . Willingham doubled to right , Pennington scored , Matsui to third . Sizemore struck out looking . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Sweeney flied out to left . Suzuki intentionally walked . Allen grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . De Los Santos pitching for Athletics . Hunter struck out swinging . Callaspo flied out to left . Wells popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Taylor grounded out to pitcher . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Pennington struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . De Los Santos pitching for Athletics . Aybar singled to right . Bourjos sacrificed to pitcher , Aybar to second . Conger singled to center , Aybar to third . Trout ran for Conger . Trout stole second . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aybar scored , Trout to third . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Trout out at home , Izturis to second . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Abreu lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Mathis catching . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Matsui walked . Willingham grounded into double play , third to second to first , Matsui out at second . Sizemore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics . Hunter flied out to right . Callaspo walked . Wells flied out to left . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Callaspo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Downs pitching for Angels . Miller hit for Sweeney . Miller singled to left . Suzuki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Miller out at second . Allen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Miller in center field . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Bourjos reached on bunt single to third . Bourjos stole second . Mathis sacrificed to third , Bourjos to third . Izturis struck out swinging . Kendrick homered to left ( 398 feet ) , Bourjos scored . Abreu walked . Abreu stole second . Hunter walked . Wagner pitching for Athletics . Callaspo walked , Abreu to third , Hunter to second . Wells fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Navarro at first base . Walden pitching for Angels . Taylor struck out swinging . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Pennington grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 6 - Athletics 3 .	Kendrick 's HRs help Halos keep up with Rangers