Phillies - Top 1st. Curtiss pitching for Rays. McCutchen singled to right center. Bohm singled to right, McCutchen to second. Harper flied out to center. Realmuto flied out to center. Segura reached on infield single to third, McCutchen scored on throwing error by third baseman Tsutsugo, Bohm to second. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Gregorius grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bohm out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Bottom 1st. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Arozarena singled to right. Lowe grounded into fielder's choice to second, Arozarena out at second. Adames grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lowe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Gosselin fouled out to first. Kingery struck out swinging. Quinn lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Tsutsugo walked. Brosseau grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tsutsugo out at second. Kiermaier grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. McCutchen hit ground rule double to deep right center. Bohm grounded out to pitcher. Harper struck out swinging. Realmuto singled to right center, McCutchen thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Margot grounded out to third. Phillips struck out swinging. Zunino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Segura reached on bunt single to catcher. Gregorius popped out to second. Gosselin struck out swinging. Kingery struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Arozarena struck out looking. Lowe walked. Adames grounded out to third, Lowe to second. Tsutsugo singled to shallow left center, Lowe scored. Brosseau struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Fairbanks pitching for Rays. Quinn grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen homered to left (367 feet). Bohm struck out swinging. Harper walked. Realmuto struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Kiermaier struck out swinging. Margot doubled to deep left center. Phillips struck out swinging. Zunino singled to left, Margot scored. Arozarena hit by pitch, Zunino to second. Lowe singled to left center, Zunino scored, Arozarena to second. Adames singled to center, Arozarena scored, Adames to second, Lowe to third. Tsutsugo walked. Brosseau struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Castillo pitching for Rays. Segura grounded out to second. Gregorius grounded out to first. Haseley hit for Gosselin. Haseley singled to center. Kingery safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Tsutsugo, Haseley to second. Quinn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Bottom 6th. Haseley in right field. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Kiermaier grounded out to second. Margot grounded out to third. Phillips grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Slegers pitching for Rays. McCutchen singled to deep center. Bohm singled to right center, McCutchen to second. Harper reached on infield single to second, McCutchen scored, Bohm to second. Realmuto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harper out at second, Bohm to third. Segura struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Zunino singled to deep left. Arozarena struck out swinging. Lowe grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zunino out at second. Adames popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Slegers pitching for Rays. Gregorius flied out to center. Haseley grounded out to pitcher. Kingery flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Tsutsugo walked. Brogdon pitching for Phillies. Brosseau struck out swinging. Kiermaier struck out looking. Margot struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Bruce hit for Quinn. Slegers pitching for Rays. Bruce singled to center. McCutchen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bruce out at second. Bohm lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Rays 4.	Rays beat Philadelphia 4-3, hurt Phillies' playoff hopes