Indians - Top 1st. Lynch pitching for Royals. Hernandez lined out to center. Rosario lined out to center. Ramírez walked. Reyes walked, Ramírez to second. Rosario lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Civale pitching for Indians. Merrifield lined out to left. Benintendi singled to right. Benintendi to second on wild pitch by Civale. Santana popped out to third. Pérez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Lynch pitching for Royals. Ramírez doubled to deep center. Naylor struck out swinging. Ramírez to third on balk. Pérez grounded out to third. Chang popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Civale pitching for Indians. Soler singled to left center. O'Hearn struck out swinging. Dozier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Soler out at second. Dyson singled to center, Dozier to second. Lopez walked, Dyson to second, Dozier to third. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Lynch pitching for Royals. Hernandez walked. Rosario grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hernandez out at second. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Civale pitching for Indians. Benintendi walked. Santana singled to right, Benintendi to second. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Santana out at second, Benintendi to third. Soler hit sacrifice fly to center, Benintendi scored. O'Hearn grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Lynch pitching for Royals. Reyes doubled to deep right center. Rosario sacrificed to shortstop, Reyes to third. Ramírez grounded out to first. Naylor doubled to deep right center, Reyes scored. Pérez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Civale pitching for Indians. Dozier tripled to left center. Dyson lined out to first. Lopez struck out swinging. Merrifield homered to left (382 feet), Dozier scored. Benintendi flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Lynch pitching for Royals. Chang struck out swinging. Hernandez walked. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hernandez out at second. Ramírez singled to left, Rosario to second. Barlow pitching for Royals. Ramírez to second on wild pitch by Barlow, Rosario to third on wild pitch by Barlow. Reyes singled to left, Rosario scored and Ramírez scored. Rosario walked, Reyes to second. Ramírez grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Civale pitching for Indians. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Pérez hit by pitch. Soler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pérez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Junis pitching for Royals. Naylor grounded out to shortstop. Pérez struck out looking. Chang grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Civale pitching for Indians. O'Hearn grounded out to first. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Dyson walked. Lopez singled to left, Dyson to second. Shaw pitching for Indians. Merrifield walked, Lopez to second, Dyson to third. Benintendi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Junis pitching for Royals. Hernandez singled to center. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hernandez out at second. Ramírez walked, Rosario to second. Reyes struck out swinging. Rosario homered to right (383 feet), Rosario scored and Ramírez scored. Ramírez singled to shallow center. Naylor homered to right (376 feet), Ramírez scored. Zuber pitching for Royals. Pérez struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Rosario in center field. Giménez at shortstop. Ramírez in left field. Shaw pitching for Indians. Santana walked. Santana to second on wild pitch by Shaw. Pérez struck out swinging. Soler doubled to deep right, Santana scored. O'Hearn grounded out to second, Soler to third. Karinchak pitching for Indians. Dozier homered to left (410 feet), Soler scored. Dyson struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Bauers hit for Chang. Zuber pitching for Royals. Bauers struck out swinging. Hernandez walked. Hernandez to second on wild pitch by Zuber. Rosario grounded out to second, Hernandez to third. Holland pitching for Royals. Ramírez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Bauers at first base. Karinchak pitching for Indians. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Merrifield safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Giménez. Benintendi popped out to third. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 9th. Staumont pitching for Royals. Reyes doubled to right. Giménez struck out swinging. Ramírez grounded out to first, Reyes to third. Naylor intentionally walked. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Naylor out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Clase pitching for Indians. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. Soler grounded out to shortstop. O'Hearn singled to left. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 8 - Royals 6.	Rosario's 3-run homer sends Indians to 8-6 win over Royals