Twins - Top 1st. McKenzie pitching for Indians. Arraez flied out to left. Donaldson flied out to left. Kepler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Dobnak pitching for Twins. Hernandez grounded out to second. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez singled to center. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. McKenzie pitching for Indians. Kirilloff flied out to center. Sanó flied out to center. Larnach walked. Garver struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Dobnak pitching for Twins. Naylor struck out swinging. Luplow struck out swinging. Bauers grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. McKenzie pitching for Indians. Refsnyder homered to left (386 feet). Simmons struck out swinging. Arraez struck out swinging. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Dobnak pitching for Twins. Rosario struck out swinging. Hedges grounded out to third. Hernandez safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Arraez. Rosario grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 4th. McKenzie pitching for Indians. Kepler walked. Kirilloff singled to right, Kepler to second. Sanó walked, Kirilloff to second, Kepler to third. Larnach grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kepler scored and Kirilloff scored on throwing error by shortstop Rosario, Larnach to second, Sanó out at second. Garver walked. Refsnyder walked, Garver to second, Larnach to third. Maton pitching for Indians. Simmons singled to right, Larnach scored, Refsnyder to second, Garver to third. Arraez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Simmons to second, Refsnyder to third, Garver out at home. Donaldson walked, Refsnyder scored, Arraez to second, Simmons to third. Kepler doubled to deep right, Simmons scored and Arraez scored, Donaldson to third. Kirilloff singled to deep left, Donaldson scored and Kepler scored. Sanó doubled to left center, Kirilloff scored. Mejia pitching for Indians. Larnach struck out swinging. 9 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 4th. Dobnak pitching for Twins. Ramírez lined out to left. Reyes walked. Naylor singled to left center, Reyes to third. Luplow struck out looking. Bauers grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Carlos Mejia pitching for Indians. Garver struck out swinging. Refsnyder struck out swinging. Simmons reached on infield single to shortstop. Arraez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Dobnak pitching for Twins. Rosario struck out swinging. Hedges lined out to left. Hernandez walked. Rosario singled to right, Hernandez to third. Ramírez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Carlos Mejia pitching for Indians. Donaldson flied out to left. Kepler struck out swinging. Kirilloff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Dobnak pitching for Twins. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. Naylor safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Donaldson. Luplow grounded into double play, third to second to first, Naylor out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 7th. Chang at third base. Quantrill pitching for Indians. Sanó grounded out to shortstop. Larnach struck out swinging. Garver singled to left center. Refsnyder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Alcala pitching for Twins. Bauers popped out to third. Rosario grounded out to first. Hedges struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Rivera catching. Quantrill pitching for Indians. Simmons struck out swinging. Arraez walked. Donaldson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arraez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Garlick in right field. Kirilloff at first base. Sanó at third base. Farrell pitching for Twins. Hernandez grounded out to second. Rosario singled to right. Ramírez ran for Rosario. Chang doubled to deep right center, Ramírez to third. Reyes struck out looking. Naylor grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Ramírez in left field. Stephan pitching for Indians. Kepler grounded out to shortstop. Kirilloff flied out to left. Sanó doubled to deep left. Larnach walked. Garver walked, Larnach to second, Sanó to third. Refsnyder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Farrell pitching for Twins. Luplow grounded out to shortstop. Bauers grounded out to shortstop. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 10 - Indians 0.	Twins shrug off travel, blast Indians 10-0 in series opener