Indians - Top 1st. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. Hernandez hit by pitch. Rosario grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hernandez out at second. Ramírez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Hentges pitching for Indians. Grossman walked. Schoop walked, Grossman to second. Candelario lined out to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Haase struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. Rosario singled to right center. Ramírez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rosario out at second. Naylor grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Hentges pitching for Indians. Goodrum singled to center. Goodrum to second on wild pitch by Hentges. Mazara struck out swinging. Reyes walked. Castro doubled to right, Goodrum scored, Reyes to third. Grossman hit sacrifice fly to center, Reyes scored, Castro to third. Schoop struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. Miller reached on infield single to second. Bauers singled to right center, Miller to second. Rivera singled to center, Miller scored, Bauers to third. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bauers scored, Rivera out at second. Rosario walked, Hernandez to second. Ramírez flied out to left. Rosario flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Hentges pitching for Indians. Candelario doubled to right. Cabrera struck out swinging. Haase grounded out to third. Goodrum reached on infield single to third, Candelario to third. Mazara singled to right, Candelario scored, Goodrum to third. Sam Hentges pitches to Victor Reyes. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. Ramírez grounded out to pitcher. Naylor grounded out to shortstop. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Hentges pitching for Indians. Reyes struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Grossman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. Bauers singled to left. Rivera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bauers out at second. Hernandez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Hentges pitching for Indians. Schoop grounded out to pitcher. Candelario grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. Rosario singled to center. Rosario stole second. Ramírez struck out swinging. Rosario grounded out to second, Rosario to third. Ramírez reached on infield single to pitcher, Rosario scored. Ramírez stole second. Naylor popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Mejia pitching for Indians. Haase struck out swinging. Goodrum flied out to left. Mazara grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Garcia pitching for Tigers. Miller safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Candelario. Bauers singled to center, Miller to second. Rivera sacrificed to pitcher, Bauers to second, Miller to third. Hernandez walked. Rosario flied out to center. Miller scored on Garcia wild pitch, Hernandez to second on wild pitch by Garcia, Bauers to third on wild pitch by Garcia. Ramírez walked. Norris pitching for Tigers. Rosario singled to left center, Bauers scored and Hernandez scored, Ramírez to third. Rosario caught stealing second, catcher to second. Daniel Norris pitches to Harold Ramirez. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Wittgren pitching for Indians. Reyes singled to left. Castro homered to right (356 feet), Reyes scored. Grossman lined out to right. Schoop lined out to first. Candelario lined out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Jiménez pitching for Tigers. Ramírez grounded out to first. Naylor struck out swinging. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Luplow in right field. Shaw pitching for Indians. Cabrera singled to center. Baddoo ran for Cabrera. Haase struck out swinging. Goodrum fouled out to left. Baddoo stole second. Mazara walked. Reyes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Baddoo as designated hitter. Funkhouser pitching for Tigers. Bauers walked. Rivera sacrificed to pitcher, Bauers to second. Hernandez grounded out to second, Bauers to third. Rosario grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Clase pitching for Indians. Castro struck out swinging. Grossman walked. Schoop singled to left, Grossman to second. Candelario grounded out to first, Schoop to second, Grossman to third. Baddoo intentionally walked. Haase lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 6 - Tigers 5.	Luplow's catch preserves Indians' 6-5 win over Tigers