Indians - Top 1st. Akin pitching for Orioles. Hernandez grounded out to second. Rosario flied out to center. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Carlos Mejia pitching for Indians. Mullins grounded out to first. Mancini lined out to third. Santander grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Akin pitching for Orioles. Ramírez walked. Rosario lined out to shortstop. Miller singled to left, Ramírez to second. Naylor flied out to center, Ramírez to third. Hedges struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Carlos Mejia pitching for Indians. Galvis lined out to left. Mountcastle struck out swinging. Stewart doubled to deep right. Franco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Akin pitching for Orioles. Zimmer struck out swinging. Hernandez singled to left. Rosario flied out to center. Ramírez singled to left, Hernandez to second. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramírez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Carlos Mejia pitching for Indians. Wilkerson reached on infield single to first. Severino struck out swinging. Mullins walked, Wilkerson to second. Mancini grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mullins out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Akin pitching for Orioles. Rosario grounded out to first. Miller grounded out to third. Naylor lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Maton pitching for Indians. Santander popped out to shortstop. Galvis grounded out to first. Mountcastle struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Akin pitching for Orioles. Hedges struck out looking. Zimmer lined out to second. Hernandez flied out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Maton pitching for Indians. Stewart struck out looking. Franco flied out to center. Wilkerson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Harvey pitching for Orioles. Rosario flied out to right. Ramírez reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramírez tripled to deep right, Ramírez scored. Rosario grounded out to first. Miller struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Sandlin pitching for Indians. Severino struck out swinging. Mullins grounded out to shortstop. Mancini struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Sulser pitching for Orioles. Naylor grounded out to second. Hedges popped out to shortstop. Zimmer singled to left. Zimmer stole second. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Shaw pitching for Indians. Santander walked. Galvis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Santander out at second. Galvis to second on wild pitch by Shaw. Mountcastle homered to left (368 feet), Galvis scored. Stewart reached on bunt single to catcher, Stewart safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Shaw. McKenna ran for Stewart. Franco fouled out to first. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 8th. McKenna in left field. Scott pitching for Orioles. Rosario struck out swinging. Ramírez struck out swinging. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Wittgren pitching for Indians. Severino singled to center. Mullins singled to left, Severino to second. Mancini reached on infield single to third, Mullins to second, Severino to third. Santander hit sacrifice fly to left, Severino scored, Mancini to second, Mullins to third. Galvis intentionally walked. Mountcastle grounded into double play, third to second to first, Galvis out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Fry pitching for Orioles. Rosario singled to right. Miller struck out swinging. Naylor grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rosario out at second. Chang hit for Hedges. Chang singled to right, Naylor to second. Zimmer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 1 - Orioles 3.	Mountcastle HR, Orioles keep winning in June, beat Indians