Mariners - Top 1st. McKenzie pitching for Indians. Crawford walked. Haniger walked, Crawford to second. Seager popped out to third. France flied out to center. Fraley walked, Haniger to second, Crawford to third. Moore walked, Crawford scored, Fraley to second, Haniger to third. Maton pitching for Indians. Bauers struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Hernandez walked. Rosario lined out to center. Ramírez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hernandez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Maton pitching for Indians. Murphy doubled to deep center. Trammell grounded out to first, Murphy to third. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. Haniger grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Ramírez reached on infield single to third, Ramírez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Seager. Rosario lined out to right. Chang walked. Naylor grounded out to first, Chang to second, Ramírez to third. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 3rd. Maton pitching for Indians. Seager flied out to right. France singled to shallow right. Fraley homered to right (396 feet), France scored. Moore struck out swinging. Bauers singled to center. Sandlin pitching for Indians. Murphy struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Rivera walked. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rivera out at second. Rosario struck out looking. Ramírez singled to shallow left, Hernandez to second. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hernandez out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Sandlin pitching for Indians. Trammell struck out swinging. Crawford walked. Haniger walked, Crawford to second. Seager struck out swinging. France grounded into fielder's choice to third, Haniger out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Rosario lined out to third. Chang grounded out to shortstop. Naylor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Stephan pitching for Indians. Fraley grounded out to second. Moore doubled to deep right. Bauers walked. Moore stole third. Murphy struck out swinging. Trammell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Miller grounded out to second. Rivera grounded out to third. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Wittgren pitching for Indians. Crawford lined out to left. Haniger struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Rosario grounded out to third. Ramírez struck out swinging. Ramírez singled to right. Rosario grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Parker pitching for Indians. France singled to shallow right. Fraley grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, France out at second. Moore homered to left center (427 feet). Bauers popped out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Chang lined out to center. Naylor grounded out to first. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Hentges pitching for Indians. Murphy struck out looking. Trammell flied out to left. Crawford flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Graveman pitching for Mariners. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez homered to center (404 feet). Rosario singled to right. Ramírez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Rosario out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Hentges pitching for Indians. Haniger singled to left. Seager struck out swinging. France struck out swinging. Haniger to second on wild pitch by Hentges. Fraley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Montero pitching for Mariners. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. Rosario grounded out to second. Zimmer hit for Chang. Zimmer walked. Naylor walked, Zimmer to second. Bradley hit for Miller. Bradley singled to right, Zimmer scored, Naylor to third. Rivera doubled to deep left, Bradley scored and Naylor scored. Hernandez flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 10th. Ramírez at third base. Ramírez in right field. Zimmer in center field. Karinchak pitching for Indians. Bradley at first base. Moore struck out looking. Bauers grounded out to shortstop, Fraley to third. Murphy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 10th. Sewald pitching for Mariners. Rosario singled to right center, Hernandez to third. Ramírez intentionally walked, Rosario to second. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hernandez scored on throwing error by pitcher Sewald, Ramírez to second, Rosario to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Mariners 4 - Indians 5.	Indians rally in 9th, top Mariners on throwing error in 10th