Indians - Top 1st. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Hernandez lined out to left. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Mejia pitching for Indians. Frazier singled to center. Hayes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Frazier to second. Reynolds singled to center, Hayes to second, Frazier to third. Moran grounded out to first, Frazier scored, Reynolds to second, Hayes to third. Stallings doubled to deep right, Hayes scored and Reynolds scored. Polanco homered to right (410 feet), Stallings scored. Newman struck out swinging. Tom struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Rosario walked. Bradley grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Rosario out at second. Naylor flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Mejia pitching for Indians. Kuhl grounded out to second. Frazier lined out to right. Hayes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Zimmer singled to left center. Rivera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Zimmer out at second. Mejia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Mejia pitching for Indians. Reynolds homered to right (387 feet). Moran singled to left. Stallings lined out to left. Polanco grounded into double play, first to third, Moran out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Hernandez singled to right. Rosario grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Hernandez out at second. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Mejia pitching for Indians. Newman grounded out to third. Tom flied out to center. Kuhl struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Rosario struck out swinging. Bradley flied out to left. Naylor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Mejia pitching for Indians. Frazier singled to center. Hayes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Frazier out at second. Reynolds flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Zimmer hit by pitch. Rivera singled to center, Zimmer to third. Chang hit for Mejia. Chang lined into double play, third to first, Rivera doubled off first. Hernandez singled to center, Zimmer scored. Rosario struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Nelson pitching for Indians. Moran flied out to right. Stallings walked. Polanco struck out swinging. Newman singled to left, Stallings to second. Tom walked, Newman to second, Stallings to third. Evans hit for Kuhl. Evans walked, Stallings scored, Tom to second, Newman to third. Frazier hit by pitch, Newman scored, Evans to second, Tom to third. Hayes doubled to deep right, Frazier scored, Tom scored and Evans scored. Parker pitching for Indians. Reynolds grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Howard pitching for Pirates. Evans at first base. Ramírez walked. Rosario singled to right, Ramírez to third. Bradley walked, Rosario to second. Naylor singled to shallow left, Ramírez scored, Bradley to second, Rosario to third. Zimmer struck out swinging. Rivera singled to left, Rosario scored, Naylor to second, Bradley to third. Ramírez hit for Parker. Ramírez lined out to shortstop. Hernandez homered to center (407 feet), Bradley scored, Naylor scored and Rivera scored. Bednar pitching for Pirates. Rosario grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Gamel hit for Bednar. Maton pitching for Indians. Gamel flied out to right. Stallings struck out swinging. Polanco walked. Polanco stole second. Newman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Crick pitching for Pirates. Ramírez hit by pitch. Clement ran for Ramírez. Rosario singled to right, Clement to second. Bradley struck out swinging. Naylor lined out to right. Zimmer hit by pitch, Rosario to second, Clement to third. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Rivera singled to center, Clement scored, Rosario scored and Zimmer scored on throwing error by center fielder Reynolds, Rivera to second. Lavarnway hit for Maton. Lavarnway struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Clement at third base. Wittgren pitching for Indians. Tom grounded out to first. Evans struck out looking. Frazier grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Hernandez struck out swinging. Rosario singled to right. Clement singled to right, Rosario to second. Rosario flied out to center, Clement to second, Rosario to third. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 10 - Pirates 11.	Pirates snap 10-game skid, hold on to beat Indians 11-10