Rangers - Top 1st. Hentges pitching for Indians. Kiner-Falefa lined out to center. Ibáñez grounded out to third. García grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Straw homered to right (340 feet). Rosario grounded out to first. Ramírez walked. Ramírez stole second. Reyes doubled to deep left, Ramírez scored. Zimmer homered to (465 feet), Reyes scored. Miller grounded out to pitcher. Johnson struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Hentges pitching for Indians. Peters singled to left. Lowe flied out to center. Trevino doubled to left, Peters scored. Solak singled to right, Trevino scored. Taveras struck out looking. Dorow flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Hedges struck out swinging. Giménez struck out swinging. Straw grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Hentges pitching for Indians. Kiner-Falefa singled to right. Ibáñez doubled to deep center, Kiner-Falefa to third. García struck out swinging. Peters grounded out to pitcher. Kiner-Falefa and Ibáñez scored on error, Lowe safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Ramírez, Lowe out at second on runner's fielder's choice. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Rosario singled to right center. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rosario out at second. Reyes popped out to shortstop. Ramírez stole second. Zimmer safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Lowe, Ramírez safe at third on error. Zimmer stole second. Miller grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 4th. Hentges pitching for Indians. Trevino walked. Solak lined out to center. Taveras struck out swinging. Trevino to second on wild pitch by Hentges. Dorow walked. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Johnson singled to left center. Hedges singled to left, Johnson to second. Giménez doubled to right, Johnson scored, Hedges to third. Straw grounded out to catcher. Rosario hit sacrifice fly to left, Hedges scored, Giménez to third. Ramírez singled to right, Giménez scored. Ramírez stole second. Reyes singled to left, Ramírez scored. Santana pitching for Rangers. Zimmer struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Stephan pitching for Indians. Ibáñez grounded out to shortstop. García struck out swinging. Peters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Rangers. Miller homered to left (359 feet). Johnson struck out swinging. Hedges walked. Hedges stole second. Giménez struck out looking. Straw grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Stephan pitching for Indians. Lowe struck out swinging. Trevino struck out swinging. Solak homered to right (379 feet). Taveras lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Sborz pitching for Rangers. Rosario flied out to center. Ramírez reached on infield single to second. Ramírez to second on wild pitch by Sborz. Reyes walked. Zimmer grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Reyes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Stephan pitching for Indians. Dorow grounded out to shortstop. Kiner-Falefa flied out to right. Ibáñez singled to right. Wittgren pitching for Indians. García lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Evans pitching for Rangers. Miller reached on infield single to shortstop. Johnson singled to center, Miller to second. Hedges struck out swinging. Giménez struck out swinging. Straw struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Wittgren pitching for Indians. Peters homered to right (354 feet). Lowe grounded out to second. Trevino singled to right. Solak grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Trevino out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Patton pitching for Rangers. Rosario flied out to right. Ramírez walked. Reyes singled to shallow left center, Ramírez to third. Zimmer singled to shallow left center, Ramírez scored, Zimmer to second, Reyes thrown out at third. Miller struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Clase pitching for Indians. Taveras safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Miller. Dorow struck out swinging, Taveras stole second. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop, Taveras to third. Ibáñez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - Indians 10.	Zimmer's 465-foot HR, big innings lead Indians past Rangers