Twins - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Núñez struck out swinging. Dozier struck out swinging. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Gibson pitching for Twins. Taylor struck out swinging. Rendon singled to right. Harper grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rendon out at second. Zimmerman walked, Harper to second. Murphy singled to left, Harper scored, Zimmerman to second, Murphy to second, Zimmerman to third advancing on throw. Werth walked. Espinosa hit by pitch, Zimmerman scored, Murphy to third, Werth to second. Lobatón singled to left, Murphy and Werth scored, Espinosa to second. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Sanó struck out swinging. Rosario reached on infield single to second. Escobar lined out to left. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. Rendon reached on infield single to second. Harper popped out to third. Zimmerman lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Gibson struck out swinging. Buxton flied out to left. Núñez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Murphy doubled to right. Werth lined out to right, Murphy to third. Espinosa singled to right, Murphy scored. Lobatón tripled to deep right center, Espinosa scored. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to left, Lobatón scored. Taylor grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Dozier safe at first on error by shortstop Espinosa. Dozier to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez. Mauer singled to left, Dozier scored. Sanó struck out swinging. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mauer out at second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rosario out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Tonkin pitching for Twins. Rendon struck out looking. Harper flied out to left. Zimmerman lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Suzuki singled to center. Tonkin struck out bunting foul. Buxton struck out looking. Núñez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Tonkin pitching for Twins. Murphy lined out to left. Werth homered to left center (399 feet). Espinosa singled to center. Lobatón walked, Espinosa to second. Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher, Espinosa to third, Lobatón to second. Taylor lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. den Dekker in left field. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Mauer grounded out to first. Sanó singled to left. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sanó out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Tonkin pitching for Twins. Rendon popped out to first. Harper walked. Zimmerman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Escobar singled to left. Suzuki singled to right, Escobar to second. Park hit for Tonkin. Park walked, Escobar to third, Suzuki to second. Kelley pitching for Nationals. Buxton struck out swinging. Núñez singled to right, Escobar and Suzuki scored, Park to second. Dozier popped out to third. Rivero pitching for Nationals. Mauer grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Pressly pitching for Twins. Murphy grounded out to second. den Dekker walked. Espinosa grounded into fielder's choice to third, den Dekker out at second. Lobatón flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Vazquez pitching for Nationals. Sanó homered to center (430 feet). Rosario grounded out to second. Escobar grounded out to catcher. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. O'Rourke pitching for Twins. Heisey hit for Rivero. Heisey hit by pitch. Taylor struck out swinging. Rendon flied out to right. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Polanco hit for O'Rourke. Polanco flied out to left. Buxton walked. Núñez grounded out to pitcher, Buxton to second. Dozier lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 4 - Nationals 8.	Werth homers, Gonzalez wins, as Nationals defeat Twins 8-4