Royals - Top 1st. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Escobar doubled to left. Merrifield grounded out to pitcher. Cain doubled to right center, Escobar scored. Hosmer struck out swinging. Morales lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Núñez grounded out to second. Mauer homered to left (357 feet). Sanó lined out to center. Plouffe reached on infield single to shortstop, Plouffe to second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Park hit by pitch. Grossman singled to right, Plouffe scored, Park to third. Escobar grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Pérez doubled to deep left. Orlando singled to center, Pérez to third. Infante hit sacrifice fly to right, Pérez scored. Dyson struck out swinging, Orlando stole second, Orlando to third on throwing error by catcher Suzuki. Escobar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Suzuki singled to right center. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to first, Suzuki out at second. Núñez popped out to second. Santana stole second. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Merrifield singled to right. Cain lined out to center. Hosmer singled to left center, Merrifield to second. Morales walked, Merrifield to third, Hosmer to second. Pérez singled to left, Merrifield scored, Hosmer to third, Morales to second. Orlando hit sacrifice fly to right, Hosmer scored, Morales to third. Infante walked, Pérez to second. Dyson singled to right center, Morales and Pérez scored, Infante to third. May pitching for Twins. Dyson stole second. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Sanó struck out swinging. Plouffe singled to center. Park struck out swinging. Grossman walked, Plouffe to second. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. May pitching for Twins. Merrifield doubled to deep left center. Cain struck out swinging. Hosmer struck out swinging. Morales singled to left, Merrifield scored. Pérez singled to center, Morales to second. Orlando singled to center, Morales scored, Perez to third. Infante flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Suzuki lined out to left. Alexander pitching for Royals. Santana grounded out to second. Núñez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Twins. Dyson grounded out to pitcher. Escobar flied out to center. Merrifield grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Alexander pitching for Royals. Mauer singled to left. Sanó walked, Mauer to second. Plouffe flied out to right, Mauer to third. Park grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Sanó out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Rogers pitching for Twins. Cain singled to right. Hosmer grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Cain out at second. Morales flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Alexander pitching for Royals. Grossman hit ground rule double to right. Escobar reached on infield single to first, Grossman to third. Moylan pitching for Royals. Suzuki grounded into double play, third to second to first, Grossman scored, Escobar out at second. Santana lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Kintzler pitching for Twins. Pérez tripled to right. Orlando struck out swinging. Infante struck out swinging. Dyson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Moylan pitching for Royals. Núñez grounded out to pitcher. Mauer singled to center. Sanó grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Mauer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Abad pitching for Twins. Escobar struck out swinging. Merrifield struck out looking. Cain grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Moylan pitching for Royals. Plouffe singled to left. Park singled to left, Plouffe to second. Grossman flied out to left. Escobar singled to right center, Plouffe scored, Park to second. Herrera pitching for Royals. Suzuki struck out looking. Santana lined out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Jepsen pitching for Twins. Hosmer struck out swinging. Morales lined out to third. Pérez singled to left. Orlando singled to right, Pérez to second. Infante doubled to center, Pérez and Orlando scored. Dyson fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Wang pitching for Royals. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. Mauer grounded out to first. Sanó walked. Plouffe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sanó out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 10 - Twins 4.	Perez has 5 hits as Royals beat Twins 10-4