Twins - Top 1st. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Dozier doubled to left. Polanco flied out to center. Kepler singled to center, Dozier scored. Plouffe doubled to deep right, Kepler scored. Vargas flied out to left, Plouffe to third. Rosario struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Gibson pitching for Twins. Inciarte singled to left. García grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Inciarte out at second. Freeman walked. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freeman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Centeno lined out to left. Grossman walked. Gibson bunted into fielder's choice to first, Grossman out at second. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Markakis walked. Markakis to second on wild pitch by Gibson. Recker grounded out to first, Markakis to third. Peterson grounded out to pitcher. Swanson lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Polanco singled to left center. Polanco to second on wild pitch by Foltynewicz. Polanco to third on passed ball by Recker. Kepler walked. Kepler to second on wild pitch by Foltynewicz. Plouffe grounded out to pitcher. Vargas struck out looking. Rosario lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Foltynewicz flied out to right. Inciarte lined out to shortstop. García reached on infield single to second. Freeman homered to left center (385 feet), García scored. Kemp doubled to right center. Markakis flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Centeno walked. Grossman struck out swinging. Gibson struck out swinging. Dozier grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Recker fouled out to third. Peterson lined out to shortstop. Swanson singled to right. Foltynewicz lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Polanco struck out looking. Kepler struck out looking. Plouffe singled to left. Vargas grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Inciarte doubled to deep left center. García grounded out to second, Inciarte to third. Freeman intentionally walked. Kemp grounded into double play, third to second to first, Freeman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Rosario doubled to deep left. Centeno doubled to deep left center, Rosario scored. Grossman popped out to second. Gibson struck out swinging. Dozier intentionally walked. Polanco struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Markakis struck out swinging. Recker flied out to right. Peterson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Kepler singled to right. Plouffe walked, Kepler to second. Krol pitching for Braves. Beckham at second base. Kepler to third, Plouffe to second on wild pitch by Krol. Vargas intentionally walked. Rosario singled to center, Kepler scored, Plouffe to third, Vargas to second. Centeno grounded into fielder's choice to second, Plouffe scored, Rosario out at second, Vargas to third. Grossman singled to right, Vargas scored, Centeno to second. Gibson struck out bunting foul. Roe pitching for Braves. Dozier struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Swanson struck out swinging. Beckham grounded out to third. Inciarte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Roe pitching for Braves. Polanco singled to center. Polanco stole second. Kepler struck out swinging. Plouffe grounded out to third, Polanco to third. Vargas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Gibson pitching for Twins. García flied out to right. Freeman flied out to left. Kemp lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Hursh pitching for Braves. Rosario grounded out to first. Centeno walked. Grossman walked, Centeno to second. Gibson walked, Centeno to third, Grossman to second. Dozier singled to left, Centeno and Grossman scored, Gibson to second. Weber pitching for Braves. Polanco singled to right, Gibson to third, Dozier to second. Kepler lined out to center. Plouffe singled to center, Gibson and Dozier scored, Polanco to third, Plouffe out stretching at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Markakis homered to right center (419 feet). Recker struck out swinging. Francoeur hit for Weber. Francoeur struck out swinging. Swanson singled to center. Swanson to second on fielder's indifference. Beckham struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 10 - Braves 3.	Gibson pitches first nine-inning complete game, Twins win