Twins - Top 1st. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Dozier struck out swinging. Polanco struck out swinging. Grossman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Duffey pitching for Twins. Eaton struck out swinging. Anderson tripled to deep center. Cabrera doubled to left, Anderson scored. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Morneau reached on infield single to shortstop, Cabrera to third. Cabrera scored, Morneau to second on wild pitch by Duffey. Frazier popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Sanó struck out swinging. Vargas struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Duffey pitching for Twins. Sánchez struck out looking. Narvaez struck out swinging. García struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Murphy struck out looking. Schafer doubled to right. Buxton walked. Dozier grounded into double play, third to second to first, Buxton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Duffey pitching for Twins. Eaton walked. Anderson homered to left center (416 feet), Eaton scored. Cabrera doubled to deep right center. Abreu doubled to left, Cabrera scored. Dean pitching for Twins. Morneau lined out to center, Abreu to third. Frazier popped out to first. Sánchez lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Polanco lined out to left. Grossman lined out to center. Sanó struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Dean pitching for Twins. Narvaez homered to right (384 feet). García singled to right. Eaton grounded into fielder's choice to second, García out at second. Anderson struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left, Eaton scored. Abreu walked, Cabrera to second. Morneau grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Vargas struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. Murphy lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Dean pitching for Twins. Frazier singled to center. Sánchez struck out swinging. Narvaez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Frazier out at second. García grounded into fielder's choice to third, Narvaez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Schafer walked. Buxton safe at first on error by third baseman Frazier, Schafer to second. Dozier singled to right, Schafer to third, Buxton to second. Schafer scored, Buxton to third, Dozier to second on wild pitch by Rodon. Polanco singled to right, Buxton scored, Dozier to third. Grossman walked, Polanco to second. Sanó hit sacrifice fly to right, Dozier scored, Polanco to third. Vargas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Grossman out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Dean pitching for Twins. Eaton singled to center. Anderson singled to right, Eaton to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Light pitching for Twins. Abreu grounded out to third, Eaton to third, Anderson to second. Morneau grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Beck pitching for White Sox. Escobar walked. Murphy flied out to center. Schafer reached on bunt single to third, Escobar to second. Buxton fouled out to left. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Light pitching for Twins. Frazier struck out swinging. Sánchez grounded out to shortstop. Narvaez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Beck pitching for White Sox. Polanco singled to center. Grossman singled to left, Polanco to second. Jones pitching for White Sox. Sanó grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Grossman out at second, Polanco to third. Vargas walked. Escobar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. O'Rourke pitching for Twins. García struck out swinging. Eaton popped out to shortstop. Anderson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Kahnle pitching for White Sox. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Schafer lined out to second. Buxton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 3 - White Sox 7.	Minnesota low: Rodon, White Sox send Twins to 103rd loss