Athletics - Top 1st. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Kotsay singled to left. Kendall hit by pitch, Kotsay to second. Chavez batting. Hatteberg grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Winn hit by pitch. Winn caught stealing second, catcher to second. Beltre singled to left center. Sexson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Kielty walked. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kielty out at second. Ellis singled to center, Johnson to second. Swisher fouled out to third. Scutaro walked, Johnson to third, Ellis to second. Kotsay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Ibanez flied out to right. Boone lined out to center. Reed doubled to left. Morse grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Kendall grounded out to pitcher. Chavez walked. Hatteberg singled to right, Chavez to third. Kielty hit sacrifice fly to right, Chavez scored. Johnson flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Borders grounded out to third. Suzuki grounded out to third. Winn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Ellis flied out to center. Swisher singled to center. Scutaro reached on infield single to third, Swisher to second, Swisher to third, Scutaro to second on throwing error by third baseman Beltre. Kotsay grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Swisher out at home. Kendall lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Beltre struck out swinging. Sexson struck out looking. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Chavez doubled to deep right. Hatteberg singled to right, Chavez to third. Kielty grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chavez scored, Hatteberg out at second. Johnson flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Boone flied out to center. Reed grounded out to shortstop. Morse grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Ellis grounded out to second. Swisher singled to center. Scutaro fouled out to shortstop. Kotsay flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Borders reached on infield single to third. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Borders out at second. Winn grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Suzuki out at second. Beltre flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Kendall grounded out to second. Chavez singled to left. Hatteberg doubled to deep right center, Chavez scored. Kielty struck out swinging. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Johnson singled to center, Hatteberg scored. Ellis singled to left, Johnson to second. Swisher singled to center, Johnson scored, Ellis to third. Scutaro struck out looking. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Sexson struck out looking. Ibanez struck out swinging. Boone flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Kotsay grounded out to second. Kendall singled to center. Chavez struck out looking. Hatteberg singled to right, Kendall to second. Kielty flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Reed singled to left. Morse lined out to shortstop. Borders flied out to center. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reed out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Johnson singled to right. Ellis flied out to right. Swisher popped out to second. Scutaro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Winn grounded out to second. Beltre lined out to pitcher. Sexson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 5 - Mariners 0.	Captain Kirk: A's Saarloos hurls four-hit shutout