Mariners - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Suzuki flied out to left. Bloomquist doubled to left. Bloomquist picked off second. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Sele pitching for Mariners. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. Graffanino fouled out to first. Sweeney hit by pitch. Stairs singled to center, Sweeney to third. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to second, Stairs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Sexson struck out looking. Beltre tripled to deep right center. Reed grounded out to first. Lopez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Sele pitching for Mariners. Long popped out to shortstop. Berroa reached on infield single to third. Teahen reached on infield single to second, Berroa to second. Buck singled to right center, Berroa scored, Teahen to third. DeJesus lined out to shortstop. Graffanino grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Snelling walked. Snelling caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Borders lined out to first. Suzuki singled to left center. Gotay hit for Sweeney. Bloomquist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Sele pitching for Mariners. Gotay flied out to right. Stairs singled to center. Brown singled to center, Stairs to second. Long lined out to shortstop. Berroa reached on infield single to shortstop, Stairs to third, Brown to second. Teahen walked, Stairs scored, Brown to third, Berroa to second. Buck flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Ibanez flied out to left. Sexson doubled to deep left. Beltre flied out to right, Sexson to third. Reed grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Sele pitching for Mariners. DeJesus grounded out to second. Graffanino tripled to deep center. Gotay lined out to right. Stairs popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Lopez reached on infield single to third, Lopez to second on throwing error by third baseman Teahen. Snelling popped out to shortstop. Borders grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki singled to center, Lopez scored. Suzuki caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Bloomquist batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 5th. Sele pitching for Mariners. Brown grounded out to shortstop. Long singled to right. Berroa reached on infield single to shortstop, Long to second. Teahen grounded into fielder's choice double play, shortstop to second to first to second to first, Long scored, Berroa out at second, Teahen out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Bloomquist doubled to deep left center. Ibanez flied out to right. Sexson singled to left, Bloomquist to third. Beltre grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sexson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Sele pitching for Mariners. Buck grounded out to first. DeJesus grounded out to first. Graffanino homered to left. Gotay flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Nunez pitching for Royals. Reed singled to right. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reed out at second. Snelling flied out to right. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Borders flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Stairs flied out to center. Brown lined out to shortstop. Long grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals. Suzuki fouled out to left. Bloomquist doubled to right. Sisco pitching for Royals. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Ibanez walked. Sexson grounded into double play, third to first, Bloomquist out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Berroa hit by pitch. Teahen struck out swinging. Buck singled to left, Berroa to second. DeJesus popped out to shortstop. Villone pitching for Mariners. Graffanino safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez, Berroa scored, Buck to third. Gotay walked, Graffanino to second. Stairs grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Beltre struck out swinging. Winn hit for Lopez. Reed grounded out to third. Winn walked. Winn to second on fielder's indifference. Spiezio hit for Borders. Snelling walked. Spiezio struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 1 - Royals 5.	All-Star Sweeney hurt, but Royals down M's