Rangers - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Matthews Jr singled to center. Young doubled to right, Matthews Jr to third. Teixeira grounded out to second, Matthews Jr scored, Young to third. Blalock struck out swinging. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Loe pitching for Rangers. Suzuki grounded out to second. Reed grounded out to first. Ibanez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Mench grounded out to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Botts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Loe pitching for Rangers. Sexson walked. Beltre struck out swinging. Dobbs flied out to left. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sexson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Barajas flied out to right. Matthews Jr walked. Matthews Jr picked off first. Young singled to center. Teixeira flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Loe pitching for Rangers. Betancourt hit ground rule double to deep center. Torrealba struck out swinging. Suzuki lined into double play, left to second, Betancourt doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Blalock hit by pitch. Soriano struck out swinging. Mench grounded into double play, second to first, Blalock out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Reed hit ground rule double to deep center. Ibanez singled to left, Reed scored on error by left fielder Botts. Sexson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ibanez out at second. Beltre walked. Dobbs popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez singled to right. Botts struck out swinging. Barajas fouled out to catcher. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Lopez singled to right center. Lopez stole second. Betancourt walked. Torrealba sacrificed to third, Lopez to third, Betancourt to second. Suzuki intentionally walked. Reed grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lopez scored, Suzuki out at second, Betancourt to third. Ibanez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Young grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira flied out to center. Blalock walked. Soriano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blalock out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. Beltre singled to center. Dobbs grounded into double play, third to second to first, Beltre out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Mench grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Botts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Lopez doubled to deep left. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Torrealba grounded out to second, Lopez to third. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Suzuki intentionally walked. Reed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Texas's Manager Showalter ejected by Timmons in the 8th. Matthews Jr walked. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Matthews Jr out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Ibanez grounded out to second. Sexson lined out to center. Beltre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Teixeira walked. German ran for Blalock. Blalock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Teixeira out at second. Soriano grounded out to third, German to second. Mench singled to left, German scored, Mench to second advancing on throw. German at third base. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Mench in left field. Derosa in right field. Gonzalez struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Dobbs flied out to center. Lopez reached on infield single to third. Hansen hit for Torrealba. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Rivera hit for Hansen. Betancourt walked, Lopez to second. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second, Lopez to third. Suzuki intentionally walked, Rivera to second. Rivera catching. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Reed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 10th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Derosa grounded out to shortstop. Barajas flied out to left. Matthews Jr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 10th. Wasdin pitching for Rangers. Ibanez grounded out to second. Sexson flied out to right. Beltre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 11th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Young flied out to right. Teixeira reached on infield single to second. German doubled to deep center, Teixeira scored. Soriano flied out to right, German to third. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Mench grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 11th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Dobbs grounded out to first. Lopez doubled to center. Choo hit for Rivera. Betancourt singled to left, Lopez to third. Choo struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 3 - Mariners 2.	Rangers need 11 innings to put away Mariners