Royals - Top 1st. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Berroa grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus reached on infield single to second. Graffanino singled to right, DeJesus to second. Brown hit ground rule double to deep right, DeJesus scored, Graffanino to third. Long singled to center, Graffanino and Brown scored. Gotay reached on infield single to shortstop, Long to second. Teahen struck out swinging. Buck reached on infield single to second, Long to third, Gotay to second. Howell lined out to third. 3 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Howell pitching for Royals. Cintron struck out looking. Clayton singled to left. Clayton to second on wild pitch by Howell. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Clayton to third. Glaus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Berroa struck out swinging. DeJesus singled to shallow left center. Graffanino lined into double play, third to first, DeJesus doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Howell pitching for Royals. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Green grounded out to shortstop. Cruz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Brown doubled to deep right center. Long safe at first on error by second baseman Cintron, Brown to third. Gotay hit sacrifice fly to right, Brown scored. Teahen struck out swinging. Buck singled to left center, Long to third. Howell grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Howell pitching for Royals. Snyder struck out swinging. Halsey walked. Cintron popped out to second. Clayton hit by pitch, Halsey to second. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Berroa lined out to third. DeJesus grounded out to first. Graffanino singled to center. Brown grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Howell pitching for Royals. Glaus singled to left. Clark singled to left, Glaus to second. Green struck out swinging. Cruz struck out swinging. Snyder walked, Glaus to third, Clark to second. Halsey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Long flied out to center. Gotay reached on infield single to third. Teahen flied out to left. Gotay stole second. Buck intentionally walked. Howell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Howell pitching for Royals. Cintron grounded out to third. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Berroa lined out to center. DeJesus flied out to right. Graffanino flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Howell pitching for Royals. Glaus singled to center. Sisco pitching for Royals. Clark singled to left, Glaus to second. Green grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Clark out at second, Glaus to third. Cruz singled to center, Glaus scored. Snyder grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cruz out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Brown reached on infield single to third, Brown to second on throwing error by third baseman Glaus. Long singled to right center, Brown scored. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken in center field. Gotay flied out to center. Teahen struck out looking. Buck homered to center, Long scored. Sisco struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Sisco pitching for Royals. McCracken walked. Wood pitching for Royals. Cintron singled to right, McCracken to second. Clayton bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, McCracken out at third, Cintron to second. Gonzalez flied out to left. Glaus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Berroa struck out swinging. DeJesus singled to left. Graffanino singled to left, DeJesus to second. Brown hit ground rule double to deep left center, DeJesus scored, Graffanino to third. Long walked. Gotay popped out to second. Teahen grounded into fielder's choice to first, Long out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Wood pitching for Royals. Clark homered to center. Tracy hit for Valverde. Green homered to right center. Tracy flied out to right. Snyder walked. Affeldt pitching for Royals. McCracken walked, Snyder to second. Herges pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron grounded into double play, third to second, Snyder out at third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Costa hit for Affeldt. Herges pitching for Diamondbacks. Buck popped out to second. Costa grounded out to second. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Counsell hit for Clayton. Berroa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Counsell walked. Counsell to second on fielder's indifference. Gonzalez singled to center, Counsell scored. Glaus struck out swinging. Clark grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gonzalez safe at third on error by shortstop Berroa. Hairston hit for Herges. Green doubled to deep left, Gonzalez scored, Clark to third. Hairston popped out to second. Snyder grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Royals 8 - Diamondbacks 5.	Royals back up Howell's solid debut with offensive burst