Royals - Top 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. DeJesus homered to right. Graffanino singled to left. Sweeney struck out swinging. Brown singled to center, Graffanino to second. Long singled to right, Graffanino scored, Brown to second. Berroa struck out swinging. Buck struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Sizemore singled to shallow left. Belliard reached on bunt single to pitcher, Sizemore to second. Sizemore to third, Belliard to second on balk by Carrasco. Crisp grounded out to first, Sizemore scored, Belliard to third. Martinez walked. Broussard grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Belliard out at home, Martinez to second. Peralta doubled to left, Martinez scored, Broussard to third. Broussard out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Blake batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Teahen lined out to left. McEwing popped out to shortstop. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Blake singled to right. Gerut singled to center, Blake to second. Boone safe at first on error by first baseman Graffanino, Blake to third, Gerut to second. Sizemore hit sacrifice fly to left, Blake scored. Gerut to third, Boone to second on wild pitch by Carrasco. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gerut out at home, Boone to third, Belliard to second. Crisp grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Graffanino walked. Sweeney grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Graffanino out at second. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Martinez singled to right center. Broussard homered to center, Martinez scored. Peralta singled to center. Gobble pitching for Royals. Blake lined out to left. Gerut flied out to center. Boone grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Long grounded out to second. Berroa grounded out to third. Buck walked. Teahen grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Sizemore flied out to left. Belliard popped out to first. Crisp struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. McEwing struck out swinging. DeJesus struck out looking. Graffanino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Martinez walked. Broussard flied out to center. Peralta doubled to deep center, Martinez to third. Blake intentionally walked. Gerut reached on infield single to second, Martinez scored, Peralta to third, Blake to second. Boone batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 2 - Indians 6.	Short work: Indians play five innings and snap skid