Blue Jays - Top 1st. Snyder pitching for Royals. Johnson singled to left. Catalanotto singled to right, Johnson to third. Wells hit sacrifice fly to right, Johnson scored. Hillenbrand flied out to center. Hill grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. DeJesus fouled out to third. Gotay flied out to center. Long grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Snyder pitching for Royals. Zaun grounded out to first. Rios flied out to left. Hinske fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Brown fouled out to third. Stairs fouled out to shortstop. Berroa singled to left. Teahen walked, Berroa to second. Berroa to third, Teahen to second on passed ball by Zaun. Buck singled to center, Berroa and Teahen scored. Murphy singled to left center, Buck to second. DeJesus popped out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Snyder pitching for Royals. Hudson singled to left. Johnson singled to center, Hudson to second. Catalanotto tripled to deep right center, Hudson and Johnson scored. Wells flied out to center. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. Hill flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Gotay flied out to center. Long singled to left. Brown grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Long out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Snyder pitching for Royals. Zaun flied out to center. Rios singled to left. Hinske walked, Rios to second. Hudson struck out swinging. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Stairs doubled to deep right. Berroa grounded out to shortstop. Teahen singled to left, Stairs to third. Buck grounded into double play, third to second to first, Teahen out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Snyder pitching for Royals. Catalanotto walked. Wells doubled to left, Catalanotto to third. Hillenbrand doubled to deep left center, Catalanotto and Wells scored. Wood pitching for Royals. Hill walked. Hillenbrand to third, Hill to second on wild pitch by Wood. Zaun safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Murphy, Hillenbrand scored, Hill to third. Rios walked, Zaun to second. Hinske doubled to deep right, Hill and Zaun scored, Rios to third. Hudson hit sacrifice fly to left, Rios scored. Johnson grounded out to shortstop, Hinske to third. Catalanotto flied out to left. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 5th. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Murphy flied out to right. DeJesus grounded out to second. Gotay grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Wood pitching for Royals. Wells flied out to right. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Hill grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Long flied out to left. Brown struck out swinging. Stairs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Wood pitching for Royals. Zaun singled to left. Rios grounded into double play, third to second to first, Zaun out at second. Hinske grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Berroa grounded out to first. Teahen doubled to right center. Buck singled to center, Teahen to third. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Teahen scored, Buck out at second. DeJesus flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Wood pitching for Royals. Hudson safe at first on error by first baseman Stairs. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hudson out at second. Catalanotto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Gotay singled to left. Long singled to right center, Gotay to third. Brown hit sacrifice fly to left, Gotay scored. Stairs grounded into fielder's choice to first, Long out at second. Berroa flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Nunez pitching for Royals. Wells flied out to right. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. Hill flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Teahen struck out swinging. Buck hit by pitch. Buck to second on fielder's indifference. Murphy struck out swinging. DeJesus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 9 - Royals 4.	Jays use six-run fifth to fly past Royals