Royals - Top 1st. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Brown flied out to center. DeJesus struck out looking. Sweeney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Suzuki flied out to left. Bloomquist singled to right. Ibanez walked, Bloomquist to second. Bloomquist to third, Ibanez to second on wild pitch by Carrasco. Sexson walked. Beltre homered to center, Bloomquist, Ibanez and Sexson scored. Reed doubled to deep left center. Morse struck out swinging. Reed caught stealing third, catcher to third. Betancourt batting. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Stairs struck out swinging. Ambres struck out swinging. Teahen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Betancourt singled to center. Torrealba singled to center, Betancourt to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to first, Torrealba out at second, Betancourt to third. Bloomquist hit sacrifice fly to center, Betancourt scored. Ibanez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Berroa struck out swinging. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Murphy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Sexson grounded out to third. Beltre flied out to right. Reed lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Brown lined out to right. DeJesus singled to right center. Sweeney grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, DeJesus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Morse singled to left. Betancourt singled to center, Morse to second. Camp pitching for Royals. Torrealba singled to right, Morse scored, Betancourt to third. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Betancourt scored, Torrealba out at second. Suzuki picked off first. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Stairs struck out looking. Ambres singled to left. Teahen lined out to right. Berroa singled to left, Ambres to second. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Camp pitching for Royals. Ibanez grounded out to second. Sexson homered to right. Beltre flied out to right. Reed walked. Morse struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Murphy fouled out to catcher. Brown flied out to center. DeJesus doubled to left center. Sweeney batting. Stairs singled to left, Sweeney to second. Ambres struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Camp pitching for Royals. Betancourt reached on infield single to third. Burgos pitching for Royals. Torrealba singled to left center, Betancourt to second. Suzuki doubled to deep left center, Betancourt and Torrealba scored. Suzuki to third on wild pitch by Burgos. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Ibanez struck out swinging. Sexson hit by pitch. Strong in right field. Beltre flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Teahen grounded out to second. Berroa lined out to second. McEwing at first base. Hocking at shortstop. Gobble pitching for Royals. Phillips flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Reed singled to right. Morse grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reed out at second. Hansen at first base. Spiezio at third base. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Betancourt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Murphy grounded out to first. Brown flied out to center. MacDougal pitching for Royals. DeJesus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Torrealba walked. Strong grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Torrealba out at second. Bloomquist walked, Strong to second. Strong to third, Bloomquist to second on passed ball by Phillips. Ibanez reached on infield single to first. Hansen grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Strong scored, Bloomquist to third, Ibanez safe at second on error by pitcher MacDougal. Thornton in left field. Thornton pitching for Mariners. Morse in left field. Spiezio grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hansen out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 9th. Thornton pitching for Mariners. Sweeney walked. McEwing walked, Sweeney to second. Ambres grounded into double play, third to second to first, McEwing out at second, Sweeney to third. Teahen walked. Hocking walked, Teahen to second. Phillips homered to left, Sweeney, Teahen and Hocking scored. Murphy struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 5 - Mariners 11.	Royal pains: Skid reaches 18 as Mariners complete sweep