Royals - Top 1st. Wright pitching for Yankees. DeJesus walked. Hocking singled to left center, DeJesus to second. Sweeney flied out to center. Long grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hocking out at second, DeJesus to third. Brown popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Howell pitching for Royals. Jeter walked. Matsui doubled to deep right center, Jeter scored. Sheffield grounded out to third. Matsui to third on wild pitch by Howell. Rodriguez walked. Giambi hit sacrifice fly to center, Matsui scored. Williams fouled out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Wright pitching for Yankees. Guiel grounded out to second. Berroa struck out swinging. Teahen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Howell pitching for Royals. Posada grounded out to second. Lawton walked. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lawton out at second. Cano caught stealing second, catcher to second. Jeter batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Wright pitching for Yankees. Phillips popped out to second. DeJesus singled to center. Hocking flied out to left. Sweeney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Howell pitching for Royals. Jeter walked. Matsui singled to right, Jeter to third. Sheffield grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jeter scored, Matsui out at second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Wright pitching for Yankees. Long grounded out to pitcher. Brown struck out swinging. Guiel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Howell pitching for Royals. Giambi grounded out to first. Williams flied out to left. Posada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Wright pitching for Yankees. Berroa singled to center. Teahen flied out to right. Phillips reached on infield single to second, Berroa to second. DeJesus walked, Berroa to third, Phillips to second. Hocking popped out to second. Sweeney doubled to left, Berroa and Phillips scored, DeJesus to third. Long singled to right, DeJesus and Sweeney scored. Brown singled to center, Long to third. Long scored, Brown to second on wild pitch by Wright. Guiel lined out to first. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Howell pitching for Royals. Lawton flied out to center. Cano struck out swinging. Small pitching for Yankees. Jeter flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Small pitching for Yankees. Berroa reached on infield single to shortstop. Teahen struck out swinging. Phillips flied out to left. Berroa caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. DeJesus batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Howell pitching for Royals. Matsui flied out to center. Sheffield singled to center. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sheffield out at second. Giambi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Small pitching for Yankees. DeJesus singled to center. Hocking grounded out to pitcher, DeJesus to second. Sweeney singled to left center, DeJesus scored. Long lined out to shortstop, Sweeney tagged out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Howell pitching for Royals. Williams singled to right. Sisco pitching for Royals. Posada flied out to center. Lawton struck out swinging. Cano struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Small pitching for Yankees. Brown struck out looking. Guiel reached on infield single to third. Berroa struck out swinging. Teahen walked, Guiel to second. Embree pitching for Yankees. Phillips singled to left, Guiel scored, Teahen to second. Burgos pitching for Royals. DeJesus grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Burgos pitching for Royals. Jeter walked. Matsui flied out to left. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jeter out at second, Sheffield to second on throwing error by second baseman Hocking. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 9th. Embree pitching for Yankees. Hocking struck out looking. Sweeney grounded out to second. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Long popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Giambi walked. Williams struck out swinging. Posada grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Giambi safe at second on error by pitcher Affeldt. Martinez hit for Cano. Lawton singled to left, Giambi to third, Posada to second. Camp pitching for Royals. Womack ran for Martinez. Martinez singled to right, Giambi scored, Posada to third, Lawton to second. Jeter singled to left, Posada and Lawton scored, Womack to second. Matsui flied out to center, Womack to third. Sheffield doubled to right, Womack scored, Jeter to third. Rodriguez singled to left, Jeter scored, Sheffield to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Royals 7 - Yankees 8.	Yanks rally for five in ninth, win