Royals - Top 1st. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Guiel doubled to right. Long flied out to center. Brown hit by pitch. Stairs singled to left, Guiel scored, Brown to second, Brown thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Berroa grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Howell pitching for Royals. Johnson struck out swinging. Catalanotto grounded out to first. Wells flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Teahen grounded out to pitcher. Buck grounded out to third. Huber flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Howell pitching for Royals. Koskie popped out to third. Hill singled to center. Hinske singled to right, Hill to second. Rios flied out to right. Menechino fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. Guiel reached on infield single to first. Long homered to right, Guiel scored. Brown grounded out to third. Stairs doubled to deep right. Berroa grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Howell pitching for Royals. Quiroz grounded out to third. Johnson reached on infield single to second. Catalanotto grounded into double play, second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Teahen struck out swinging. Buck flied out to left. Huber popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Howell pitching for Royals. Wells grounded out to third. Koskie grounded out to shortstop. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Blanco flied out to center. Guiel hit by pitch. Long fouled out to right. Guiel stole second. Brown grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Howell pitching for Royals. Hinske grounded out to second. Rios struck out swinging. Menechino safe at first on error by shortstop Berroa. League pitching for Blue Jays. Quiroz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 6th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Stairs walked. Berroa lined out to third. Teahen singled to left, Stairs to second. Buck doubled to right, Stairs scored, Teahen to third, Teahen thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. Huber walked. Blanco singled to left center, Buck scored, Huber to second. Guiel grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Howell pitching for Royals. Johnson walked. Catalanotto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. Wells popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Long struck out swinging. Brown walked. Stairs singled to center, Brown to second. Berroa grounded into double play, third to second to first, Stairs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Howell pitching for Royals. Koskie struck out looking. Hill walked. Hinske grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hill safe at second on error by second baseman Blanco. Rios reached on infield single to third, Hill to third, Hinske to second. Burgos pitching for Royals. Menechino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hill scored, Hinske to third, Rios safe at second on error by shortstop Berroa. Quiroz singled to left, Hinske scored, Rios to third, Menechino to second. Johnson walked, Rios scored, Menechino to third, Quiroz to second. Catalanotto doubled to deep left, Menechino, Quiroz and Johnson scored. Wells grounded out to third, Catalanotto to third. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Koskie struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Teahen singled to right. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Buck singled to center, Teahen to third, Buck to second advancing on throw. Phillips ran for Buck. Huber hit sacrifice fly to center, Teahen scored, Phillips to third. Blanco singled to center, Phillips scored. Phillips catching. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Guiel grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Blanco out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Hill popped out to second. Hinske walked. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Rios grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hinske out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Long struck out looking. Brown struck out swinging. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Adams hit for Menechino. Stairs flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Griffin hit for Quiroz. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Adams flied out to left. Griffin grounded out to first. Johnson popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 7 - Blue Jays 6.	Royals give up six unearned runs, beat Blue Jays