Athletics - Top 1st. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp popped out to first. Barton flied out to left. Jackson singled to center. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Davis grounded out to second. Escobar grounded out to second. Lind grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Ellis flied out to right. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki doubled to left. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Hill lined out to third. Rivera walked. Encarnacion grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rivera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. LaRoche doubled to left. Crisp grounded out to second, LaRoche to third. Barton struck out swinging. Jackson doubled to left, LaRoche scored. Willingham singled to right, Jackson to third. Ellis doubled to left, Jackson scored, Willingham to third. DeJesus reached on infield single to shortstop, Willingham scored, Ellis to third. Suzuki grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Snider fouled out to third. Nix flied out to right. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Kouzmanoff doubled to left. LaRoche singled to center, Kouzmanoff scored. Crisp struck out swinging. Barton walked, LaRoche to second. Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson walked, LaRoche to third, Barton to second. Willingham hit sacrifice fly to center, LaRoche scored. Ellis lined out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Escobar singled to center. Lind reached on infield single to second, Escobar to third. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Escobar scored, Lind out at second. Hill stole second. Rivera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. DeJesus walked. Suzuki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, DeJesus out at second. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Encarnacion flied out to left. Snider fouled out to third. Nix singled to left center. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. LaRoche struck out swinging. Crisp popped out to second. Barton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Pennington at shortstop. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Davis doubled to left. Escobar reached on infield single to third, Davis to third. Lind hit sacrifice fly to third, Davis scored, Escobar to second. Hill singled to left center, Escobar scored. Rivera safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Kouzmanoff. Encarnacion doubled to left, Hill scored, Rivera to third. Snider grounded out to second, Rivera scored, Encarnacion to third. Nix flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Purcey pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Willingham struck out looking. Ellis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Molina lined out to right. Davis fouled out to first. Escobar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. DeJesus singled to center. Suzuki struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, DeJesus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Lind singled to center. Hill lined out to third. Rivera popped out to second. Encarnacion popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Rauch pitching for Blue Jays. Pennington flied out to center. Crisp doubled to deep right. Barton flied out to center. Jackson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Snider struck out swinging. Nix fouled out to first. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 10th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Willingham homered to left (406 feet). Ellis struck out swinging. DeJesus struck out looking. Suzuki hit by pitch. Kouzmanoff singled to right, Suzuki to third. Pennington struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 10th. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Davis singled to center. Escobar homered to right (369 feet), Davis scored. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 6 - Blue Jays 7.	Blue Jays win with homer in 10th