Tigers - Top 1st. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Rhymes grounded out to second. Raburn struck out swinging. Boesch singled to left. Cabrera lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Crisp grounded out to second. Barton reached on infield single to second. DeJesus singled to center, Barton to second. Willingham walked, Barton to third, DeJesus to second. Matsui grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Willingham out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Martinez flied out to left. Kelly grounded out to shortstop. Inge walked. Avila grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Ellis struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to center. LaRoche grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Santiago grounded out to second. Rhymes struck out swinging. Raburn popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Pennington popped out to shortstop. Crisp singled to right. Barton struck out looking, Crisp stole second. DeJesus singled to right center, Crisp scored. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Boesch grounded out to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Martinez singled to right. Kelly doubled to left, Martinez to third. Inge flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Matsui lined out to shortstop. Ellis grounded out to first. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Avila lined out to second. Santiago struck out looking. Rhymes reached on infield single to second. Raburn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. LaRoche flied out to right. Pennington singled to center. Pennington caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Crisp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Boesch singled to center. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Boesch out at second. Martinez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Barton doubled to right. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop, Barton to third. Willingham struck out swinging. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Kelly grounded out to first. Inge struck out swinging. Avila singled to right. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Santiago flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Ellis struck out looking. Suzuki singled to shallow left. LaRoche struck out swinging. Pennington flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Rhymes grounded out to shortstop. Raburn struck out swinging. Boesch flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Crisp flied out to center. Barton struck out swinging. DeJesus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Athletics. Cabrera homered to right (394 feet). Martinez lined out to shortstop. Wells hit for Kelly. Wells struck out swinging. Inge popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Wells in center field. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Willingham walked. Schlereth pitching for Tigers. Matsui popped out to second. Villarreal pitching for Tigers. Ellis lined into double play, to shortstop, Willingham doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 10th. Fuentes pitching for Athletics. Avila safe at first on error by first baseman Barton. Santiago sacrificed to third, Avila to second. Peralta hit for Rhymes. Peralta intentionally walked. Raburn walked, Peralta to second. Boesch doubled to deep right, Avila and Peralta scored, Raburn to third. Cabrera intentionally walked. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Martinez singled to right, Raburn scored, Boesch to third, Cabrera to second. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to third, Boesch and Cabrera scored on throwing error by third baseman LaRoche, Martinez safe at third on throwing error by third baseman LaRoche. Inge grounded out to third, Martinez scored, Wells to second. Avila singled to right, Wells scored. Santiago grounded out to first. 7 Runs, 3 Hits, 3 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 10th. Peralta at shortstop. Jackson in center field. Wells in right field. Santiago at second base. Villarreal pitching for Tigers. Suzuki singled to right. Sweeney hit for LaRoche. Sweeney singled to left, Suzuki to second. Pennington singled to left, Suzuki to third, Sweeney to second. Benoit pitching for Tigers. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to first, Suzuki scored, Pennington out at second, Sweeney to third. Crisp to second on fielder's indifference. Barton fouled out to first. DeJesus singled to center, Sweeney and Crisp scored. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to third, DeJesus out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 8 - Athletics 4.	Tigers rally to give Leyland milestone victory