Athletics - Top 1st. Fister pitching for Mariners. Crisp singled to center. Barton grounded out to shortstop, Crisp to second. DeJesus flied out to center. Willingham hit by pitch. Matsui singled to right, Crisp scored, Willingham to second. Ellis struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on bunt single to third. Suzuki stole second. Figgins sacrificed to third, Suzuki to third. Bradley grounded out to second, Suzuki scored. Olivo walked. Kennedy struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Fister pitching for Mariners. Powell struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff reached on infield single to shortstop. Kouzmanoff stole second. Pennington grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kouzmanoff out at third. Pennington to second on wild pitch by Fister. Crisp flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Ryan struck out swinging. Saunders bunt grounded out to third. Ja Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Fister pitching for Mariners. Barton flied out to left. DeJesus fouled out to third. Willingham hit by pitch. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Langerhans singled to center. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Langerhans out at second. Figgins grounded out to pitcher, Suzuki to second. Bradley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Fister pitching for Mariners. Ellis struck out swinging. Powell lined out to first. Kouzmanoff walked. Pennington flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Olivo struck out swinging. Kennedy grounded out to third. Ryan hit by pitch. Saunders grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Fister pitching for Mariners. Crisp tripled to deep right center. Barton grounded out to first. DeJesus fouled out to third. Willingham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Ja Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Langerhans singled to center. Suzuki singled to left, Langerhans to second. Figgins grounded out to third, Langerhans to third, Suzuki to second. Bradley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Fister pitching for Mariners. Matsui walked. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matsui out at second. Powell struck out looking. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Olivo flied out to center. Kennedy struck out swinging. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Laffey pitching for Mariners. Pennington reached on infield single to first. Crisp bunted into fielder's choice to first, Pennington out at second. Barton popped out to second. Jackson hit for DeJesus. Jackson singled to center, Crisp to third. Willingham doubled to left, Crisp and Jackson scored. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Jackson in right field. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Saunders reached on infield single to first. Ja Wilson safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Kouzmanoff, Saunders to third. Langerhans grounded out to first, Saunders scored, Ja Wilson to third. Suzuki flied out to center. Figgins struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 8th. Wright pitching for Mariners. Ellis struck out swinging. Powell lined out to shortstop. Kouzmanoff flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Bradley bunt grounded out to second. Olivo walked. Kennedy flied out to center. Ryan singled to right, Olivo to third. Fuentes pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez hit for Saunders. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Peguero in right field. Langerhans in center field. Wright pitching for Mariners. Pennington grounded out to second. Crisp singled to left. Crisp stole second. Barton singled to center, Crisp to third. League pitching for Mariners. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crisp scored, Barton safe at second on error by third baseman Figgins. Willingham singled to left, Barton scored, Jackson to second. Jackson to third, Willingham to second on wild pitch by League. Matsui intentionally walked. Ellis flied out to right. Powell flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Fuentes pitching for Athletics. Ja Wilson struck out swinging. Langerhans struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 5 - Mariners 2.	Crisp sparks A's as Anderson stymies Mariners