Twins - Top 1st. Ross pitching for Athletics. Span singled to center. Span to second on passed ball by Suzuki. Plouffe grounded out to third. Purcey pitching for Athletics. Kubel singled to right, Span scored. Morneau flied out to left. Cuddyer reached on infield single to shortstop, Kubel to second. Valencia lined out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Crisp singled to center. Crisp caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Barton grounded out to second. Sweeney flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Purcey pitching for Athletics. Young grounded out to shortstop. Rivera homered to left (390 feet). Casilla struck out looking. Span singled to left. Plouffe fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Matsui grounded out to second. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Purcey pitching for Athletics. Kubel struck out swinging. Morneau flied out to center. Cuddyer grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Ellis grounded out to third. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. Pennington singled to right, Pennington to second on error by right fielder Kubel. Crisp lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 4th. Purcey pitching for Athletics. Valencia lined out to second. Young fouled out to first. Rivera walked. Casilla walked, Rivera to second. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Span struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Barton lined out to first. Sweeney walked. Matsui grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sweeney out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics. Plouffe fouled out to first. Kubel singled to center. Morneau homered to right (388 feet), Kubel scored. Cuddyer singled to center. Valencia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cuddyer out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus grounded out to second. Ellis singled to center, Ellis to second on error by center fielder Span. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 6th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics. Young lined out to right. Rivera popped out to second. Casilla grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Pennington lined out to left. Crisp flied out to left. Barton singled to left. Sweeney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Magnuson pitching for Athletics. Span grounded out to pitcher. Plouffe struck out swinging. Kubel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Matsui walked. Suzuki struck out swinging. DeJesus singled to right, Matsui to third. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Matsui scored, DeJesus out at second. Kouzmanoff flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Magnuson pitching for Athletics. Morneau doubled to deep right center. Morneau to third on wild pitch by Magnuson. Cuddyer singled to right, Morneau scored. Valencia doubled to deep right, Cuddyer scored. Young fouled out to first. Rivera singled to center, Valencia to third. Casilla grounded into fielder's choice to second, Valencia scored, Rivera out at second. Span walked, Casilla to second. Plouffe homered to left (378 feet), Casilla and Span scored. Kubel grounded out to first. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Dumatrait pitching for Twins. Pennington lined out to left. Crisp safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Valencia. Jackson hit for Barton. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Crisp out at second. Sweeney flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 9th. Jackson at first base. Powell catching. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. LaRoche at shortstop. Morneau singled to center. Revere ran for Morneau. Hughes hit for Cuddyer. Hughes grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Revere out at second. Valencia singled to right, Hughes to third. Young singled to left, Hughes scored, Valencia to second. Rivera struck out swinging. Casilla grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Hughes at first base. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Matsui grounded out to first. Powell doubled to deep right center. DeJesus flied out to left. Ellis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 11 - Athletics 1.	Morneau lifts Twins past A's