Athletics - Top 1st. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Crisp fouled out to third. DeJesus singled to left. Willingham singled to left, DeJesus to third. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeJesus scored, Willingham out at second. Suzuki singled to left, Matsui to second. Barton singled to right, Matsui scored, Suzuki to third, Barton to second advancing on throw. Ellis singled to center, Suzuki and Barton scored. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Outman pitching for Athletics. Ellsbury singled to center. Pedroia flied out to left. Ellsbury stole second. Ellsbury to third on wild pitch by Outman. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Ellsbury scored. Youkilis doubled to left. Ortiz singled to left, Youkilis scored. Lowrie popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Pennington struck out swinging. Crisp struck out looking. DeJesus walked. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to third, DeJesus out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Outman pitching for Athletics. Crawford flied out to right. Cameron safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Kouzmanoff. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging, Saltalamacchia safe at first on passed ball by Suzuki, Cameron to third on passed ball. Ellsbury hit sacrifice fly to left, Cameron scored. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Saltalamacchia out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Matsui struck out looking. Suzuki flied out to right. Barton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Outman pitching for Athletics. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Youkilis walked. Ortiz doubled to left, Youkilis scored. Lowrie singled to center, Ortiz scored. Crawford popped out to shortstop. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Cameron struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Ellis flied out to center. Kouzmanoff singled to center. Kouzmanoff to third on wild pitch by Buchholz. Pennington walked. Crisp grounded out to first, Kouzmanoff scored, Pennington to second. DeJesus struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Ellsbury fouled out to third. Pedroia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Willingham doubled to left. Matsui lined out to center, Willingham to third. Suzuki fouled out to catcher. Barton singled to right, Willingham scored. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Barton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Gonzalez singled to center. Youkilis singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Ortiz struck out swinging. Lowrie fouled out to first. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to first, Youkilis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. Crisp singled to right. Hottovy pitching for Red Sox. Crisp stole second. DeJesus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Drew hit for Cameron. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Drew safe at first on error by first baseman Barton. Saltalamacchia grounded into double play, third to second to first, Drew out at second. Ellsbury fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 7th. Drew in right field. Jenks pitching for Red Sox. Willingham doubled to left. Matsui struck out swinging. Willingham to third on balk by Jenks. Suzuki walked. Barton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Devine pitching for Athletics. Pedroia grounded out to third. Gonzalez doubled to left center. Youkilis hit by pitch. Ortiz walked, Gonzalez to third, Youkilis to second. Lowrie flied out to left. Fuentes pitching for Athletics. Crawford singled to center, Gonzalez and Youkilis scored, Ortiz to third. Drew grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Ellis flied out to right. Sweeney hit for Kouzmanoff. Sweeney grounded out to first. Pennington singled to right center. Crisp flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. LaRoche at third base. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Saltalamacchia homered to right center (421 feet). Ellsbury fouled out to shortstop. Pedroia grounded out to third. Gonzalez singled to right. Youkilis grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. DeJesus flied out to right. Willingham struck out swinging. Matsui popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 6 - Red Sox 8.	Red Sox rally to outlast A's, stop skid