Athletics - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. Jackson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Pierre popped out to shortstop. Ramirez lined out to shortstop. Quentin fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Willingham flied out to center. Suzuki singled to center. Matsui singled to right, Suzuki to third. Rosales singled to center, Suzuki scored, Matsui to second. DeJesus flied out to center. Weeks grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Konerko grounded out to second. Pierzynski walked. Rios singled to left center, Pierzynski to second. Dunn hit by pitch, Pierzynski to third, Rios to second. Vizquel hit sacrifice fly to right, Pierzynski scored. Beckham reached on infield single to third, Rios to third, Dunn to second. Pierre walked, Rios scored, Dunn to third, Beckham to second. Ramirez reached on infield single to pitcher, Dunn scored, Beckham to third, Pierre to second. Quentin struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Crisp walked. Crisp caught stealing second, to first. Pennington reached on infield single to second. Jackson lined out to center. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pennington out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski singled to center. Rios flied out to center. Dunn homered to left (372 feet), Pierzynski scored. Vizquel reached on infield single to pitcher. Beckham singled to center, Vizquel to second. Pierre reached on infield single to catcher, Vizquel to third, Beckham to second. Ramirez walked, Vizquel scored, Beckham to third, Pierre to second. Cramer pitching for Athletics. Quentin flied out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Suzuki grounded out to third. Matsui struck out swinging. Rosales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Cramer pitching for Athletics. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. DeJesus struck out swinging. Weeks grounded out to pitcher. Crisp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Cramer pitching for Athletics. Dunn struck out looking. Vizquel struck out looking. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Pennington flied out to left. Jackson flied out to center. Willingham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Cramer pitching for Athletics. Pierre lined out to center. Ramirez popped out to first. Quentin singled to center. Konerko singled to left, Quentin to second. Pierzynski flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Suzuki singled to center. Matsui homered to right (371 feet), Suzuki scored. Rosales grounded out to pitcher. DeJesus singled to center. Weeks flied out to right. Crisp grounded out to catcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Cramer pitching for Athletics. Rios singled to center. Dunn flied out to right. Vizquel singled to left, Rios to second. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Rios caught stealing third, catcher to third. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Crain pitching for White Sox. Pennington walked. Jackson flied out to center. Willingham struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Fuentes pitching for Athletics. Pierre reached on bunt single to third. Ramirez singled to left, Pierre to third. Quentin hit sacrifice fly to center, Pierre scored. Konerko homered to left (357 feet), Ramirez scored. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Rios struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Lillibridge in right field. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Matsui struck out looking. Rosales flied out to center. DeJesus singled to left. DeJesus to second on wild pitch by Ohman. Weeks singled to center, DeJesus scored. Weeks to second on fielder's indifference. Crisp struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 4 - White Sox 9.	White Sox keep A's skidding in Melvin debut