Rays - Top 1st. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Jennings fouled out to first. Damon popped out to shortstop. Zobrist homered to right (383 feet). Longoria walked. Joyce grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Weeks flied out to left. Crisp flied out to center. Matsui walked. Willingham walked, Matsui to second. DeJesus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Upton grounded out to third. Kotchman singled to left. Shoppach grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kotchman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Jackson singled to left. Sizemore struck out swinging. Suzuki struck out swinging. Pennington homered to right (378 feet), Jackson scored. Weeks fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez singled to center. Jennings doubled to deep left, Rodriguez scored. Damon grounded out to third, Jennings to third. Zobrist walked. Longoria walked, Zobrist to second. Joyce flied out to right. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Longoria out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Crisp fouled out to left. Matsui flied out to right. Willingham singled to left. DeJesus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Kotchman grounded out to first. Shoppach reached on infield single to third, Shoppach to second on throwing error by third baseman Sizemore. Rodriguez flied out to left. Jennings flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Jackson flied out to right. Sizemore fouled out to first. Suzuki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Damon doubled to left. Zobrist flied out to right, Damon to third. Longoria walked. Joyce grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Damon scored, Longoria out at second, Joyce to second on throwing error by second baseman Weeks. Upton tripled to deep center, Joyce scored. Kotchman lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Pennington walked. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pennington out at second. Crisp walked, Weeks to second. Matsui grounded out to shortstop, Weeks to third, Crisp to second. Willingham grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Shoppach homered to left (382 feet). Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Jennings singled to left. Jennings stole second. Jennings out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Damon struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Hellickson pitching for Rays. DeJesus doubled to deep right. Gomes pitching for Rays. Jackson grounded out to first, DeJesus to third. Sizemore hit sacrifice fly to left, DeJesus scored. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Pennington singled to left, Suzuki to second. Howell pitching for Rays. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pennington out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Zobrist doubled to deep right. Longoria struck out swinging, Zobrist stole third. Fuentes pitching for Athletics. Joyce struck out swinging. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Howell pitching for Rays. Crisp grounded out to third. Matsui singled to center. Willingham walked, Matsui to second. DeJesus singled to right, Matsui scored, Willingham to third. Peralta pitching for Rays. Jackson doubled to deep left center, Willingham and DeJesus scored. Sizemore fouled out to first, Jackson to third. Suzuki flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Kotchman flied out to left. Fuld hit for Shoppach. Fuld flied out to left. Johnson hit for Rodriguez. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Chirinos catching. Johnson at shortstop. Ramos pitching for Rays. Pennington walked. Weeks popped out to shortstop. Crisp doubled to deep center, Pennington scored. Matsui grounded out to first, Crisp to third. Willingham intentionally walked. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Sweeney in left field. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Jennings struck out swinging. Damon grounded out to shortstop. Zobrist doubled to deep right. Longoria walked. Joyce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 5 - Athletics 7.	A's rally back from down three runs to dim Rays