Athletics - Top 1st. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Weeks fouled out to first. Crisp fouled out to right. Matsui flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Suzuki flied out to left. Ryan singled to left. Ackley singled to right center, Ryan to third. Carp grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ackley out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Willingham grounded out to third. Jackson struck out swinging. Sizemore flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Wells struck out swinging. Gutierrez grounded out to third. Bard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Rosales popped out to third. Sweeney struck out swinging. Powell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Ja Wilson singled to left. Ja Wilson caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Halman struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to right. Ryan walked, Suzuki to second. Ackley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Weeks struck out swinging. Crisp grounded out to third. Matsui grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Carp reached on infield single to shortstop. Wells walked, Carp to second. Gutierrez sacrificed to pitcher, Carp to third, Wells to second. Bard singled to center, Carp and Wells scored. Ja Wilson struck out swinging. Halman struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Willingham popped out to first. Jackson doubled to deep left. Sizemore doubled to left, Jackson scored. Rosales flied out to center, Sizemore thrown out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to left. Ryan reached on bunt single to pitcher, Suzuki to second. Ackley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ryan out at second, Suzuki to third. Carp grounded out to third, Suzuki scored, Ackley to second. Wells singled to left, Ackley scored. Wells stole second. Gutierrez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Lueke pitching for Mariners. Sweeney flied out to left. Powell singled to right. Weeks struck out swinging. Crisp flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Bard walked. Ja Wilson fouled out to catcher. Halman struck out swinging. Suzuki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Lueke pitching for Mariners. Matsui walked. Willingham flied out to center. Jackson singled to center, Matsui to second. Wright pitching for Mariners. Sizemore walked, Matsui to third, Jackson to second. Rosales grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sizemore out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Ryan walked. Ackley lined out to second. Carp singled to center, Ryan to third. Magnuson pitching for Athletics. Wells singled to right, Ryan scored, Carp to third. Gutierrez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Carp scored, Wells safe at second on error by third baseman Sizemore. Bard flied out to left. Ja Wilson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 8th. Wright pitching for Mariners. Sweeney lined out to left. Powell struck out swinging. Weeks grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Norberto pitching for Athletics. Halman grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Ryan lined out to second. Ackley singled to center, Suzuki to second. Carp singled to left center, Suzuki scored, Ackley to second. Wells struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Gray pitching for Mariners. Crisp singled to right. Matsui singled to right, Crisp to second. Willingham homered to left center (416 feet), Crisp and Matsui scored. Cortes pitching for Mariners. Jackson popped out to second. Sizemore walked. League pitching for Mariners. Rosales popped out to second. Sizemore to second on fielder's indifference. Sweeney grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 4 - Mariners 7.	Furbush helps M's sweep up A's in Seattle debut