Athletics - Top 1st. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Weeks singled to left. Weeks caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Pennington flied out to left. Matsui flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Kinsler grounded out to third. Andrus struck out swinging. Hamilton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Willingham singled to center. DeJesus sacrificed to third, Willingham to second, DeJesus safe at first on throwing error by catcher Torrealba. Willingham to third on throwing error by catcher Torrealba. Sweeney tripled to deep right, Willingham and DeJesus scored. Allen struck out looking. Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to center, Sweeney scored. Sogard lined out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Young struck out swinging. Beltre singled to center. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Beltre out at second. Torrealba grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Weeks struck out swinging. Pennington popped out to shortstop. Matsui doubled to deep left. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Moreland grounded out to pitcher. Chavez grounded out to second. Kinsler singled to center. Andrus doubled to left, Kinsler to third. Kinsler scored, Andrus to third on wild pitch by Cahill. Hamilton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney walked. Allen flied out to center. Suzuki singled to left center, Sweeney to second. Sogard grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Young flied out to center. Beltre reached on infield single to third. Murphy flied out to left. Torrealba walked, Beltre to second. Moreland doubled to deep right, Beltre and Torrealba scored. Chavez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Pennington grounded out to second. Matsui fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Kinsler walked. Andrus grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kinsler out at second. Hamilton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Willingham hit by pitch. DeJesus singled to right, Willingham to second. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Sweeney bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Willingham out at third, DeJesus to second. Allen fouled out to third. Suzuki walked, DeJesus to third, Sweeney to second. Sizemore hit for Sogard. Tateyama pitching for Rangers. Sizemore homered to left (417 feet), DeJesus, Sweeney and Suzuki scored. Weeks singled to right. Pennington doubled to deep right center, Weeks scored. Hamburger pitching for Rangers. Matsui flied out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Sizemore at third base. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Young singled to left. Beltre homered to right (381 feet), Young scored. Fuentes pitching for Athletics. Murphy singled to right. Torrealba flied out to right. Moreland grounded out to shortstop, Murphy to second. Gentry hit for Chavez. Murphy to third on passed ball by Suzuki. Gentry lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Gentry in center field. Oliver pitching for Rangers. Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop. DeJesus grounded into fielder's choice to second, Willingham out at second. Sweeney singled to center, DeJesus to second. Allen struck out swinging. Suzuki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. De Los Santos pitching for Athletics. Kinsler doubled to deep left. Kinsler to third on wild pitch by De Los Santos. Andrus walked. Andrus to second on wild pitch by De Los Santos. Hamilton struck out looking. Young singled to center, Kinsler and Andrus scored. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Beltre flied out to center. Murphy grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Adams pitching for Rangers. Sizemore struck out looking. Weeks struck out looking. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Rosales at second base. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Torrealba singled to right. German ran for Torrealba. Moreland lined into double play, to first, German doubled off first. Napoli hit for Gentry. Napoli grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Martin in center field. Napoli catching. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Matsui fouled out to catcher. Willingham struck out swinging. DeJesus walked. DeJesus stole second. Sweeney lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Kinsler fouled out to third. Andrus struck out swinging. Hamilton walked. Young reached on infield single to shortstop, Hamilton to second. Beltre lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 8 - Rangers 7.	Rangers lose after A's pinch-hit slam