Rockies - Top 1st. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. LeMahieu lined out to left. Story grounded out to shortstop. González grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Fowler struck out looking. Heyward walked. Zobrist flied out to center. Rizzo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Arenado reached on infield single to third. Parra struck out swinging. Raburn singled to center, Arenado to third, Raburn to second advancing on throw. Paulsen singled to shallow center, Arenado scored, Raburn to third. Wolters lined out to shortstop. Bettis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Bryant singled to right. Soler flied out to right. Montero struck out swinging. Bryant caught stealing second, catcher to second. Russell batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. LeMahieu grounded out to third. Story struck out swinging. González grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Russell grounded out to third. Hendricks struck out looking. Fowler walked. Heyward popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Parra grounded out to second. Raburn singled to right. Paulsen lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Zobrist lined out to first. Rizzo flied out to center. Bryant flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Wolters struck out swinging. Bettis safe at first on error by third baseman Bryant. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Story popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Soler walked. Montero flied out to center. Russell reached on infield single to pitcher, Soler to second, Soler to third on throwing error by pitcher Bettis. Hendricks bunted into fielder's choice to first, Soler out at home, Russell to second. Fowler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 6th. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. González singled to left. Arenado reached on bunt single to pitcher, González to second. Parra singled to center, González scored, Arenado to third. Raburn grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arenado scored, Parra out at second. Paulsen struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Heyward struck out looking. Zobrist grounded out to second. Rizzo reached on infield single to first. Bryant grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rizzo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Wolters singled to left. Barnes hit for Bettis. Cahill pitching for Cubs. Barnes reached on bunt single to third, Wolters to third, Wolters scored, Barnes to second on throwing error by third baseman Bryant. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Barnes to third on passed ball by Montero. Story grounded out to third. González intentionally walked. Arenado grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Qualls pitching for Rockies. Parra in left field. Barnes in center field. Soler singled to left center. Montero walked, Soler to second. Russell flied out to center, Soler to third. La Stella hit for Cahill. La Stella grounded into fielder's choice to first, Soler scored, Montero out at second. Fowler grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Richard pitching for Cubs. Parra reached on infield single to shortstop, Parra to second on throwing error by shortstop Russell. Adames hit for Qualls. Parra stole third. Adames struck out swinging. Reynolds hit for Paulsen. Reynolds intentionally walked. Reynolds to second on wild pitch by Richard. Wolters safe at first on error by first baseman Rizzo, Parra scored, Reynolds to third. Ramirez pitching for Cubs. Wolters stole second. Barnes walked. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds scored, Barnes out at second, Wolters to third. LeMahieu stole second. Story struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Logan pitching for Rockies. Adames at shortstop. Reynolds at first base. Heyward grounded out to pitcher. Zobrist grounded out to pitcher. Rizzo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Ramirez pitching for Cubs. González singled to left. Arenado fouled out to first. Parra grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first to shortstop, González out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Miller pitching for Rockies. Bryant struck out looking. Soler struck out looking. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 6 - Cubs 1.	Bettis, Rockies hand mistake-prone Cubs their 2nd loss, 6-1