Dodgers - Top 1st. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Utley grounded out to third. Seager grounded out to second. Puig walked. Gonzalez walked, Puig to second. Grandal walked, Puig to third, Gonzalez to second. Kendrick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Barnes struck out swinging. Story struck out swinging. González grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Pederson walked. Thompson doubled to deep right, Pederson to third. Wood grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pederson scored, Thompson out at third. Utley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wood safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Story. Seager walked, Wood to third, Utley to second. Puig doubled to left, Wood and Utley scored, Seager to third. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop, Seager scored, Puig to third. Grandal flied out to center. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Arenado walked. Arenado to second on wild pitch by Wood. Reynolds grounded out to third. Parra singled to center, Arenado scored. LeMahieu popped out to second. Garneau flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Kendrick grounded out to second. Pederson homered to right (393 feet). Thompson fouled out to first. Wood singled to deep right. Utley singled to center, Wood to second. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Seager tripled to deep right center, Wood and Utley scored. Puig grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Rusin struck out looking. Barnes grounded out to pitcher. Story grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez walked. Grandal grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. Kendrick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. González reached on infield single to second. Arenado flied out to center. Reynolds struck out looking. Parra doubled to deep left, González scored. LeMahieu walked. Garneau singled to right center, Parra scored, LeMahieu to third. Rusin reached on bunt single to third, LeMahieu scored, Garneau to second. Barnes lined out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Pederson walked. Thompson struck out looking. Wood sacrificed to catcher, Pederson to second. Utley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Story flied out to right. González grounded out to shortstop. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Seager grounded out to second. Puig grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Reynolds walked. Reynolds to second on wild pitch by Wood. Parra reached on infield single to first, Reynolds to third. Báez pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu sacrificed to catcher, Reynolds scored, Parra to second, LeMahieu safe at first on error by pitcher Báez. Parra stole third. LeMahieu stole second. Garneau walked. Paulsen hit for Rusin. Paulsen struck out swinging. Barnes flied out to right. Story flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Rockies. Grandal struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded out to first. Pederson walked. Thompson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. González popped out to shortstop. Arenado walked. Reynolds singled to right, Arenado to second. Parra lined out to left. LeMahieu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Turner hit for Liberatore. Miller pitching for Rockies. Turner walked. Logan pitching for Rockies. Utley struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. Puig flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Garneau doubled to deep left. Raburn hit for Logan. Raburn singled to center, Garneau scored. Adames ran for Raburn. Barnes sacrificed to third, Adames to second. Story walked. Avilán pitching for Dodgers. González singled to right, Adames scored, Story to second, Story scored, González to third on error by right fielder Puig. Arenado intentionally walked. Reynolds walked, Arenado to second. Parra singled to center, González and Arenado scored, Reynolds to second. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Parra out at second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 9th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez singled to right. Grandal grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. Kendrick singled to right, Grandal to third. Hernández hit for Pederson. Hernández walked, Kendrick to second. Thompson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Grandal scored, Hernández out at second, Kendrick to third. Ellis hit for Blanton. Ellis singled to center, Kendrick scored, Thompson to third. Culberson ran for Ellis. Thompson scored, Culberson to second on wild pitch by McGee. Utley doubled to deep right, Culberson scored. Seager doubled to deep left center, Utley scored. Qualls pitching for Rockies. Wolters at second base. Puig flied out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Hernández in left field. Thompson in center field. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Garneau walked. Wolters struck out swinging. Barnes flied out to center. Garneau to second on fielder's indifference. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 12 - Rockies 10.	Utley's RBI double lifts Dodgers to 12-10 win over Rockies