Rockies - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon struck out swinging. Story struck out swinging. González singled to left. Arenado singled to left, González to second. Parra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Segura struck out swinging. Drury struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds doubled to deep right center. Hundley walked. LeMahieu grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Hundley out at second, Reynolds to third. Rusin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Tomás walked. Castillo struck out looking. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tomás out at second. Owings walked, Peralta to second, Peralta to third on passed ball. Owings batting. Greinke grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Owings out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon singled to left. Story doubled to deep center, Blackmon scored. González struck out swinging. Arenado struck out swinging. Parra singled to left, Story scored, Parra to second advancing on throw. Parra caught stealing third, pitcher to third. Reynolds batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Ahmed grounded out to second. Segura grounded out to second. Drury grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds popped out to second. Hundley grounded out to third. LeMahieu doubled to center. Rusin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt singled to left. Tomás lined out to center. Castillo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon struck out swinging. Story struck out swinging. González singled to right center. Arenado walked, González to second. Parra lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Owings walked. Greinke struck out looking. Ahmed struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds struck out looking. Hundley grounded out to first. LeMahieu flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Segura singled to center. Drury homered to left (409 feet), Segura scored. Goldschmidt lined out to first. Tomás popped out to second. Castillo flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Adames hit for Estevez. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Adames grounded out to first. Blackmon grounded out to first. Story lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Germen pitching for Rockies. Peralta lined out to center. Owings flied out to center. Lamb hit for Greinke. Lamb flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. González singled to right. Arenado struck out looking. Parra flied out to center. Reynolds walked. Hundley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Qualls pitching for Rockies. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Drury grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Paulsen hit for Qualls. Paulsen singled to right. Blackmon singled to left, Paulsen to second. Story tripled to right, Paulsen and Blackmon scored. González intentionally walked. Arenado singled to shallow left center, Story scored, González to second. Curtis pitching for Diamondbacks. Parra grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arenado out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt singled to center. Tomás grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Goldschmidt out at second. Castillo doubled to deep center. Peralta grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 5 - Diamondbacks 2.	Story drives in three in Rockies' win over Diamondbacks