Rockies - Top 1st. Cain pitching for Giants. Blackmon lined out to shortstop. Story flied out to center. González singled to center. Arenado homered to left (373 feet), González scored. Parra doubled to left. Reynolds reached on infield single to third, Parra scored. Wolters flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Span doubled to right. Duffy singled to right, Span to third. Posey doubled to deep left, Span and Duffy scored. Belt lined out to center. Crawford grounded out to second, Posey to third. Williamson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Cain pitching for Giants. Rusin grounded out to second. LeMahieu doubled to deep right. Blackmon sacrificed to catcher, LeMahieu to third. Story singled to right center, LeMahieu scored. González popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Tomlinson grounded out to third. Blanco reached on infield single to second. Cain sacrificed to pitcher, Blanco to second. Blanco to third on wild pitch by Rusin. Span doubled to deep right, Blanco scored. Duffy grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Cain pitching for Giants. Arenado grounded out to third. Parra lined out to shortstop. Reynolds flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Posey singled to center. Belt singled to right, Posey to second. Crawford singled to right, Posey thrown out at home, Belt to second. Williamson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Cain pitching for Giants. Wolters grounded out to shortstop. Rusin grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu singled to center. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Tomlinson doubled to left. Blanco grounded out to shortstop, Tomlinson to third. Cain struck out swinging. Span struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Cain pitching for Giants. Story homered to left (399 feet). González doubled to left. Arenado safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Crawford, González to third. Parra singled to center, González scored, Arenado to second. Mazzaro pitching for Giants. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to second, Arenado to third, Parra safe at second on error by second baseman Tomlinson. Wolters doubled to deep right, Arenado and Parra scored, Reynolds to third. Rusin grounded out to second. LeMahieu singled to right, Reynolds scored, Wolters to third. Blackmon doubled to center, Wolters scored, LeMahieu to third. Story singled to left, LeMahieu scored, Blackmon to third. González walked, Story to second. Arenado hit by pitch, Blackmon scored, Story to third, González to second. Parra singled to center, Story and González scored, Arenado to second. Reynolds doubled to deep left, Arenado scored, Parra to third. Law pitching for Giants. Wolters struck out swinging. Rusin singled to right center, Parra and Reynolds scored. LeMahieu grounded out to second. 13 Runs, 10 Hits, 2 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Duffy reached on infield single to third. Duffy to second on wild pitch by Rusin. Posey walked. Duffy to third, Posey to second on passed ball by Wolters. Belt struck out swinging. Crawford singled to right, Duffy scored, Posey to third. Williamson singled to right, Posey scored, Crawford to second. Crawford to third, Williamson to second on wild pitch by Rusin. Tomlinson walked. Blanco singled to left, Crawford and Williamson scored, Tomlinson to second. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Law grounded out to second, Tomlinson to third, Blanco to second. Span grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Brown catching. Law pitching for Giants. Blackmon grounded out to second. Story struck out swinging. González grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Duffy doubled to deep left center. Brown grounded out to shortstop. Belt lined out to third. Crawford struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Law pitching for Giants. Arenado lined out to left. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Williamson flied out to center. Tomlinson grounded out to third. Blanco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Wolters grounded out to third. Bergman grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Adames at third base. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Gillaspie hit for Gearrin. Gillaspie singled to left. Span singled to left center, Gillaspie to second. Duffy flied out to right. Brown flied out to center. Belt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Strickland pitching for Giants. Gillaspie at first base. Blackmon flied out to center. Story grounded out to second. Paulsen hit for González. Paulsen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Paulsen in left field. Parra in right field. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Crawford flied out to left. Williamson flied out to right. Tomlinson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 17 - Giants 7.	Rockies score 13 in fifth to set franchise record