Pirates - Top 1st. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Jaso singled to center. McCutchen lined out to center. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jaso out at second, Polanco to second on throwing error by shortstop Story. Marte singled to deep right, Polanco scored, Marte to second on error by right fielder Parra. Freese struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Locke pitching for Pirates. Blackmon singled to left. LeMahieu doubled to deep center, Blackmon scored. Arenado singled to left center, LeMahieu to third. Raburn tripled to deep center, LeMahieu and Arenado scored. Story struck out swinging. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop, Raburn scored. Parra grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Harrison singled to center. Mercer flied out to center. Stewart hit by pitch, Harrison to second. Locke struck out looking. Jaso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Locke pitching for Pirates. Garneau doubled to left. Bettis sacrificed to first, Garneau to third. Blackmon popped out to shortstop. LeMahieu walked. Arenado doubled to left, Garneau and LeMahieu scored. Raburn popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. McCutchen singled to center. Polanco struck out looking. Marte hit by pitch, McCutchen to second. Freese homered to right (388 feet), McCutchen and Marte scored. Harrison doubled to deep right. Mercer grounded out to shortstop. Stewart singled to left, Harrison scored, Stewart to second on error by left fielder Raburn. Locke grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Locke pitching for Pirates. Story flied out to right. Reynolds struck out swinging. Parra reached on infield single to second. Garneau lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Jaso grounded out to first. McCutchen struck out swinging. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Locke pitching for Pirates. De La Rosa walked. Blackmon lined out to center. LeMahieu homered to left center (420 feet), De La Rosa scored. Arenado flied out to right. Raburn grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Marte grounded out to third. Freese struck out swinging. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Locke pitching for Pirates. Story singled to left. Reynolds flied out to center. Parra singled to center, Story to second. Story to third, Parra to second on wild pitch by Locke. Garneau walked. De La Rosa sacrificed to pitcher, Story scored, Parra to third, Garneau to second. Blackmon singled to right, Parra and Garneau scored. Lobstein pitching for Pirates. Rodriguez at second base. LeMahieu walked, Blackmon to second. Arenado flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Mercer struck out swinging. Stewart grounded out to third. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Lobstein pitching for Pirates. Raburn flied out to right. Story doubled to left. Reynolds grounded out to first, Story to third. Parra lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Jaso flied out to center. McCutchen lined out to shortstop. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Figueroa at second base. Joyce in right field. Rodriguez in center field. Lobstein pitching for Pirates. Garneau singled to deep right. Adames hit for De La Rosa. Adames grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Garneau out at second. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Adames out at second. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Rockies. Adames at second base. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Freese walked. Kang hit for Lobstein. Kang struck out swinging. Mercer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freese out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Luebke pitching for Pirates. Arenado singled to center. Descalso ran for Arenado. Raburn struck out looking. Story struck out swinging. Reynolds walked, Descalso to second. Parra lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Qualls pitching for Rockies. Descalso at third base. Stewart struck out looking. Rodriguez struck out looking. Jaso flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 5 - Rockies 11.	LeMahieu, De La Rosa lead Rockies to 11-5 win over Pirates