Rockies - Top 1st. Nova pitching for Yankees. Blackmon homered to right (386 feet). LeMahieu singled to right. Arenado reached on infield single to shortstop, LeMahieu to second. González singled to right, LeMahieu scored, Arenado to third, González to second on error by right fielder Beltrán. Story fouled out to first. Descalso reached on infield single to third. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to second, Arenado scored, Descalso out at second, González to third. Raburn struck out looking. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Gardner singled to center. Beltrán reached on infield single to first, Gardner to second, Gardner to third on error by pitcher Bettis. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gardner scored, Beltrán out at second. McCann struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 2nd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Wolters flied out to left. Blackmon safe at first on error by first baseman Refsnyder. LeMahieu singled to left center, Blackmon to third. LeMahieu stole second. Arenado hit sacrifice fly to left, Blackmon scored. González intentionally walked. Story grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Castro struck out swinging. Gregorius doubled to deep center. Headley grounded out to first, Gregorius to third. Hicks safe at first on error by second baseman LeMahieu, Gregorius scored. Refsnyder lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 3rd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Descalso grounded out to second. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Raburn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Gardner singled to center. Beltrán struck out looking. Rodriguez struck out looking. McCann singled to center, Gardner to second. Castro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Wolters flied out to center. Blackmon homered to right (359 feet). LeMahieu lined out to center. Arenado popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Gregorius flied out to left. Headley lined out to first. Hicks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Nova pitching for Yankees. González doubled to deep right. González to third on wild pitch by Nova. Story walked. Goody pitching for Yankees. Story stole second. Descalso struck out looking. Reynolds doubled to deep left, González scored, Story to third. Raburn struck out swinging. Wolters struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Refsnyder grounded out to shortstop. Gardner walked. Beltrán reached on infield single to second, Gardner to third. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to left, Gardner scored, Beltrán tagged out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Goody pitching for Yankees. Blackmon struck out swinging. LeMahieu reached on infield single to second. Arenado homered to left (339 feet), LeMahieu scored. Bleier pitching for Yankees. González grounded out to second. Story hit ground rule double to right. Descalso grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. McCann struck out swinging. Castro singled to right. Gregorius tripled to deep center, Castro scored. Headley struck out swinging. Hicks struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Bleier pitching for Yankees. Reynolds grounded out to pitcher. Raburn singled to left. Wolters struck out swinging. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Germen pitching for Rockies. Barnes in left field. Refsnyder doubled to left. Gardner walked. Beltrán flied out to center. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop, Refsnyder to third, Gardner to second. Logan pitching for Rockies. McCann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Yates pitching for Yankees. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Arenado singled to left. González singled to right center, Arenado to third. Story struck out swinging, González stole second. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Motte pitching for Rockies. Castro lined out to center. Gregorius struck out swinging. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Swarzak pitching for Yankees. Reynolds struck out swinging. Barnes struck out swinging. Wolters struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Hicks lined out to right. Refsnyder singled to left. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Refsnyder out at second. Gardner to second on fielder's indifference. Beltrán popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 8 - Yankees 4.	Blackmon hits 2 HRs, Arenado drives in 3, Rockies beat Yanks