Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Butler pitching for Rockies. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Tomás struck out swinging. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon doubled to deep right. LeMahieu grounded out to second, Blackmon to third. Arenado doubled to deep right center, Blackmon scored. González grounded out to first, Arenado to third. Story singled to right, Arenado scored. Raburn struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Butler pitching for Rockies. O'Brien grounded out to third. Gosselin grounded out to shortstop. Castillo lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds homered to right (371 feet). Hundley struck out swinging. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Butler pitching for Rockies. Greinke singled to right. Brito homered to center (446 feet), Greinke scored. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Tomás struck out swinging. Goldschmidt singled to left. Lamb homered to center (446 feet), Goldschmidt scored. O'Brien singled to right. Gosselin singled to left, O'Brien to second. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gosselin out at second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher. Arenado grounded out to second. González singled to left center. Story grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Butler pitching for Rockies. Greinke walked. Brito lined out to center. Greinke stole second. Segura singled to right, Greinke to third. Tomás singled to center, Greinke scored, Segura to third. Goldschmidt singled to left, Segura scored, Tomás to second. Lamb grounded out to first, Tomás to third, Goldschmidt to second. O'Brien struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Raburn safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Lamb. Reynolds grounded out to third. Hundley walked. Butler sacrificed to pitcher, Raburn to third, Hundley to second. Blackmon lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Butler pitching for Rockies. Gosselin walked. Castillo singled to right, Gosselin to third. Greinke bunted into fielder's choice to first, Gosselin out at third, Castillo to second. Brito grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Greinke out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu singled to right center. Arenado walked, LeMahieu to second. González grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, LeMahieu out at third, Arenado to second. Story lined out to right. Raburn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Germen pitching for Rockies. Segura grounded out to first. Tomás flied out to right. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds struck out swinging. Hundley singled to second. Adames hit for Germen. Adames grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hundley out at second. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Rockies. Lamb flied out to center. O'Brien grounded out to shortstop. Gosselin singled to center. Out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Tomás in left field. Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks. Bourn in center field. Brito in right field. LeMahieu singled to left. Arenado struck out swinging. González popped out to second. Story grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Rockies. Castillo walked. Bourn struck out swinging. Brito struck out swinging. Segura flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Segura at second base. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ahmed at shortstop. Raburn singled to center. Reynolds singled to right center, Raburn to third. Hundley grounded out to second, Raburn scored, Reynolds to second. Descalso hit for Miller. Descalso singled to right, Reynolds to third. Blackmon singled to right center, Reynolds scored, Descalso to third. Herrmann in right field. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu reached on bunt single to first, Descalso scored, Blackmon to second. Arenado walked, Blackmon to third, LeMahieu to second. González struck out swinging. Story struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Barnes in right field. Tomás struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Lamb singled to right center. Herrmann reached on infield single to second, Lamb to second. Ahmed singled to center, Lamb scored, Herrmann to third. Castillo grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Raburn grounded out to third. Reynolds lined out to center. Hundley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 7 - Rockies 6.	Ahmed's RBI single in ninth lifts D'backs past Rockies 7-6