Rockies - Top 1st. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Blackmon fouled out to third. LeMahieu singled to right. Arenado lined out to left. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Peterson grounded out to second. Beckham struck out swinging. Freeman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Story grounded out to shortstop. Raburn struck out swinging. Reynolds flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Markakis popped out to shortstop. García struck out swinging. Inciarte doubled to right. Pierzynski homered to right (373 feet), Inciarte scored. Aybar singled to right. Foltynewicz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Hundley flied out to center. Bettis grounded out to pitcher. Blackmon popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Peterson grounded out to first. Beckham struck out swinging. Freeman popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. LeMahieu struck out looking. Arenado flied out to center. González fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. García struck out looking. Inciarte singled to center. Pierzynski flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Story struck out looking. Raburn reached on infield single to third. Reynolds walked, Raburn to second. Hundley grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Aybar lined out to shortstop. Foltynewicz struck out swinging. Peterson walked. Beckham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Bettis grounded out to third. Blackmon popped out to shortstop. LeMahieu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Freeman grounded out to first. Markakis lined out to center. García flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Arenado fouled out to first. González lined out to first. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Inciarte walked. Pierzynski reached on bunt single to third, Inciarte to second. Aybar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pierzynski out at second, Inciarte to third. Foltynewicz singled to center, Inciarte scored. Peterson walked, Foltynewicz to second. McGee pitching for Rockies. Beckham flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Raburn singled to center. Reynolds walked, Raburn to second. Hundley singled to left, Raburn scored, Reynolds to second. Adames hit for McGee. Cervenka pitching for Braves. Adames flied out to left, Reynolds to third. Reynolds scored, Hundley to second on wild pitch by Cervenka. Blackmon flied out to center. Withrow pitching for Braves. LeMahieu reached on infield single to second, Hundley scored on throwing error by second baseman Beckham. Arenado singled to right, LeMahieu to third. Álvarez pitching for Braves. González popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 8th. Logan pitching for Rockies. Freeman struck out swinging. Markakis singled to right. García walked, Markakis to second. Inciarte fouled out to third. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, García out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Braves. Story singled to right. Story to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Raburn grounded out to third. Story to third on wild pitch by Johnson. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Story scored, Reynolds to second on throwing error by shortstop Aybar. Hundley struck out swinging. Descalso hit for Logan. Descalso walked. Blackmon singled to center, Reynolds thrown out at home, Descalso to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 9th. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Barnes in left field. Aybar grounded out to second. Francoeur hit for Johnson. Francoeur struck out swinging. Peterson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Braves 3.	Story, Rockies take advantage of Braves' mistakes to win 4-3