Dodgers - Top 1st. Gray pitching for Rockies. Utley fouled out to third. Seager struck out swinging. Turner fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. McCarthy pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon struck out swinging. LeMahieu walked. González singled to right, LeMahieu to second. Arenado fouled out to first. LeMahieu to third, González to second on wild pitch by McCarthy. Dahl walked. Reynolds flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Gray pitching for Rockies. Reddick lined out to center. González struck out swinging. Grandal walked. Pederson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Dodgers. Descalso reached on bunt single to pitcher. Hundley grounded into double play, third to second to first, Descalso out at second. Gray struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Gray pitching for Rockies. Kendrick struck out swinging. McCarthy struck out looking. Utley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon walked. LeMahieu singled to left center, Blackmon to third. González grounded out to first, Blackmon scored, LeMahieu to second. Arenado lined out to third. Dahl grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Seager struck out swinging. Turner doubled to deep left. Reddick grounded out to first, Turner to third. González intentionally walked. Grandal flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. McCarthy pitching for Dodgers. Reynolds walked. Descalso walked, Reynolds to second. Avilán pitching for Dodgers. Hundley singled to center, Reynolds scored, Descalso to second. Gray sacrificed to catcher, Descalso to third, Hundley to second, Gray safe at first on error by pitcher Avilán. Descalso to third on error by pitcher Avilán. Blackmon hit by pitch, Descalso scored, Hundley to third, Gray to second. LeMahieu struck out swinging. González grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hundley scored, Blackmon out at second, Gray to third. Arenado intentionally walked, González to second. Dahl struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 5th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Pederson struck out swinging. Kendrick lined out to center. Van Slyke hit for Avilán. Van Slyke singled to right. Utley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Reynolds grounded out to third. Descalso struck out swinging. Hundley reached on infield single to second. Ynoa hit for Gray. Ynoa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Seager struck out swinging. Turner grounded out to third. Reddick lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon singled to left center. Chavez pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu walked, Blackmon to second. González doubled to deep center, Blackmon and LeMahieu scored. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, González out at third. Dahl singled to right center, Arenado to third. Reynolds singled to right, Arenado scored, Dahl to second. Descalso walked, Dahl to third, Reynolds to second. Hundley grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Descalso out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. González grounded out to first. Grandal grounded out to shortstop. Pederson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. Rusin lined out to left. Blackmon lined out to right. LeMahieu lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Kendrick doubled to deep left. Hernández hit for Blanton. Hernández grounded out to third. Utley grounded out to first, Kendrick to third. Seager walked. Turner doubled to deep right center, Kendrick and Seager scored. Reddick fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Coleman pitching for Dodgers. Hernández in right field. González doubled to deep right. Arenado singled to right, González thrown out at home. Dahl grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Arenado out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. McGee pitching for Rockies. González grounded out to second. Grandal homered to center (445 feet). Pederson grounded out to first. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Kendrick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 3 - Rockies 7.	Gonzalez 4 RBIs, 3 hits as surging Rockies beat Dodgers 7-3