Rockies - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Blackmon grounded out to first. Cardullo lined out to center. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Turner flied out to left. Werth homered to left (407 feet). Murphy flied out to left. Harper doubled to deep right. Rendon walked. Zimmerman grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. González grounded out to first. Raburn reached on infield single to shortstop. Hundley singled to center, Raburn to third. Descalso hit sacrifice fly to center, Raburn scored. Adames struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Espinosa out on batter's interference to catcher. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Espinosa batting. Lobatón flied out to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Hoffman grounded out to first. Blackmon grounded out to second. Cardullo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Turner reached on infield single to shortstop, Turner to second on throwing error by shortstop Adames. Werth lined out to third. Murphy grounded out to first, Turner scored. Harper grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Arenado grounded out to first. González flied out to left. Raburn doubled to deep center. Hundley doubled to deep left center, Raburn scored. Hundley to third on wild pitch by Gonzalez. Descalso struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Rendon doubled to left. Zimmerman singled to right center, Rendon to third. Espinosa walked, Zimmerman to second. Lobatón grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rendon scored, Espinosa out at second, Zimmerman to third. Gonzalez popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Adames struck out swinging. Hoffman grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Turner struck out looking. Werth flied out to left. Murphy homered to right center (413 feet). Harper flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Cardullo walked. Arenado popped out to first. González grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Cardullo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Rendon walked. Zimmerman struck out looking. Espinosa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rendon out at second. Lobatón walked, Espinosa to second. Difo hit for Gonzalez. Difo lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Glover pitching for Nationals. Dahl hit for Raburn. Dahl struck out swinging. Hundley struck out swinging. Descalso grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Dahl in left field. Carasiti pitching for Rockies. Turner reached on infield single to shortstop. Turner stole second, Turner safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hundley. Werth doubled to deep center, Turner scored. Werth to third on wild pitch by Carasiti. Murphy walked. Harper tripled to deep center, Werth and Murphy scored. Rendon hit sacrifice fly to center, Harper scored. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Espinosa reached on infield single to third. Lobatón lined out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 8th. Glover pitching for Nationals. Adames grounded out to shortstop. Parra hit for Carasiti. Rzepczynski pitching for Nationals. Parra struck out swinging. Blackmon hit by pitch. Kelley pitching for Nationals. Cardullo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Qualls pitching for Rockies. Kelley struck out swinging. Turner grounded out to second. Werth grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Kelley pitching for Nationals. Arenado struck out swinging. González walked. Dahl singled to center, González to second. Hundley homered to left center (410 feet), González and Dahl scored. Descalso flied out to center. Melancon pitching for Nationals. Adames struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 5 - Nationals 8.	Gonzalez earns 100th win as Nats beat Rockies