Rockies - Top 1st. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon flied out to right. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Arenado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Drury singled to left. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Drury to second on balk by Anderson. Castillo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. González struck out swinging. Tapia grounded out to first. Reynolds popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Tomás doubled to deep right center. Lamb grounded out to pitcher. Jensen singled to center, Tomás scored. Haniger struck out swinging. Miller struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Descalso flied out to left. Wolters flied out to left. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Segura grounded out to third. Drury doubled to left. Goldschmidt walked. Castillo lined out to center. Tomás singled to center, Drury scored, Goldschmidt to third. Lamb doubled to right center, Goldschmidt scored, Tomás to third. Jensen singled to left, Tomás and Lamb scored. Haniger struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon singled to right. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blackmon out at second. Arenado singled to center, LeMahieu to second. González doubled to deep center, LeMahieu scored, Arenado to third. Tapia popped out to third. Reynolds walked. Descalso safe at first on error by second baseman Drury, Arenado and González scored, Reynolds to third. Wolters struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Miller doubled to deep center. Segura sacrificed to pitcher, Miller to third, Segura safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Anderson. Miller scored on throwing error by pitcher Anderson. Drury struck out looking. Segura caught stealing third, catcher to third. Goldschmidt walked. Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Anderson. Castillo grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 5th. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Anderson struck out swinging. Blackmon hit ground rule double to deep right. Blackmon caught stealing third, catcher to third. LeMahieu singled to deep right. Arenado singled to right, LeMahieu to third. González doubled to deep right, LeMahieu and Arenado scored. Tapia singled to right, González scored. Reynolds popped out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Tomás singled to left. Lamb struck out swinging. Miller pitching for Rockies. Jensen popped out to shortstop. Haniger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Escobar pitching for Diamondbacks. Descalso homered to right (394 feet). Wolters grounded out to first. Cardullo hit for Miller. Cardullo struck out swinging. Blackmon doubled to right. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu walked. Blackmon to third, LeMahieu to second on wild pitch by Delgado. Arenado singled to left center, Blackmon and LeMahieu scored. González singled to right, Arenado to second. Tapia grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Gosselin hit for Delgado. Gosselin grounded out to third. Segura flied out to center. Drury singled to left center. Goldschmidt singled to right, Drury to second. Castillo reached on infield single to third, Drury to third, Goldschmidt to second. Tomás homered to right (394 feet), Drury, Goldschmidt and Castillo scored. Lamb singled to right. Jensen struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks. Brito in left field. Reynolds fouled out to first. Descalso grounded out to second. Wolters popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Haniger homered to center (442 feet). Brito grounded out to third. Segura grounded out to third. Drury homered to left (392 feet). Estevez pitching for Rockies. Adames at shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Segura at second base. Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks. Owings at shortstop. Adames struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu singled to center. Arenado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Qualls pitching for Rockies. Castillo struck out looking. Tomás grounded out to shortstop. Lamb walked. Owings fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. González doubled to right. Tapia struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. Dahl hit for Qualls. Dahl popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 9 - Diamondbacks 12.	Tomas' grand slam powers Diamondbacks past Rockies, 12-9