Marlins - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Gordon singled to right. Prado singled to center, Gordon to third. Yelich singled to center, Gordon scored, Prado to second. Stanton singled to left, Prado to third, Yelich to second. Bour flied out to left, Prado out at home, Yelich to third. Ozuna singled to left, Yelich scored, Stanton to third. Realmuto hit by pitch, Ozuna to second. Rojas grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Volquez pitching for Marlins. Dyson flied out to center. Haniger walked. Canó singled to right, Haniger to second. Cruz struck out swinging. Seager walked, Haniger to third, Canó to second. Haniger scored, Canó to third, Seager to second on wild pitch by Volquez. Motter flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Suzuki struck out swinging. Gordon struck out swinging. Prado singled to center. Yelich grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Prado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Volquez pitching for Marlins. Freeman grounded out to second. Zunino hit ground rule double to right. Martín walked. Dyson walked, Zunino to third, Martín to second. Haniger singled to right, Zunino and Martín scored, Dyson to third. Canó struck out looking. Haniger caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Stanton homered to center (448 feet). Bour singled to right center. Ozuna struck out swinging. Realmuto grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bour out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Volquez pitching for Marlins. Cruz doubled to left center. Seager doubled to deep right center, Cruz scored. Seager picked off second. Motter struck out looking. Freeman flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Rojas lined out to center. Suzuki singled to left. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suzuki out at second. Prado grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Zunino hit by pitch. Martín flied out to left. Dyson singled to left center, Zunino to second. Haniger doubled to deep center, Zunino and Dyson scored. Canó intentionally walked. Cruz singled to left, Haniger to third, Canó to second. Seager singled to center, Haniger and Canó scored, Cruz to third. Motter struck out swinging. Freeman struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Yelich homered to center (415 feet). Stanton walked. Bour flied out to center. Ozuna struck out swinging. Realmuto reached on infield single to third, Stanton tagged out at home, Stanton to third advancing on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Zunino struck out swinging. Martín struck out swinging. Dyson bunt grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Rojas grounded out to second. Suzuki grounded out to second. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Haniger safe at first on error by third baseman Prado. Canó singled to left, Haniger to second. Cruz flied out to left. Tazawa pitching for Marlins. Seager popped out to shortstop. Motter walked, Haniger to third, Canó to second. Freeman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Yelich singled to shallow left. Zych pitching for Mariners. Stanton walked, Yelich to second. Bour grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Stanton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Tazawa pitching for Marlins. Zunino struck out swinging. Martín grounded out to first. Dyson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Vincent pitching for Mariners. Ozuna struck out swinging. Realmuto flied out to center. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Haniger singled to center. Canó walked, Haniger to second. Cruz walked, Haniger to third, Canó to second. Seager walked, Haniger scored, Canó to third, Cruz to second. García pitching for Marlins. Motter popped out to shortstop. Valencia hit for Freeman. Valencia walked, Canó scored, Cruz to third, Seager to second. Zunino struck out looking. Martín flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Valencia at first base. Marshall pitching for Mariners. Suzuki homered to right center (380 feet). Gordon walked. Prado flied out to right. Yelich flied out to right. Stanton singled to right, Gordon to second. Rzepczynski pitching for Mariners. Bour grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Mariners 10.	Mitch Haniger's 3 hits, 4 RBIs lifts Seattle past Miami 10-5