Pirates - Top 1st. Conley pitching for Marlins. Harrison flied out to center. Mercer homered to left (400 feet). McCutchen flied out to right. Polanco flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Realmuto flied out to right. Prado struck out swinging. Yelich lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Conley pitching for Marlins. Cervelli singled to center. Osuna walked, Cervelli to second. Bell struck out swinging. Ngoepe walked, Cervelli to third, Osuna to second. Taillon struck out swinging. Harrison reached on infield single to shortstop, Cervelli scored, Osuna to third, Ngoepe to second. Mercer walked, Osuna scored, Ngoepe to third, Harrison to second. McCutchen singled to right, Ngoepe and Harrison scored, Mercer to second. Polanco hit by pitch, Mercer to third, McCutchen to second. Cervelli tripled to left, Mercer, McCutchen and Polanco scored. Ureña pitching for Marlins. Osuna singled to center, Cervelli scored. Bell walked, Osuna to second. Ngoepe grounded out to pitcher. Taillon grounded out to pitcher. 8 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Stanton grounded out to pitcher. Bour grounded out to second. Ozuna walked. Dietrich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Urena pitching for Marlins. Harrison singled to center. Mercer flied out to right. McCutchen singled to center, Harrison to second. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCutchen out at second, Harrison to third. Cervelli struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Hechavarria tripled to deep right. Ureña struck out swinging. Realmuto struck out swinging. Prado reached on infield single to third, Hechavarria scored. Yelich singled to center, Prado to third. Stanton walked, Yelich to second. Bour lined out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Osuna singled to center. Bell singled to left center, Osuna to second. Ngoepe singled to shallow left, Osuna scored, Bell to second. Taillon bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Bell out at third, Ngoepe to second. Harrison singled to center, Ngoepe to third, Taillon to second. Mercer grounded into double play, third to second to first, Harrison out at second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Ozuna lined out to shortstop. Dietrich struck out swinging. Hechavarria grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Urena pitching for Marlins. McCutchen grounded out to third. Polanco singled to center. Cervelli grounded into double play, second to first, Polanco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Ureña grounded out to second. Realmuto singled to center. Prado flied out to right. Yelich singled to left, Realmuto to third. Stanton lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Rojas at third base. Urena pitching for Marlins. Osuna singled to right. Bell grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Osuna out at second. Ngoepe tripled to deep right. Hanson hit for Taillon. Hanson tripled to deep right, Ngoepe scored. Harrison flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Barbato pitching for Pirates. Ngoepe at shortstop. Hanson at second base. Bour lined out to second. Ozuna walked. Dietrich flied out to center. Hechavarria lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Tazawa pitching for Marlins. Suzuki in left field. Barbato lined out to center. Jaso hit for McCutchen. Jaso walked. Polanco grounded out to second, Jaso to second. Cervelli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Jaso in right field. Polanco in center field. Osuna in left field. Barbato pitching for Pirates. Suzuki grounded out to second. Realmuto lined out to right. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Osuna singled to right. Bell walked, Osuna to second. Ngoepe walked, Osuna to third, Bell to second. Hanson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Osuna out at home, Bell to third, Ngoepe to second. Harrison hit sacrifice fly to center, Bell scored. Gosselin hit for Barbato. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Ellis catching. Gosselin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. LeBlanc pitching for Pirates. Gosselin at second base. Hanson at third base. Yelich doubled to right. Stanton singled to shallow left center, Yelich scored. Bour struck out swinging. Ellis flied out to center. Dietrich reached on infield single to third, Stanton to second. Hechavarria reached on infield single to shortstop, Stanton to third, Dietrich to second. Suzuki struck out looking. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Jaso struck out swinging. Polanco grounded out to pitcher. Cervelli walked. Osuna flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Gordon hit for McGowan. LeBlanc pitching for Pirates. Gordon struck out looking. Rojas lined out to right. Yelich singled to left. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 12 - Marlins 2.	Cervelli leads balanced attack in Pirates' 12-2 win