Pirates - Top 1st. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Harrison doubled to left. Bell homered to right (419 feet), Harrison scored. McCutchen flied out to center. Polanco doubled to deep center. Jaso singled to right, Polanco scored. Mercer struck out swinging. Hanson flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Gordon singled to left. Prado grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gordon out at second. Yelich singled to right. Yelich stole second. Stanton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Stewart singled to shallow center. Kuhl bunted into fielder's choice to first, Stewart out at second. Harrison struck out swinging. Bell walked, Kuhl to second. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bell out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Ozuna doubled to left. Bour doubled to deep right center, Ozuna scored. Ellis reached on infield single to third. Rojas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ellis out at second, Bour to third. Koehler struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Polanco flied out to center. Jaso struck out looking. Mercer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Gordon struck out swinging. Prado grounded out to second. Yelich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Hanson singled to right. Stewart grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hanson out at second. Kuhl flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Stanton walked. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stanton safe at third on error by third baseman Harrison. Bour singled to right, Stanton scored, Ozuna to third. Ellis bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Ozuna out at third, Bour to second. Rojas flied out to right. Dietrich hit for Koehler. Dietrich fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 5th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Harrison flied out to right. Bell singled to right. McCutchen struck out swinging, Bell stole second. Polanco intentionally walked. Jaso walked, Bell to third, Polanco to second. Mercer fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Gordon reached on infield single to catcher. Williams pitching for Pirates. Prado flied out to center. Yelich lined out to left. Stanton walked, Gordon to second. Ozuna walked, Gordon to third, Stanton to second. Bour singled to right, Gordon and Stanton scored, Ozuna to third. Nicasio pitching for Pirates. Ellis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Hanson flied out to left. Stewart walked. Gosselin hit for Nicasio. Gosselin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stewart out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Rivero pitching for Pirates. Rojas grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki hit for Phelps. Suzuki walked. Gordon singled to left, Suzuki to second. Prado struck out swinging. Yelich grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Harrison flied out to center. Bell grounded out to first. McCutchen walked. McCutchen stole second. Polanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Hudson pitching for Pirates. Stanton lined out to third. Ozuna reached on infield single to third. Bour homered to right (394 feet), Ozuna scored. Ellis hit by pitch. Rojas doubled to deep right, Ellis to third, Ellis scored, Rojas to third on error by first baseman Bell. Hechavarria hit for Barraclough. Hechavarria singled to shallow right, Rojas scored. Barbato pitching for Pirates. Osuna in left field. Gordon walked, Hechavarria to second. Prado singled to right center, Hechavarria scored, Gordon to third. Yelich grounded out to pitcher, Gordon scored, Prado to second. Stanton struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 8th. Ziegler pitching for Marlins. Jaso struck out swinging. Mercer grounded out to third. Hanson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Barbato pitching for Pirates. Ozuna singled to center. Bour flied out to right. Ellis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ozuna out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. García pitching for Marlins. Stewart struck out looking. Osuna doubled to left. Bormann hit for Harrison. Bormann struck out swinging. Bell grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 3 - Marlins 10.	Justin Bour has 6 RBIs to help Marlins beat Pirates 10-3