Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Richard Worley pitching for Marlins. Descalso doubled to center. Herrmann flied out to left, Descalso to third. Goldschmidt singled to left center, Descalso scored. Lamb struck out looking. Owings struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon grounded out to second. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. Yelich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Richard Worley pitching for Marlins. Iannetta walked. Ahmed lined out to third. Fuentes doubled to deep right, Iannetta to third. Shipley grounded out to third. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Ozuna walked. Dietrich grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ozuna safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Goldschmidt. Moore homered to left (400 feet), Ozuna and Dietrich scored. Ellis singled to center. Riddle flied out to left. Worley struck out swinging. Gordon singled to right, Ellis to third. Gordon stole second. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Richard Worley pitching for Marlins. Herrmann struck out looking. Goldschmidt walked. Lamb doubled to left, Goldschmidt to third. Owings grounded out to second, Goldschmidt scored, Lamb to third. Iannetta struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Yelich singled to center. Ozuna doubled to deep center, Yelich to third. Dietrich hit sacrifice fly to center, Yelich scored. Moore flied out to right, Ozuna to third. Ellis flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Richard Worley pitching for Marlins. Ahmed walked. Fuentes singled to left, Ahmed to third, Fuentes to second advancing on throw. Shipley grounded out to third. Descalso doubled to right, Ahmed and Fuentes scored. Herrmann flied out to left. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center, Descalso scored. Lamb intentionally walked. Owings lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Riddle singled to left. McGowan struck out looking. Gordon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Riddle out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. Ahmed struck out swinging. Fuentes singled to center. Fuentes to second on wild pitch by McGowan. Shipley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton doubled to deep right center. Yelich reached first base on catcher's interference. Ozuna flied out to right, Stanton to third. Dietrich hit sacrifice fly to left, Stanton scored, Yelich to second. Moore walked. Ellis walked, Yelich to third, Moore to second. Riddle struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Descalso struck out looking. Herrmann struck out looking. Goldschmidt safe at first on error by second baseman Gordon. Goldschmidt caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lamb batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Suzuki hit for Barraclough. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Suzuki grounded out to second. Gordon grounded out to second. Stanton walked. Yelich grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Stanton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. García pitching for Marlins. Lamb struck out swinging. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. Owings flied out to right. Iannetta walked. Ahmed grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Iannetta out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Ozuna grounded out to pitcher. Dietrich doubled to right center. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta in right field. Moore struck out swinging. Ellis singled to left center, Dietrich scored. Riddle reached on infield single to shortstop, Ellis to second. Bour hit for Wittgren. Bour grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Fuentes flied out to left. Peralta grounded out to second. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon singled to center. Stanton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gordon out at second. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Yelich lined out to left. Ozuna singled to left center, Stanton to third. Dietrich struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Herrmann flied out to left. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Lamb struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Marlins 6.	Ellis lifts Marlins to 6-5 win over Diamondbacks