Athletics - Top 1st. Volquez pitching for Marlins. Brugman grounded out to first. Lowrie walked. Healy popped out to second. Davis safe at first on error by third baseman Dietrich, Lowrie to second. Alonso walked, Lowrie to third, Davis to second. Vogt walked, Lowrie scored, Davis to third, Alonso to second. Pinder struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Gossett pitching for Athletics. Gordon grounded out to second. Stanton struck out swinging. Yelich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Volquez pitching for Marlins. Joyce doubled to deep center. Gossett sacrificed to third, Joyce to third. Brugman grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Joyce out at third, Brugman to second. Lowrie walked. Healy homered to center (427 feet), Brugman and Lowrie scored. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Gossett pitching for Athletics. Ozuna homered to center (411 feet). Realmuto popped out to first. Dietrich grounded out to first. Moore homered to left (366 feet). Riddle flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Volquez pitching for Marlins. Alonso flied out to center. Vogt flied out to left. Pinder struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Brugman in right field. Davis in center field. Gossett pitching for Athletics. Volquez walked. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Volquez out at second. Stanton singled to left, Gordon to second. Yelich singled to right center, Gordon scored, Stanton to third. Ozuna grounded out to second, Stanton scored, Yelich to second. Realmuto lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Volquez pitching for Marlins. Davis struck out looking. Gossett reached on infield single to second. Brugman flied out to center. Lowrie doubled to deep center, Gossett scored. Healy grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Gossett pitching for Athletics. Dietrich reached on infield single to third. Moore grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dietrich safe at second on error by third baseman Healy. Riddle bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Dietrich out at third, Moore to second. Telis hit for Volquez. Telis doubled to deep center, Moore scored, Riddle to third. Coulombe pitching for Athletics. Gordon singled to left, Riddle scored, Telis to third. Stanton walked, Gordon to second. Yelich hit by pitch, Telis scored, Gordon to third, Stanton to second. Axford pitching for Athletics. Ozuna grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Yelich out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Davis reached on infield single to third. Alonso struck out swinging. Vogt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Axford pitching for Athletics. Realmuto struck out looking. Dietrich hit by pitch. Moore walked, Dietrich to second. Riddle singled to left, Dietrich scored, Moore to second. Suzuki hit for Barraclough. Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher, Moore to third, Riddle to second. Gordon hit sacrifice fly to left, Moore scored. Stanton grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Ziegler pitching for Marlins. Pinder lined out to left. Davis reached on infield single to second. Plouffe hit for Axford. Plouffe grounded out to second, Davis to second. Brugman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Yelich singled to center. Yelich stole second. Ozuna doubled to deep center, Yelich scored. Realmuto struck out swinging. Dietrich struck out looking. Moore flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. Lowrie popped out to shortstop. Healy doubled to deep right. Davis walked. García pitching for Marlins. Alonso flied out to left. Vogt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Phegley catching. Neal pitching for Athletics. Riddle struck out swinging. Colón hit for García. Colón grounded out to shortstop. Gordon doubled to left. Stanton singled to right, Gordon scored. Yelich struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Pinder grounded out to third. Davis struck out looking. Phegley doubled to deep right center. Brugman grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Sheridan Neal pitching for Athletics. Ozuna struck out swinging. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Dietrich flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Steckenrider pitching for Marlins. Lowrie walked. Lowrie to second on fielder's indifference. Healy singled to right, Lowrie to third. Davis struck out swinging. Alonso fouled out to shortstop. Rosales hit for Neal. Rosales singled to center, Lowrie scored, Healy to second. Pinder struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 6 - Marlins 11.	Ozuna HR starts comeback as Marlins beat A's 11-6