Nationals - Top 1st. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Turner lined out to right. Raburn singled to left. Harper homered to right center (399 feet), Raburn scored. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Murphy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Roark pitching for Nationals. Gordon singled to left. Stanton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gordon out at second. Yelich grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Rendon homered to center (398 feet). Wieters grounded out to second. Taylor doubled to right. Roark flied out to center. Turner popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Ozuna lined out to shortstop. Bour grounded out to first. Realmuto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Raburn reached on infield single to shortstop. Harper grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Raburn safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Nicolino. Zimmerman flied out to center. Murphy doubled to right, Raburn scored, Harper to third. Rendon intentionally walked. Wieters grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harper out at home, Murphy to third, Rendon to second. Taylor singled to center, Murphy and Rendon scored, Wieters to second. Roark grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Dietrich singled to center. Riddle tripled to deep center, Dietrich scored. Suzuki hit for Nicolino. Suzuki flied out to right. Gordon grounded out to shortstop, Riddle scored. Stanton reached on infield single to third. Yelich walked, Stanton to second. Ozuna walked, Stanton to third, Yelich to second. Bour homered to right (414 feet), Stanton, Yelich and Ozuna scored. Realmuto singled to center. Grace pitching for Nationals. Realmuto to second on wild pitch by Grace. Dietrich flied out to center. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Worley pitching for Marlins. Turner singled to right. Raburn grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Turner out at second. Harper lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Grace pitching for Nationals. Riddle fouled out to third. Worley grounded out to second. Gordon reached on bunt single to pitcher. Gordon stole second. Gordon safe at third on throwing error by catcher Wieters. Stanton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Richard Worley pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman singled to right. Murphy struck out swinging. Drew hit for Rendon. Drew doubled to left, Zimmerman scored. Wieters struck out swinging. Taylor flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Drew at third base. Grace pitching for Nationals. Yelich hit by pitch. Ozuna singled to center, Yelich thrown out at third. Bour grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ozuna out at second. Bour to second on wild pitch by Grace. Realmuto flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Ross hit for Grace. Richard Worley pitching for Marlins. Ross doubled to left. García pitching for Marlins. Turner flied out to center. Raburn popped out to second. Harper grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Pérez pitching for Nationals. Dietrich singled to center, Dietrich out stretching at second. Riddle struck out looking. Colón hit for García. Colón struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Murphy flied out to right. Drew singled to left center. Wieters grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Nationals. Gordon lined out to center. Turner pitching for Nationals. Stanton homered to right (398 feet). Yelich walked. Ozuna grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Yelich out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Taylor struck out looking. Lind hit for Turner. Lind struck out swinging. Turner singled to left. Raburn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Romero pitching for Nationals. Bour singled to right. Realmuto grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bour out at second. Dietrich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Harper walked. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Murphy popped out to third. Drew struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Romero pitching for Nationals. Riddle popped out to first. Moore hit for Ramos. Moore struck out swinging. Gordon walked. Gordon stole second. Stanton safe at first on error by second baseman Murphy, Gordon to third. Stanton stole second. Yelich walked. Ozuna singled to deep center, Gordon scored, Stanton to third, Yelich to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 7 - Marlins 8.	Ozuna's walk-off single lifts Marlins over Nationals 8-7