Marlins - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gordon reached on infield single to third, Gordon to second on throwing error by third baseman Gyorko. Stanton struck out swinging. Yelich grounded out to third, Gordon to third. Ozuna struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Locke pitching for Marlins. Carpenter singled to center. Pham tripled to deep center, Carpenter scored. Piscotty singled to right, Pham scored. Gyorko singled to right, Piscotty to third. Molina hit sacrifice fly to center, Piscotty scored. Gyorko stole second. Grichuk singled to left, Gyorko to third. Voit grounded out to third, Gyorko scored, Grichuk to second. DeJong struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Bour struck out looking. Prado grounded out to second. Realmuto singled to center. Riddle struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Locke pitching for Marlins. Wainwright struck out looking. Carpenter grounded out to second. Pham walked. Piscotty grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pham out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Locke struck out looking. Gordon lined out to left. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Locke pitching for Marlins. Gyorko singled to left. Molina singled to left, Gyorko to second. Grichuk flied out to right. Voit doubled to deep left, Gyorko scored, Molina to third. DeJong intentionally walked. Wainwright singled to center, Molina and Voit scored, DeJong to third. Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to center, DeJong scored. Pham walked, Wainwright to second. Piscotty singled to right, Wainwright to third, Pham to second. Gyorko walked, Wainwright scored, Pham to third, Piscotty to second. Molina doubled to deep right center, Pham and Piscotty scored, Gyorko to third. Tazawa pitching for Marlins. Grichuk lined out to center. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Yelich grounded out to shortstop. Ozuna struck out swinging. Bour lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Tazawa pitching for Marlins. Voit grounded out to third. DeJong grounded out to third. Wainwright grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Prado singled to right center. Realmuto singled to left, Prado to second. Riddle singled to center, Prado to third, Realmuto to second. Moore hit for Tazawa. Moore singled to left, Prado and Realmuto scored, Riddle to second. Gordon flied out to center. Stanton struck out swinging. Yelich walked, Riddle to third, Moore to second. Ozuna doubled to right, Riddle, Moore and Yelich scored. Bour hit ground rule double to deep center, Ozuna scored. Prado grounded out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Dietrich at third base. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Carpenter flied out to center. Pham singled to right. Piscotty flied out to center. Mejia hit for Gyorko. Pham caught stealing second, catcher to second. Mejia batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Mejia at third base. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Realmuto singled to right. Riddle singled to right, Realmuto to second. Dietrich flied out to left. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Riddle out at second, Realmuto to third. Stanton lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Mejia struck out swinging. Molina doubled to right center. Grichuk struck out swinging. Voit flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Lyons pitching for Cardinals. Yelich struck out swinging. Ozuna struck out looking. Bour walked. Suzuki hit for McGowan. Suzuki walked, Bour to second. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. DeJong flied out to right. Martínez hit for Lyons. Martínez walked. Carpenter flied out to left. Martínez to second on wild pitch by Wittgren. Pham singled to right, Martínez scored. Piscotty struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Riddle grounded out to first. Dietrich doubled to deep left. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Stanton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. García pitching for Marlins. Mejia grounded out to shortstop. Fryer hit for Molina. Fryer walked. Fryer to second on wild pitch by García. Grichuk grounded out to third. Voit homered to center (429 feet), Fryer scored. DeJong grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Fryer catching. Garcia at second base. Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals. Yelich grounded out to second. Ozuna grounded out to third. Bour singled to right. Ellis hit for García. Ellis singled to center, Bour to second. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 6 - Cardinals 14.	Voit drives in 4 runs to lead Cardinals past Marlins, 14-6