Phillies - Top 1st. Conley pitching for Marlins. Hernández lined out to right. Galvis singled to right. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Galvis out at second. Joseph flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Gordon grounded out to second. Stanton homered to left center (442 feet). Yelich struck out looking. Ozuna popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Conley pitching for Marlins. Franco doubled to left. Herrera singled to left, Franco to third. Rupp grounded into double play, pitcher to third to catcher to second to catcher to second to catcher to second, Franco out at home, Rupp out at second, Herrera to second. Perkins singled to right, Herrera scored. Velasquez walked, Perkins to second. Hernández grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Bour grounded out to first. Realmuto lined out to center. Dietrich lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Conley pitching for Marlins. Galvis flied out to right. Williams struck out looking. Joseph struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Riddle reached on infield single to pitcher, Riddle to third on throwing error by pitcher Velasquez. Riddle scored on Rupp's passed ball. Conley struck out swinging. Gordon singled to center. Gordon caught stealing second, catcher to second. Stanton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 4th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Franco grounded out to second. Herrera walked. Herrera to second on wild pitch by Conley. Rupp singled to left, Herrera to third. Perkins reached on bunt single to first, Herrera scored, Rupp to second. Velasquez struck out swinging. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Perkins out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Yelich grounded out to shortstop. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. Bour walked. Realmuto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Galvis popped out to second. Williams singled to center. Joseph grounded into double play, third to second to first, Williams out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Dietrich singled to left center. Riddle struck out swinging. Dietrich caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Conley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Franco singled to right. Herrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Franco out at second. Rupp flied out to center. Perkins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Herrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Gordon flied out to left. Stanton grounded out to third. Yelich grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Tazawa pitching for Marlins. Stassi hit for Velasquez. Stassi grounded out to second. Hernández walked. Galvis singled to center, Hernández to second. Williams grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Galvis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Neshek pitching for Phillies. Ozuna flied out to left. Bour struck out swinging. Realmuto flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Joseph lined out to center. Franco homered to left (410 feet). Herrera singled to right. Rupp grounded out to third, Herrera to second. Perkins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Benoit pitching for Phillies. Dietrich struck out swinging. Riddle lined out to right. Suzuki hit for McGowan. Suzuki singled to left center. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. García pitching for Marlins. Blanco hit for Benoit. Blanco hit ground rule double to deep right. Hernández flied out to right. Galvis lined out to center. Williams homered to left center (402 feet), Blanco scored. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. Yelich flied out to center. Ozuna grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Marlins 2.	Franco hits tiebreaking homer in 8th to lift Phillies