Rockies - Top 1st. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Blackmon singled to center. Blackmon stole second. LeMahieu lined out to right. Arenado lined out to right, Blackmon to third. Reynolds singled to left, Blackmon scored. Parra lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Gordon grounded out to second. Stanton doubled to deep right center. Yelich walked. Stanton to third, Yelich to second on wild pitch by Hoffman. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop, Stanton scored, Yelich to third. Realmuto flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Lucroy walked. González grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lucroy out at second. Story safe at first on error by second baseman Gordon. Hoffman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Dietrich grounded out to first. Moore struck out looking. Rojas singled to right. Nicolino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rojas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Blackmon singled to center. LeMahieu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blackmon out at second. Arenado flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Gordon grounded out to second. Stanton singled to center. Yelich singled to right, Stanton to second. Ozuna flied out to right. Realmuto walked, Stanton to third, Yelich to second. Dietrich flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Reynolds struck out looking. Parra grounded out to first. Lucroy walked. González hit ground rule double to deep right center, Lucroy to third. Story intentionally walked. Hoffman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Story out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Moore doubled to deep center. Rojas singled to right, Moore to third. Nicolino sacrificed to catcher, Rojas to second. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moore out at home. Rojas to third on wild pitch by Hoffman. Stanton homered to left center (463 feet), Rojas and Gordon scored. Yelich grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Blackmon singled to right center. Blackmon stole second, Blackmon safe at third on throwing error by catcher Realmuto. LeMahieu hit sacrifice fly to left, Blackmon scored. Arenado grounded out to third.   Reynolds flied out to center. Reynolds batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Ozuna grounded out to third. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Dietrich walked. Moore grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Lucroy walked. González singled to left center, Lucroy to second. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Story struck out looking. Amarista hit for Hoffman. Amarista grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki hit for McGowan. Suzuki grounded out to second. Gordon singled to center. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Steckenrider pitching for Marlins. Blackmon singled to left center. Blackmon caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Valaika at third base. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Yelich singled to right. Ozuna grounded into double play, third to second to first, Yelich out at second. Realmuto lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Reynolds walked. Reynolds to second on wild pitch by Ellington. Parra struck out swinging. Lucroy singled to right, Reynolds to third. González grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reynolds scored, Lucroy out at second. González to second on passed ball by Realmuto. Story hit by pitch. McMahon hit for Rusin. McMahon flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Dietrich reached on infield single to third. Moore sacrificed to first, Dietrich to second. Rojas grounded out to second, Dietrich to third. Telis hit for Ellington. Telis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Ziegler pitching for Marlins. Blackmon grounded out to first. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Valaika reached on infield single to second. Reynolds walked, Valaika to second. Parra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 3 - Marlins 4.	Stanton blasts 41st homer in Marlins' 4-3 win over Rockies