Giants - Top 1st. Conley pitching for Marlins. Span grounded out to second. Hern치ndez grounded out to pitcher. Pence grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Blach pitching for Giants. Gordon singled to left. Stanton homered to left (382 feet), Gordon scored. Yelich lined out to center. Ozuna struck out swinging. Realmuto singled to left. Moore flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Conley pitching for Marlins. Posey flied out to center. Hundley singled to right. Crawford grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hundley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Blach pitching for Giants. Dietrich fouled out to second. Rojas grounded out to second. Conley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Conley pitching for Marlins. Sandoval singled to right. Tomlinson walked, Sandoval to second. Blach sacrificed to third, Sandoval to third, Tomlinson to second. Span hit ground rule double to deep right, Sandoval and Tomlinson scored. Hern치ndez flied out to right. Pence singled to left, Span scored, Pence to second advancing on throw. Posey intentionally walked. Hundley walked, Pence to third, Posey to second. Crawford grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Blach pitching for Giants. Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop. Stanton flied out to center, Gordon to second. Yelich singled to left center, Gordon scored. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Yelich out at second. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ozuna out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Sandoval flied out to center. Tomlinson bunt grounded out to catcher. Blach flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Blach pitching for Giants. Moore grounded out to first. Dietrich singled to center. Rojas walked, Dietrich to second. Conley sacrificed to third, Dietrich to third, Rojas to second. Gordon reached on infield single to second, Dietrich scored, Rojas to third. Stanton singled to left, Rojas scored, Gordon to second. Yelich grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Span grounded out to second. Hern치ndez grounded out to third. Pence singled to center. Posey flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Blach pitching for Giants. Ozuna homered to center (456 feet). Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Moore popped out to shortstop. Dietrich lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Hundley popped out to second. Crawford fouled out to catcher. Sandoval grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Blach pitching for Giants. Rojas walked. Conley sacrificed to pitcher, Rojas to second. Gordon lined out to right. Stanton intentionally walked. Yelich grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Tomlinson singled to right. Moncrief hit for Blach. Moncrief grounded into fielder's choice to first, Tomlinson out at second. Steckenrider pitching for Marlins. Span lined out to center. Parker hit for Hern치ndez. Parker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Parker in left field. Crick pitching for Giants. Ozuna walked. Realmuto struck out swinging. Moore doubled to deep right center, Ozuna scored. Dietrich walked. Rojas hit by pitch, Moore to third, Dietrich to second. Suzuki hit for Steckenrider. Moore scored, Dietrich to third, Rojas to second on passed ball by Hundley. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dietrich out at home, Rojas to third. Gordon batting. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Pence grounded out to third. Posey struck out swinging. Hundley singled to left. Crawford walked, Hundley to second. Sandoval grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Crick pitching for Giants. Stanton struck out swinging. Yelich singled to right center. Ozuna grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Yelich out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Despaigne pitching for Marlins. Tomlinson grounded out to third. Jones hit for Crick. Jones flied out to center. Span struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 3 - Marlins 8.	Stanton sets Marlins record with 43rd homer