Marlins - Top 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon singled to center. Gordon caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Stanton walked. Yelich struck out swinging. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Straily pitching for Marlins. Peralta flied out to right. Marte walked. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Realmuto grounded out to third. Bour grounded out to shortstop. Anderson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Straily pitching for Marlins. Descalso grounded out to second. Lamb grounded out to third. Pollock struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Rojas lined out to center. Straily doubled to right. Gordon flied out to left. Stanton singled to deep center, Straily scored, Stanton out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Straily pitching for Marlins. Herrmann struck out swinging. Corbin tripled to deep right. Peralta struck out swinging. Marte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Yelich grounded out to first. Ozuna walked. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ozuna out at second. Bour walked, Realmuto to second. Anderson hit ground rule double to deep right, Realmuto scored, Bour to third. Rojas intentionally walked. Straily grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Straily pitching for Marlins. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Martinez singled to center. Descalso fouled out to catcher. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon struck out swinging. Stanton grounded out to pitcher. Yelich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Straily pitching for Marlins. Pollock lined out to right. Herrmann homered to right (365 feet). Corbin grounded out to second. Peralta walked. Marte grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Bour struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Straily pitching for Marlins. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Martinez struck out swinging. Descalso walked. Lamb doubled to right, Descalso to third. Pollock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Rojas bunt grounded out to pitcher. Moore hit for Straily. Moore singled to left center. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. O'Grady pitching for Marlins. Herrmann flied out to center. Walker hit for Chafin. Walker grounded out to first. Peralta singled to right center. Marte fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton walked. Yelich lined out to center. Ozuna grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stanton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Ziegler pitching for Marlins. Goldschmidt singled to center, Goldschmidt to second on error by left fielder Ozuna. Martinez struck out swinging. Descalso singled to center, Goldschmidt scored. Lamb lined out to left. Descalso stole second. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks. Realmuto struck out swinging. Bour struck out swinging. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Herrmann walked. Negrón hit for Rodney. Negrón sacrificed to first, Herrmann to second, Negrón safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Nicolino. Herrmann to third on throwing error by pitcher Nicolino. Peralta intentionally walked, Negrón to second. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Herrmann out at home, Negrón to third, Peralta to second. Guerra pitching for Marlins. Dietrich at third base. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Negrón out at home, Peralta to third, Marte to second. Martinez singled to deep left, Peralta scored, Marte to third, Goldschmidt to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Marlins 2 - Diamondbacks 3.	D-backs get clutch win, to host wild-card game