Twins - Top 1st . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Span struck out looking . Nishioka struck out looking . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Escobar grounded out to third . Rivera singled to left center . Bautista singled to left , Rivera to second . Lind grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Morneau grounded out to second . Cuddyer lined out to shortstop . Kubel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion flied out to center . Snider singled to right . Arencibia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Valencia homered to left ( 377 feet ) . Butera fouled out to right . Tolbert grounded out to shortstop . Span walked . Nishioka popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . McCoy bunt grounded out to pitcher . Escobar walked . Rivera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Young popped out to second . Morneau flied out to center . Cuddyer safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Encarnacion . Cuddyer out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Kubel batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Bautista struck out swinging . Lind singled to center . Hill grounded out to third , Lind to second . Encarnacion safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Nishioka , Lind scored . Snider struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Top 5th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Kubel singled to center . Valencia walked , Kubel to second . Butera reached on bunt single to pitcher , Kubel to third , Valencia to second . Tolbert singled to left , Kubel scored , Valencia thrown out at home , Butera to second . Span singled to left center , Butera to third , Tolbert to second . Nishioka singled to left center , Butera scored , Tolbert to third , Span to second . Young popped out to second . Morneau flied out to left . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Arencibia flied out to center . McCoy reached on infield single to shortstop . Escobar grounded out to third , McCoy to second . Rivera popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Cuddyer singled to center . Kubel singled to right , Cuddyer to third . Valencia struck out looking . Butera flied out to right . Tolbert grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Bautista homered to left ( 399 feet ) . Lind grounded out to first . Hill grounded out to third . Encarnacion safe at first on error by third baseman Valencia . Mijares pitching for Twins . Snider struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Top 7th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Span grounded out to second . Nishioka struck out looking . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Mijares pitching for Twins . Arencibia walked . McCoy walked , Arencibia to second . Capps pitching for Twins . Escobar sacrificed to pitcher , Arencibia to third , McCoy to second . Rivera grounded out to pitcher . Bautista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Morneau reached on infield single to third . Casilla ran for Morneau . Cuddyer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Casilla out at second . Kubel hit by pitch . Repko ran for Kubel . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Valencia safe at second on error by third baseman Encarnacion , Repko to third . Butera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Repko in right field . Perkins pitching for Twins . Lind flied out to center . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Rauch pitching for Blue Jays . Tolbert fouled out to third . Span homered to right ( 407 feet ) . Nishioka walked . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Nishioka out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Snider reached on infield single to second . Arencibia flied out to left . McCoy doubled to right , Snider to third . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center , Snider scored , McCoy to third . Rivera walked . Nix ran for Rivera . Bautista walked , Nix to second . Lind grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 4 - Blue Jays 3 .	Nathan , Twins hold off Blue Jays for first win