Padres - Top 1st . Duensing pitching for Twins . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . Bartlett singled to left center . Headley singled to right , Bartlett to second . Ludwick grounded out to third , Bartlett to third , Headley to second . Maybin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Revere safe at first on error by second baseman Gonzalez . Casilla singled to right , Revere to second . Revere caught stealing third , catcher to third . Casilla to second on wild pitch by Richard . Mauer singled to center , Casilla scored , Mauer to second on throwing error by center fielder Maybin . Cuddyer hit ground rule double to left , Mauer scored . Young walked . Cuddyer to third , Young to second on passed ball by Hundley . Valencia homered to left ( 403 feet ) , Cuddyer and Young scored . Nishioka flied out to right . Hughes struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Guzman flied out to center . Rizzo flied out to right . Hundley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Repko struck out swinging . Revere reached on infield single to shortstop . Casilla singled to right , Revere to second . Mauer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Casilla out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Gonzalez singled to center . Denorfia grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Gonzalez out at second . Bartlett flied out to right . Headley doubled to deep right , Denorfia scored . Ludwick flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Cuddyer fouled out to first . Young flied out to right . Valencia grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Maybin out on batter 's interference to catcher . Duensing pitching for Twins . Maybin batting . Guzman flied out to right . Rizzo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Nishioka grounded out to third . Hughes grounded out to shortstop . Repko singled to right , Repko to second on throwing error by right fielder Denorfia . Revere singled to left center , Repko scored , Revere to second advancing on throw . Casilla grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 5th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Hundley struck out swinging . Gonzalez walked . Denorfia singled to right , Gonzalez to second . Bartlett struck out looking . Headley doubled to left , Gonzalez scored , Denorfia to third . Ludwick grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Mauer grounded out to pitcher . Cuddyer flied out to left . Young singled to right . Valencia lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Maybin flied out to left . Guzman reached on infield single to first . Rizzo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guzman out at second , Rizzo to second on throwing error by shortstop Nishioka . Hundley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 6th . Richard pitching for Padres . Nishioka doubled to center . Hughes walked . Neshek pitching for Padres . Repko flied out to right . Revere flied out to right . Casilla walked , Nishioka to third , Hughes to second . Mauer lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Denorfia grounded out to third . Bartlett singled to left . Headley singled to right , Bartlett to second . Ludwick homered to left ( 393 feet ) , Bartlett and Headley scored . Maybin struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Frieri pitching for Padres . Cuddyer fouled out to first . Young popped out to second . Valencia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Guzman singled to center . Rizzo grounded out to second , Guzman to second . Venable ran for Guzman . Hundley struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Denorfia in left field . Venable in right field . Frieri pitching for Padres . Nishioka struck out swinging . Hughes popped out to shortstop . Repko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Twins . Denorfia flied out to center . Bartlett flied out to left . Headley grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 5 - Twins 6 .	Valencia , Twins nip Padres in Mauer 's return