Twins - Top 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Repko struck out swinging . Casilla flied out to center . Mauer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Kinsler grounded out to third . Andrus reached on infield single to pitcher . Hamilton doubled to left , Andrus scored . Young homered to right ( 385 feet ) , Hamilton scored . Cruz singled to center . Davis lined out to third . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Cuddyer singled to center . Kubel grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cuddyer safe at second on error by third baseman Davis . Valencia flied out to center , Cuddyer to third . Young grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kubel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Moreland grounded out to second . Chavez singled to left . Kinsler doubled to left , Chavez to third , Chavez scored , Kinsler to third on throwing error by left fielder Young . Andrus grounded out to third . Hamilton doubled to deep right , Kinsler scored . Young singled to right , Hamilton scored . Cruz flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Plouffe flied out to left . Nishioka flied out to right . Repko popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Davis safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Nishioka . Napoli singled to center , Davis to second . Davis to third , Napoli to second on wild pitch by Blackburn . Moreland grounded out to first . Chavez flied out to right . Kinsler homered to left ( 400 feet ) , Davis and Napoli scored . Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop . Mijares pitching for Twins . Hamilton grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 4th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Casilla singled to left . Mauer grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Casilla safe at third on error by shortstop Andrus . Cuddyer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Casilla scored , Mauer out at second . Kubel singled to center . Valencia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kubel out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Mijares pitching for Twins . Young singled to center . Cruz doubled to deep left , Young to third . Davis fouled out to third . Napoli intentionally walked . Moreland doubled to deep right , Young and Cruz scored , Napoli to third . Chavez reached on infield single to shortstop , Napoli scored , Moreland to third . Kinsler singled to center , Moreland scored , Chavez to second . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Chavez safe at third on error by pitcher Mijares , Kinsler to second . James pitching for Twins . Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to center , Chavez scored . Young lined out to right . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Young singled to center . Plouffe struck out swinging . Nishioka grounded out to third , Young to second . Repko reached on infield single to pitcher , Young to third . Casilla grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Repko out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . James pitching for Twins . Cruz singled to left . Davis struck out swinging . Napoli singled to left center , Cruz to second . Moreland singled to right , Cruz to third , Napoli to second . Chavez singled to right , Cruz and Napoli scored , Moreland to second . Dumatrait pitching for Twins . Kinsler singled to left , Moreland to third , Chavez to second . Andrus doubled to center , Moreland and Chavez scored , Kinsler to third . Hamilton flied out to left . Young struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Murphy in left field . Quintanilla at second base . Holland pitching for Rangers . Mauer flied out to left . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Kubel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Dumatrait pitching for Twins . Cruz grounded out to third . Davis struck out swinging . Napoli singled to left . Moreland walked , Napoli to second . Chavez grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Valencia singled to center . Young doubled to left , Valencia to third . Plouffe popped out to first . Nishioka safe at first on error by third baseman Davis , Valencia scored . Repko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Nishioka out at second , Young to third . Casilla fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Mauer at first base . Cuddyer in right field . Butera catching . Plouffe in left field . Burnett pitching for Twins . Kinsler flied out to center . Andrus walked . Murphy struck out swinging . Quintanilla tripled to deep center , Andrus scored . Cruz doubled to deep center , Quintanilla scored . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Rhodes pitching for Rangers . Mauer flied out to left . Cuddyer walked . Kubel homered to right ( 449 feet ) , Cuddyer scored . Valencia doubled to deep left . Butera flied out to right . Plouffe doubled to deep left center , Valencia scored . Nishioka grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Cuddyer pitching for Twins . Kubel in right field . Napoli doubled to deep center . Moreland singled to shallow center . Chavez grounded out to first , Napoli to third , Moreland to second . Kinsler walked . Andrus flied out to left . Murphy popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Repko singled to center . Casilla walked , Repko to second . Mauer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Casilla out at second , Repko to third . Cuddyer safe at first on error by pitcher Feliz , Repko scored . Kubel flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 6 - Rangers 20 .	Rangers ' 27 hits spur 20 - 6 rout