Twins - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Revere grounded out to shortstop . Casilla grounded out to third . Cuddyer doubled to left . Kubel walked . Valencia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Pavano pitching for Twins . Kinsler lined out to shortstop . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . Hamilton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Plouffe doubled to left , Young to third . Nishioka grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Young out at home , Plouffe to third . Butera singled to left , Plouffe scored , Nishioka to second . Revere reached on infield single to shortstop , Nishioka to third , Butera to second . Casilla grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Nishioka scored , Revere out at second , Butera to third . Cuddyer singled to left , Butera scored , Casilla to second . Casilla stole third , Cuddyer stole second . Kubel grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Pavano pitching for Twins . Young singled to center , Young to second on error by center fielder Revere . Cruz doubled to right , Young scored . Moreland doubled to deep right , Cruz scored . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop , Moreland to third . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Moreland out at home , Davis to second . Chavez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Valencia grounded out to third . Young flied out to right . Plouffe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Pavano pitching for Twins . Kinsler grounded out to third . Andrus grounded out to second . Hamilton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Nishioka grounded out to second . Butera struck out swinging . Revere grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Young walked . Cruz doubled to deep left center , Young scored . Moreland singled to deep right , Cruz to third . Torrealba homered to left ( 417 feet ) , Cruz and Moreland scored . Davis singled to right center . Chavez sacrificed to catcher , Davis to second . Kinsler lined out to third . Andrus singled to center , Davis scored . Andrus stole second . Hamilton struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Casilla walked . Casilla stole second . Cuddyer walked . Kubel walked , Casilla to third , Cuddyer to second . Valencia singled to left , Casilla and Cuddyer scored , Kubel to second , Kubel to third , Valencia to second on throwing error by left fielder Hamilton . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Young struck out swinging . Plouffe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kubel out at home , Valencia to third . Nishioka reached on infield single to third , Valencia scored , Plouffe to second . Butera fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Young grounded out to pitcher . Cruz walked . Moreland flied out to center . Cruz stole second . Torrealba singled to right , Cruz scored . Davis grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Revere walked . Casilla sacrificed to catcher , Revere to second . Cuddyer grounded out to second , Revere to third . Kubel singled to left center , Revere scored . Valencia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Chavez grounded out to second . Kinsler struck out looking . Andrus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Tateyama pitching for Rangers . Young walked . Plouffe struck out swinging . Nishioka popped out to second . Butera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Capps pitching for Twins . Hamilton struck out swinging . Young flied out to center . Cruz singled to left center . Moreland popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Revere singled to center . Casilla grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Revere out at second . Cuddyer popped out to first . Kubel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Capps pitching for Twins . Torrealba singled to right . Davis singled to center , Torrealba to second . Perkins pitching for Twins . Chavez bunt popped out foul to catcher . Kinsler struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Valencia grounded out to shortstop . Young singled to center . Thome hit for Plouffe . Thome doubled to deep left , Young to third . Repko ran for Thome . Nishioka safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus , Young scored , Repko to third . Mauer hit for Butera . Mauer doubled to left center , Repko scored , Nishioka to third . Revere walked . Lowe pitching for Rangers . Casilla grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Nishioka out at home , Mauer to third , Revere to second . Cuddyer lined out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Repko in right field . Mauer catching . Nathan pitching for Twins . Hamilton singled to right . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hamilton out at second . Cruz hit by pitch , Young to second . Moreland struck out swinging . Murphy hit for Torrealba . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 9 - Rangers 8 .	Mauer , Twins rally by Rangers day after rout