Twins - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Revere reached on infield single to second . Plouffe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Revere out at second . Mauer singled to right , Plouffe to second . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Kubel doubled to deep left , Plouffe and Mauer scored . Young grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Liriano pitching for Twins . Weeks flied out to center . Crisp reached on infield single to shortstop . Matsui fouled out to third . Willingham homered to left ( 404 feet ) , Crisp scored . Jackson lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Hughes walked . Tolbert grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hughes out at second . Butera struck out looking , Tolbert stole second . Revere grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Liriano pitching for Twins . DeJesus grounded out to second . Sizemore grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Plouffe safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Sizemore . Mauer grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Plouffe safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Gonzalez . Cuddyer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Plouffe scored , Mauer out at second . Kubel struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Liriano pitching for Twins . Pennington grounded out to third . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Crisp struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Young grounded out to pitcher . Hughes grounded out to second . Tolbert singled to left . Butera popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Matsui doubled to deep left . Willingham grounded out to second , Matsui to third . Jackson walked . DeJesus grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Revere reached on bunt single to second . Revere stole second . Plouffe singled to center , Revere scored . Mauer singled to left , Plouffe to second . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Kubel flied into double play , center to second , Plouffe doubled off second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Sizemore struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to third . Pennington reached on infield single to shortstop . Weeks reached on infield single to shortstop , Pennington to second . Crisp fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Young singled to right . Hughes struck out looking . Tolbert singled to left center , Young to second . Butera walked , Young to third , Tolbert to second . Revere walked , Young scored , Tolbert to third , Butera to second . De Los Santos pitching for Athletics . Plouffe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tolbert out at home , Butera to third , Revere to second . Mauer flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Matsui singled to center . Willingham walked , Matsui to second . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Willingham out at second , Matsui to third . DeJesus grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . De Los Santos pitching for Athletics . Cuddyer flied out to right . Kubel struck out looking . Young walked . Hughes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Sizemore flied out to left . Suzuki struck out swinging . Pennington flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Tolbert fouled out to third . Butera doubled to deep left . Revere struck out looking . Plouffe singled to left , Butera scored , Plouffe to second advancing on throw . Mauer intentionally walked . Cuddyer homered to left ( 381 feet ) , Plouffe and Mauer scored . Kubel walked . Young walked , Kubel to second . Hughes hit by pitch , Kubel to third , Young to second . Fuentes pitching for Athletics . Tolbert grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Mijares pitching for Twins . Weeks flied out to center . Crisp walked . Crisp to second on fielder 's indifference . Matsui singled to right , Crisp to third . Willingham homered to left center ( 381 feet ) , Crisp and Matsui scored . Jackson grounded out to third . DeJesus struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Magnuson pitching for Athletics . Butera flied out to right . Revere grounded out to pitcher . Plouffe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Sizemore walked . Suzuki struck out looking . Perkins pitching for Twins . Pennington struck out swinging . Weeks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 9 - Athletics 5 .	Liriano rebounds , helps Twins stay hot , beat A 's