Tigers - Top 1st . Diamond pitching for Twins . Jackson struck out swinging . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Young flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Revere singled to center . Revere stole second . Plouffe grounded out to second , Revere to third . Morneau walked . Cuddyer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Morneau out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Cabrera singled to left . Martinez singled to center , Cabrera to second . Avila struck out swinging . Peralta popped out to second . Raburn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Kubel walked . Valencia singled to left , Kubel to second . Tosoni hit by pitch , Kubel to third , Valencia to second . Tolbert grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Kubel out at home , Valencia to third , Tosoni to second . Butera singled to right , Valencia scored , Tosoni to third . Revere grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Inge singled to center . Jackson singled to left center , Inge to second . Ordonez flied out to right , Inge to third . Young reached on fielding error by second baseman Tolbert , Inge scored , Jackson to second . Cabrera singled to left , Jackson to third , Young to second . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to right , Jackson scored , Young to third . Avila struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Plouffe singled to left . Morneau grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Plouffe out at second . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Peralta grounded out to third . Raburn singled to left , Raburn out stretching at second . Inge grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Kubel struck out looking . Valencia singled to left . Tosoni struck out swinging . Tolbert lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Jackson flied out to center . Ordonez grounded out to first . Young popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Butera popped out to third . Revere walked . Plouffe grounded out to third , Revere to second . Morneau flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Cabrera doubled to deep right center . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Avila reached on infield single to second , Cabrera to third . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Avila out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Cuddyer flied out to right . Kubel singled to right . Valencia fouled out to first . Tosoni reached on infield single to second , Kubel to second . Tolbert struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Raburn singled to left . Inge sacrificed to pitcher , Raburn to second . Jackson walked . Ordonez singled to right , Raburn to third , Jackson to second . Santiago ran for Ordonez . Perkins pitching for Twins . Young reached on infield single to third , Raburn scored , Jackson to third , Santiago to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Martinez hit ground rule double to deep center , Jackson and Santiago scored , Young to third . Avila grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Santiago at second base . Raburn in right field . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Butera struck out swinging . Coke pitching for Tigers . Revere grounded out to pitcher . Plouffe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Oliveros pitching for Twins . Peralta singled to right . Raburn singled to left , Peralta to second . Inge flied out to center . Jackson intentionally walked . Santiago hit sacrifice fly to left , Peralta scored . Young singled to center , Raburn scored , Jackson to second . Cabrera walked , Jackson to third , Young to second . Dumatrait pitching for Twins . Martinez walked , Jackson scored , Young to third , Cabrera to second . Avila struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 8th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Morneau struck out swinging . Cuddyer grounded out to second . Kubel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Peralta flied out to center . Raburn fouled out to first . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Santiago at shortstop . Worth at second base . Perry pitching for Tigers . Valencia fouled out to first . Tosoni grounded out to second . Tolbert flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 8 - Twins 1 .	Young , Tigers hand Twins sixth straight loss