Indians - Top 1st . Pavano pitching for Twins . Fukudome struck out looking . Kipnis safe at first on error by pitcher Pavano . Santana struck out swinging . Kipnis stole second . Thome struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Revere grounded out to third . Plouffe struck out swinging . Cuddyer safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Donald . Cuddyer stole second . Parmelee lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 2nd . Pavano pitching for Twins . Duncan fouled out to third . Chisenhall singled to center . Donald struck out looking . Carrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Hughes singled to center . Dinkelman singled to right , Hughes to third . Benson grounded out to third , Hughes scored , Dinkelman to second . Repko fouled out to third . Butera grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Pavano pitching for Twins . Marson reached on infield single to second . Fukudome grounded out to second , Marson to second . Kipnis grounded out to first , Marson to third . Santana grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Revere singled to center . Plouffe struck out looking . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Parmelee flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Thome struck out looking . Duncan grounded out to third . Chisenhall fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Hughes reached on infield single to pitcher . Dinkelman singled to right , Hughes to second . Benson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dinkelman out at second , Hughes to third . Benson stole second . Hughes scored , Benson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Marson . Repko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Benson out at home . Butera fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 5th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Donald flied out to center . Carrera grounded out to second . Marson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Revere grounded out to first . Plouffe walked . Cuddyer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Plouffe out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Fukudome singled to left . Kipnis flied out to center . Fukudome stole second . Santana flied out to right , Fukudome to third . Thome struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Parmelee safe at first on error by shortstop Donald . Hughes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Parmelee out at second , Hughes to second on throwing error by second baseman Kipnis . Hughes to third on passed ball by Marson . Dinkelman singled to right , Hughes scored . Benson singled to center , Dinkelman to second . Repko hit by pitch , Dinkelman to third , Benson to second . Tolbert ran for Repko . Butera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tolbert out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Dinkelman in right field . Tolbert at second base . Pavano pitching for Twins . Duncan homered to left ( 381 feet ) . Chisenhall safe at first on error by first baseman Parmelee . Donald flied out to right . Carrera grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Chisenhall out at second . Marson singled to right center , Carrera to third . Fukudome walked , Marson to second . Mijares pitching for Twins . Kipnis walked , Carrera scored , Marson to third , Fukudome to second . Burnett pitching for Twins . Santana walked , Marson scored , Fukudome to third , Kipnis to second . Perkins pitching for Twins . Thome reached on infield single to shortstop , Fukudome scored , Kipnis to third , Santana to second . Phelps ran for Thome . Duncan doubled to deep left , Kipnis and Santana scored , Phelps to third . Chisenhall grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 7th . Crowe in left field . Smith pitching for Indians . Revere grounded out to pitcher . Plouffe grounded out to pitcher . Cuddyer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Dumatrait pitching for Twins . Donald walked . Carrera reached on bunt single to first , Donald to second . Marson struck out swinging . Fukudome struck out looking . Kipnis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Parmelee doubled to deep right center . Hughes struck out swinging . Dinkelman singled to center , Parmelee to third . Pestano pitching for Indians . Benson struck out swinging . Tolbert hit by pitch , Dinkelman to second . Valencia hit for Butera . Valencia walked , Parmelee scored , Dinkelman to third , Tolbert to second . Revere walked , Dinkelman scored , Tolbert to third , Valencia to second . Plouffe popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Rivera catching . Nathan pitching for Twins . Santana grounded out to second . Phelps fouled out to right . Crowe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . LaPorta at first base . Perez pitching for Indians . Cuddyer popped out to second . Parmelee singled to center . Hughes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Parmelee out at second . Dinkelman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 6 - Twins 5 .	Duncan leads Indians ' rally in win against Twins