Twins - Top 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Revere reached on infield single to second . Plouffe walked , Revere to second . Cuddyer grounded out to first , Revere to third , Plouffe to second . Parmelee singled to shallow right center , Revere and Plouffe scored . Hughes hit by pitch , Parmelee to second . Dinkelman struck out swinging . Tosoni grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Pavano pitching for Twins . Fukudome singled to left . Kipnis grounded out to first , Fukudome to second . Cabrera fouled out to third . Thome doubled to left , Fukudome scored . Duncan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Benson struck out swinging . Butera walked . Revere popped out to third . Plouffe doubled to deep left , Butera to third . Cuddyer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Pavano pitching for Twins . Chisenhall singled to right . LaPorta doubled to right center , Chisenhall scored . Carrera sacrificed to catcher , LaPorta to third . Marson grounded out to shortstop . Fukudome grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Parmelee homered to right ( 405 feet ) . Hughes struck out swinging . Dinkelman singled to right . Tosoni walked , Dinkelman to second . Benson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tosoni out at second , Dinkelman to third , Dinkelman scored on throwing error by second baseman Kipnis . Butera grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Pavano pitching for Twins . Kipnis walked . Cabrera flied out to left . Thome homered to center ( 445 feet ) , Kipnis scored . Duncan grounded out to shortstop . Chisenhall struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Revere grounded out to second . Plouffe struck out swinging . Cuddyer safe at second on error by left fielder Duncan . Parmelee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Pavano pitching for Twins . LaPorta singled to right . Carrera lined out to left . Marson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LaPorta out at second . Fukudome grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Hughes walked . Dinkelman walked , Hughes to second . Tosoni hit by pitch , Hughes to third , Dinkelman to second . Benson grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Hughes out at home , Dinkelman to third , Tosoni to second . Butera walked . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Revere fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Kipnis grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Thome reached on infield single to third . Duncan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Thome out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Plouffe flied out to center . Cuddyer singled to shallow right . Perez pitching for Indians . Parmelee grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cuddyer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Chisenhall doubled to deep right . LaPorta singled to center , Chisenhall scored . Carrera grounded out to pitcher , LaPorta to second . Marson singled to right , LaPorta to third . Fukudome grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Marson out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Crowe in left field . Perez pitching for Indians . Hughes doubled to deep left . Dinkelman fouled out to catcher . Tosoni doubled to deep center , Hughes scored . Smith pitching for Indians . Benson singled to center , Tosoni to third , Benson to second advancing on throw . Butera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tosoni out at home , Benson to third . Revere grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Tolbert at second base . Dinkelman in right field . Pavano pitching for Twins . Kipnis grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera hit by pitch . Dumatrait pitching for Twins . Thome grounded out to first , Cabrera to second . Crowe grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Pestano pitching for Indians . Plouffe fouled out to catcher . Tolbert grounded out to second . Parmelee flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Dumatrait pitching for Twins . Chisenhall struck out swinging . LaPorta lined out to second . Carrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Hughes popped out to shortstop . Dinkelman popped out to shortstop . Tosoni popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Capps pitching for Twins . Santana hit for Marson . Santana homered to right center ( 418 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 5 - Indians 6 .	Santana 's pinch - hit , walk - off homer lifts Indians