Brewers - Top 1st. Holland pitching for Pirates. Cain singled to center. Hiura grounded out to third, Cain to second. Yelich struck out swinging. Braun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Lindblom pitching for Brewers. Frazier lined out to second. Newman struck out swinging. Bell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Holland pitching for Pirates. Gyorko struck out looking. García walked. Smoak fouled out to third. García picked off first. Derek Holland pitches to Manny Pina. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Lindblom pitching for Brewers. Moran walked. Reynolds singled to left center, Moran to third. Evans struck out swinging. Heredia struck out swinging, Reynolds stole second. Tucker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Holland pitching for Pirates. Piña lined out to right. Arcia struck out swinging. Cain grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Lindblom pitching for Brewers. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Frazier popped out to second. Newman lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Holland pitching for Pirates. Hiura hit by pitch. Yelich grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hiura out at second. Braun walked. Braun to second on wild pitch by Holland. Gyorko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Lindblom pitching for Brewers. Bell grounded out to third. Moran walked. Reynolds doubled to deep right, Moran to third. Evans walked. Heredia singled to left, Moran scored and Reynolds scored, Evans to second. Tucker struck out swinging. Yardley pitching for Brewers. Murphy grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Holland pitching for Pirates. García flied out to center. Smoak popped out to second. Piña flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Yardley pitching for Brewers. Frazier grounded out to pitcher. Newman grounded out to third. Suter pitching for Brewers. Bell singled to center. Moran struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Holland pitching for Pirates. Arcia lined out to center. Cain walked. Hiura homered to center (421 feet), Cain scored. Yelich grounded out to shortstop. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Braun struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Suter pitching for Brewers. Reynolds struck out looking. Evans flied out to center. Heredia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Sogard hit for Gyorko. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Sogard walked. García walked, Sogard to second. Del Pozo pitching for Pirates. Smoak walked, García to second, Sogard to third. Piña walked, Sogard scored, Smoak to second, García to third. Arcia doubled to deep right, García scored and Smoak scored, Piña to third. Cain walked. Hartlieb pitching for Pirates. Hiura sacrificed into double play, center to third, Piña scored, Arcia thrown out at third. Yelich struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Sogard at third base. Suter pitching for Brewers. Tucker singled to right. Murphy singled to center, Tucker to second. Frazier hit by pitch, Murphy to second, Tucker to third. Newman walked, Tucker scored, Frazier to second, Murphy to third. Bell popped out to shortstop. Moran grounded into fielder's choice to first, Frazier scored on error and Murphy scored, Newman safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Smoak, Newman safe at third on error. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Reynolds struck out swinging. Evans doubled to center, Newman scored, Moran to third. Polanco hit for Heredia. Polanco struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 8th. Dyson in center field. Hartlieb pitching for Pirates. Braun reached on bunt single to catcher, Braun safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Hartlieb. Sogard singled to left, Braun to third. García flied into double play, left to catcher, Sogard to second, Braun thrown out at home. Smoak grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Wahl pitching for Brewers. Tucker doubled to deep left center. Murphy sacrificed to pitcher, Tucker to third. Frazier homered to right (398 feet), Tucker scored. Newman flied out to right. Bell flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Narváez hit for Piña. Burdi pitching for Pirates. Narváez walked. Gamel hit for Arcia. Gamel struck out swinging. Cain grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Narváez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 6 - Pirates 8.	Frazier hits go-ahead homer in 8th, Pirates edge Brewers 8-6