Brewers - Top 1st. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Sogard flied out to left. Hiura grounded out to second. Yelich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Houser pitching for Brewers. González struck out swinging. Newman lined out to right. Bell walked. Moran grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Smoak struck out swinging. Gamel homered to right (425 feet). Narváez grounded out to first. Urías grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Houser pitching for Brewers. Reynolds homered to right (398 feet). Polanco grounded out to second. Tucker reached on infield single to second. Frazier grounded into fielder's choice to first, Tucker out at second. Frazier caught stealing second, catcher to second. Adrian Houser pitches to John Ryan Murphy. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Holt flied out to center. Arcia walked. Sogard grounded out to shortstop, Arcia to second. Hiura grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Murphy continues to at bat after dropped foul ball by third baseman Sogard. Houser pitching for Brewers. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. González grounded out to third. Newman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Yelich lined out to left. Smoak walked. Gamel singled to left, Smoak to second. Narváez flied out to center. Urías lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Houser pitching for Brewers. Bell singled to center. Moran singled to shallow left center, Bell to third. Reynolds reached on infield single to shortstop, Bell scored on error, Moran to second, Reynolds to second, Moran safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Arcia. Polanco singled to center, Moran scored, Reynolds to third. Tucker reached on infield single to shortstop, Reynolds scored, Polanco to second. Frazier grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tucker out at second, Polanco to third. Murphy grounded into double play, second to first, Frazier out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 5th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Holt walked. Arcia grounded out to third, Holt to second. Sogard grounded out to first, Holt to third. Hiura grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Houser pitching for Brewers. González grounded out to third. Newman grounded out to shortstop. Bell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Howard pitching for Pirates. Yelich grounded out to second. Smoak lined out to right. Gamel singled to center. Narváez walked, Gamel to second. Hartlieb pitching for Pirates. Urías walked, Narváez to second, Gamel to third. Holt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Urías out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Houser pitching for Brewers. Moran singled to center. Reynolds grounded out to second, Moran to second. Polanco struck out swinging. Tucker popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Hartlieb pitching for Pirates. Arcia lined out to right. Sogard grounded out to first. Hiura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Houser pitching for Brewers. Frazier grounded out to second. Murphy singled to left. González grounded into fielder's choice to third, Murphy out at second. Newman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, González out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Yelich homered to left (396 feet). Smoak grounded out to shortstop. Gamel struck out looking. Narváez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Claudio pitching for Brewers. Bell singled to right. Moran reached on bunt single to third, Bell to second. Reynolds tripled to deep left center, Bell scored and Moran scored. Polanco struck out swinging. Tucker singled to center, Reynolds scored. Frazier singled to right center, Tucker to third. Murphy struck out swinging. Frazier to second on wild pitch by Claudio. González lined out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Dyson in center field. Tucker in right field. Kela pitching for Pirates. Urías singled to center. Bashlor pitching for Pirates. Holt grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Urías out at second. Arcia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 2 - Pirates 7.	Kuhl earns first win in 2 years as Pirates top Brewers 7-2