Pirates - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Brewers. González singled to right. Tucker reached on infield single to first, González to third. Newman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Newman to second, Tucker to third, González out at home in rundown. Bell hit sacrifice fly to right, Tucker scored, Newman to third. Stallings struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Urías struck out looking. Yelich homered to right (460 feet). Hiura grounded out to second. Smoak flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Frazier reached on infield single to first. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Frazier out at second. Osuna fouled out to first. Riddle doubled to shallow left, Reynolds to third. González struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Narváez struck out swinging. Gamel doubled to center. Arcia singled to right, Gamel to third. Peterson walked, Arcia to second. Sogard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Peterson to second, Arcia to third, Gamel out at home. Urías walked, Arcia scored, Sogard to second, Peterson to third. Yelich lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Tucker singled to center. Newman grounded out to second, Tucker to second. Bell grounded out to second, Tucker to third. Stallings doubled to deep right center, Tucker scored. Frazier grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Hiura struck out swinging. Smoak walked. Narváez flied out to center. Gamel grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Reynolds grounded out to third. Osuna grounded out to second. Riddle flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Arcia flied out to right. Peterson grounded out to second. Sogard lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. González tripled to deep center. Tucker fouled out to catcher. Newman hit sacrifice fly to center, González scored. Bell homered to center (413 feet). Stallings struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Urías struck out swinging. Yelich struck out swinging. Hiura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Frazier singled to left. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Reynolds fouled out to left, Frazier to second. Frazier to third on wild pitch by Peralta. Osuna struck out swinging. Riddle grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Howard pitching for Pirates. Smoak grounded out to pitcher. Narváez struck out swinging. Gamel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Yardley pitching for Brewers. González walked. Tucker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, González out at second. Newman walked. Bell reached on infield single to third, Newman to second. Stallings grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Arcia homered to center (395 feet). Peterson struck out swinging. Sogard grounded out to first. Urías grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Claudio pitching for Brewers. Frazier grounded out to second. Reynolds walked. Osuna popped out to shortstop. Riddle grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Turley pitching for Pirates. Yelich doubled to right. Hiura hit by pitch. Gyorko hit for Smoak. Gyorko struck out swinging. Braun hit for Narváez. Braun popped out to second. García hit for Gamel. García doubled to third, Hiura scored and Yelich scored. Arcia flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Gyorko at first base. Nottingham catching. García in center field. Hader pitching for Brewers. González walked. Tucker struck out swinging. Newman walked, González to second. Newman to second on passed ball by Nottingham, González to third on passed ball by Nottingham. Bell walked. Stallings walked, González scored, Bell to second, Newman to third. Frazier walked, Newman scored, Stallings to second, Bell to third. Williams pitching for Brewers. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to first, Frazier to second, Stallings to third, Bell out at home. Polanco hit for Osuna. Polanco lined out to right. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Polanco as designated hitter. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Peterson walked. Sogard homered to right (380 feet), Peterson scored. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Brewers 7.	Sogard bails out Hader, lifts Brewers with 1st walkoff HR