Brewers - Top 1st. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Gamel singled to center. Hiura walked, Gamel to second. Yelich struck out swinging. Gyorko struck out looking. Vogelbach struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Burnes pitching for Brewers. Hernández doubled to deep center. Ramírez popped out to second. Lindor grounded out to pitcher. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Arcia grounded out to second. Peterson struck out swinging. Urías grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Burnes pitching for Brewers. Reyes struck out swinging. Naquin grounded out to shortstop. Naylor grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Nottingham walked. Gamel grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nottingham out at second. Hiura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Burnes pitching for Brewers. Hedges struck out swinging. DeShields grounded out to pitcher. Hernández struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Yelich grounded out to second. Gyorko singled to right. Vogelbach singled to left, Gyorko to second. Arcia lined out to right. Peterson walked, Vogelbach to second, Gyorko to third. Urías reached on infield single to catcher, Gyorko scored, Peterson to second, Vogelbach to third. Nottingham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Urías out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Burnes pitching for Brewers. Ramírez struck out swinging. Lindor grounded out to shortstop. Santana struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Gamel singled to left center. Hiura grounded into double play, second to first, Gamel out at second. Yelich struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Burnes pitching for Brewers. Reyes walked. Naquin singled to right center, Reyes to second. Naylor singled to center, Naquin to second, Reyes to third. Hedges struck out swinging. DeShields grounded into fielder's choice to third, Naquin scored on throwing error by catcher Nottingham, Naylor safe at third on error, Reyes out at home. DeShields stole second. Hernández grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Gyorko lined out to left. Vogelbach singled to center. Arcia struck out swinging. Peterson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Burnes pitching for Brewers. Ramírez flied out to right. Lindor struck out swinging. Santana grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Maton pitching for Indians. Urías walked. Nottingham struck out looking. Gamel singled to deep right, Urías to third. Hiura doubled to deep right, Urías scored, Gamel to third. Pérez pitching for Indians. Gamel scored on error and Hiura scored on error, Yelich safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Santana, Yelich safe at second on error. Gyorko walked. Taylor ran for Gyorko. Braun hit for Vogelbach. Braun singled to center, Yelich scored, Taylor to second. Arcia flied out to center. Mathias hit for Peterson. Mathias lined out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. Gamel in right field. Taylor in center field. Braun as designated hitter. Mathias at first base. Burnes pitching for Brewers. Reyes walked. Suter pitching for Brewers. Naquin struck out swinging. Naylor grounded out to pitcher, Reyes to second. Hedges struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Mercado in center field. Karinchak pitching for Indians. Urías singled to left center. Nottingham reached on infield single to second, Urías hit by batted ball out at second. Gamel struck out swinging, Nottingham to second on wild pitch by Karinchak. Hiura homered to left (415 feet), Nottingham scored. Yelich walked. Taylor struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Suter pitching for Brewers. Mercado singled to center. Hernández grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mercado out at second. Ramírez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Cimber pitching for Indians. Braun grounded out to shortstop. Arcia flied out to right. Mathias fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Claudio pitching for Brewers. Lindor lined out to center. Santana flied out to right. Reyes grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 7 - Indians 1.	Burnes strong, Hiura drives in 3 as Brewers down Indians 7-1