Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Drew hit ground rule double to deep right center . Upton struck out looking . LaRoche grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal singled to right center . Furcal stole second . Kemp walked . Ethier reached on infield single to first , Furcal to third , Kemp to second , Furcal scored , Kemp to third on error by pitcher Lopez . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to right , Kemp scored . Loney grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ethier out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Reynolds popped out to shortstop . Young struck out looking . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Blake struck out looking . DeWitt grounded out to third . Martin singled to left center . Billingsley singled to center , Martin to second . Furcal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Snyder grounded out to third . Lopez struck out swinging . Jackson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp singled to left . Kemp stole second . Ethier flied out to right , Kemp to third . Ramirez reached on infield single to second , Kemp scored . Loney reached on infield single to shortstop , Ramirez to second . Blake flied out to left . DeWitt grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Drew homered to right . ( 409 feet ) . Upton reached on infield single to second . LaRoche doubled to deep right center , Upton to third . Reynolds hit sacrifice fly to center , Upton scored , LaRoche to third . Young hit sacrifice fly to left , LaRoche scored . Johnson walked . Snyder flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Martin doubled to deep right center . Billingsley struck out looking . Furcal grounded out to second , Martin to third . Kemp homered to center ( 407 feet ) , Martin scored . Ethier singled to center . Ramirez singled to right , Ethier to second . Loney lined out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Lopez grounded out to third . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Drew walked . Upton doubled to deep left , Drew to third . LaRoche singled to center , Drew and Upton scored . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LaRoche out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Blake lined out to left . DeWitt grounded out to shortstop . Martin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Young flied out to center . Johnson doubled to deep right center . Snyder struck out swinging . Parra intentionally walked . Jackson doubled to left , Johnson scored , Parra to third . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Drew grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks . Belliard doubled to right . Furcal singled to left , Belliard to third . Kemp hit sacrifice fly to right , Belliard scored , Furcal to second . Norberto pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier singled to left center , Furcal to third . Ramirez walked , Ethier to second . Loney struck out swinging . Howry pitching for Diamondbacks . Blake fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Monasterios pitching for Dodgers . Upton homered to center ( 434 feet ) . LaRoche walked . Reynolds flied out to center . Young walked , LaRoche to second . Ortiz pitching for Dodgers . Ojeda grounded into double play , second to first , Young out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . DeWitt struck out swinging . Martin singled to left . Anderson lined into double play , second to first , Martin doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Sherrill pitching for Dodgers . Snyder reached on infield single to second . Ryal walked , Snyder to second . Jackson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ryal out at second , Snyder to third . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal struck out swinging . Kemp grounded out to third . Ethier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Haeger pitching for Dodgers . Upton struck out looking . LaRoche flied out to left . Reynolds walked . Young singled to center , Reynolds to second . Ojeda flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez doubled to deep right center . Carroll ran for Ramirez . Loney struck out swinging . Blake doubled to deep left center , Carroll scored . DeWitt grounded out to shortstop , Blake to third . Martin intentionally walked . Martin to second on fielder 's indifference . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Snyder struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . Jackson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 10th . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal singled to center . Kemp struck out swinging , Furcal caught stealing second , Furcal safe at first on missed catch error by first baseman LaRoche . Ethier struck out swinging . Carroll lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 11th . Ortiz pitching for Dodgers . Drew singled to right . Upton popped out to second . LaRoche walked , Drew to second . Reynolds singled to left center , Drew to third , LaRoche to second . Young singled to left center , Drew scored , LaRoche to third , Reynolds to second . Ojeda hit sacrifice fly to center , LaRoche scored . Reynolds to third , Young to second on wild pitch by Ortiz . Snyder intentionally walked . Rosales grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 11th . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . Loney singled to left . Blake popped out to shortstop . Ellis struck out swinging . Martin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Dodgers 7 .	D - backs blow it in 9th , but beat Dodgers in 11th