Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Jackson singled to center . Abreu struck out swinging . Drew singled to right , Jackson to third . Upton struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Drew out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal flied out to center . Kemp flied out to center . Ethier popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Young doubled to right center . Young stole third . Parra struck out swinging . Hester singled to center , Young scored . Haren sacrificed to first , Hester to second . Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop , Hester scored , Jackson to second on throwing error by shortstop Furcal . Abreu grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez safe at first on error by second baseman Abreu . Loney singled to left center , Ramirez to third . Loney to second on wild pitch by Haren . Blake struck out swinging . Martin struck out swinging . Carroll intentionally walked . Kuroda struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Drew singled to center . Upton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Drew out at second . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal flied out to left . Kemp struck out swinging . Ethier singled to shallow right . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Young flied out to right . Parra grounded out to second . Hester struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Loney struck out looking . Blake doubled to deep left . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Carroll struck out swinging , Carroll safe at first on passed ball by Hester , Blake to third on passed ball . Kuroda grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Haren doubled to left . Jackson singled to center , Haren scored . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jackson out at second . Drew grounded out to pitcher , Abreu to second . Upton fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal singled to left . Kemp grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Furcal out at second . Ethier flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Reynolds flied out to left . Young singled to left . Young to second on passed ball by Martin . Parra struck out swinging . Hester lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez walked . Loney singled to right , Ramirez to third . Blake grounded out to second , Ramirez scored , Loney to second . Loney stole third . Martin struck out swinging . Carroll flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Haren popped out to second . Jackson struck out looking . Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop . Drew grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Belliard singled to left . Furcal flied out to center . Belliard to second on wild pitch by Heilman . Kemp homered to center , Belliard scored . Ethier flied out to right . Ramirez walked . Loney flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Upton homered to left . Reynolds flied out to left . Young flied out to left . Parra grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Blake struck out swinging . Martin singled to center . Anderson flied out to right . DeWitt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Sherrill pitching for Dodgers . Hester doubled to left . Ojeda sacrificed to third , Hester to third . Jackson intentionally walked . Abreu safe at first on error by third baseman Blake , Hester scored , Jackson to second . Drew walked , Jackson to third , Abreu to second . Upton fouled out to first . Reynolds grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal walked . Furcal to second on wild pitch by Qualls . Kemp flied out to center . Ethier grounded out to second , Furcal to third . Ramirez singled to left , Furcal scored . Loney singled to center , Ramirez to second . Blake reached on infield single to shortstop , Ramirez to third , Loney to second , Ramirez scored , Loney to third , Blake to second on throwing error by shortstop Drew . Martin intentionally walked . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Young fouled out to catcher . Parra struck out looking . Hester fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 10th . Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks . DeWitt singled to right . Furcal sacrificed to pitcher , DeWitt to second . Kemp intentionally walked . DeWitt to third , Kemp to second on passed ball by Hester . Ethier singled to deep center , DeWitt scored , Kemp to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Dodgers 6 .	Drew 's throw helps Dodgers get by D - backs \n\n