Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Garland pitching for Padres . Jackson walked . Drew popped out to second . Upton grounded out to shortstop , Jackson to second . Reynolds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera walked . Eckstein grounded out to third , Cabrera to second . Gonzalez walked . Headley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez out at second , Cabrera to third . Venable grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Garland pitching for Padres . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . Young struck out looking . Parra doubled to deep left center . Parra to third on wild pitch by Garland . Snyder walked . Jackson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Blanks singled to right . Hairston struck out swinging . Hundley grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blanks out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Garland pitching for Padres . Jackson safe at first on error by third baseman Headley . Drew walked , Jackson to second . Upton lined out to center . Reynolds fouled out to catcher . Johnson walked , Jackson to third , Drew to second . Young walked , Jackson scored , Drew to third , Johnson to second . Parra singled to right , Drew and Johnson scored , Young to third . Snyder grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Garland walked . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to first , Garland out at second . Eckstein singled to right . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Garland pitching for Padres . Jackson grounded out to pitcher . Jackson singled to deep left center , Jackson out stretching at second . Drew flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Headley grounded out to shortstop . Venable fouled out to left . Blanks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Garland pitching for Padres . Upton safe at second on error by third baseman Headley , Upton advanced to first on Headley error , Upton tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . Reynolds struck out looking . Johnson lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 5th . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston flied out to right . Hundley walked . Gwynn grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hundley out at second . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Mujica pitching for Padres . Young struck out swinging . Parra grounded out to shortstop . Snyder struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Eckstein grounded out to first . Gonzalez struck out looking . Headley singled to right . Venable grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Mujica pitching for Padres . Abreu struck out swinging . Jackson grounded out to catcher . Drew flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Howry pitching for Diamondbacks . Blanks doubled to deep left . Hairston flied out to center , Blanks to third . Hundley grounded out to third , Blanks scored . Salazar lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Russell pitching for Padres . Upton struck out looking . Reynolds grounded out to second . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera bunt grounded out to third . Eckstein singled to right . Gonzalez singled to left , Eckstein to second . Eckstein to third , Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Heilman . Headley fouled out to third . Venable walked . Blanks walked , Eckstein scored , Gonzalez to third , Venable to second . Hairston fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Bell pitching for Padres . Young flied out to center . Parra grounded out to pitcher . Snyder flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley walked . Hairston Jr. sacrificed to third , Hundley to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Eckstein doubled to deep left , Hundley scored . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Headley homered to right , Eckstein and Gonzalez scored . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Padres 6 .	Headley 's heroics help Padres drop D - backs \n\n