Cardinals - Top 1st . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker struck out swinging , Schumaker safe at first on wild pitch by Haren . Schumaker to second on balk by Haren . Ludwick homered to center ( 443 feet ) , Schumaker scored . Pujols lined out to third . Holliday struck out swinging . Rasmus singled to right . Rasmus stole second . Freese struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Johnson doubled to deep right . Drew singled to right , Johnson to third . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Johnson scored , Drew to second . LaRoche singled to center , Drew scored , Upton to second . Reynolds grounded into double play , third to second to first , LaRoche out at second , Upton to third . Young popped out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Anderson struck out swinging . Ryan struck out swinging . Lohse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Parra grounded out to first . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . Haren singled to center . Johnson doubled to deep right , Haren to third . Drew grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker grounded out to second . Ludwick homered to left ( 404 feet ) . Pujols homered to left ( 398 feet ) . Holliday flied out to left . Rasmus walked . Rasmus caught stealing second , catcher to second . Freese batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Upton flied out to center . LaRoche grounded out to first . Reynolds walked . Young walked , Reynolds to second . Parra doubled to deep right , Reynolds and Young scored . Snyder walked . Haren singled to left , Parra scored , Snyder to second . Johnson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Freese singled to center . Anderson singled to right , Freese to second . Ryan tripled to deep center , Freese and Anderson scored . Lohse singled to center , Ryan scored . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop , Lohse to second . Ludwick singled to right , Lohse to third . Ludwick caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Pujols walked . Holliday grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Drew singled to right . Upton walked , Drew to second . LaRoche popped out to shortstop . Reynolds homered to left ( 466 feet ) ,   Drew and Upton scored . Young grounded out to shortstop . Parra grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Rasmus fouled out to third . Freese struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Snyder struck out swinging . Haren singled to center . Johnson doubled to right , Haren to third . Drew grounded out to first . Upton hit by pitch . LaRoche struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Ryan popped out to shortstop . Mather struck out swinging . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds walked . Young flied out to center . Parra doubled to deep center , Reynolds thrown out at home , Parra to third advancing on throw . Snyder singled to left , Parra scored . Haren singled to left , Snyder to second . Johnson flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Ludwick flied out to left . Pujols fouled out to third . Holliday flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Drew walked . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Drew out at second . LaRoche flied out to left . Upton to second on wild pitch by McClellan . Reynolds walked . Upton stole third , Reynolds stole second . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Rasmus struck out swinging . Freese struck out swinging . Anderson lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Parra struck out swinging . Snyder grounded out to third . Ryal singled to center . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Ryan struck out swinging . Stavinoha struck out swinging . Schumaker grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Diamondbacks 9 .	Haren helps D - backs top Cards , end slide