Phillies - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gload singled to center . Dobbs homered to right ( 411 feet ) , Gload scored . Utley flied out to center . Howard singled to right . Werth grounded out to third , Howard to second . Ibanez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Johnson flied out to center . Drew flied out to center . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Valdez lined out to center . Ruiz struck out looking . Kendrick flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Reynolds flied out to right . LaRoche hit ground rule double to deep right . Young flied out to center . Parra walked . Hester singled to left , LaRoche to third , Parra to second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hester out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gload singled to right . Dobbs lined into double play , to first , Gload doubled off first . Utley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Johnson grounded out to second . Drew grounded out to shortstop . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Howard struck out swinging . Werth grounded out to third . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Reynolds struck out swinging . LaRoche walked . Young struck out swinging . Parra singled to center , LaRoche to second . Hester grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Parra out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Valdez reached on bunt single to pitcher , Valdez to second on throwing error by pitcher Lopez . Ruiz singled to center , Valdez to third . Kendrick sacrificed to pitcher , Ruiz to second . Gload grounded out to second , Valdez scored , Ruiz to third . Dobbs grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Lopez singled to left . Johnson homered to left ( 379 feet ) , Lopez scored . Drew tripled to deep center . Upton walked . Reynolds homered to center ( 458 feet ) , Drew and Upton scored . LaRoche grounded out to first . Young doubled to deep left . Parra grounded out to first , Young to third . Hester intentionally walked . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Utley singled to left center . Utley stole second . Howard singled to right , Utley to third . Werth hit sacrifice fly to left , Utley scored . Ibanez doubled to deep left center , Howard to third . Valdez grounded out to shortstop . Ruiz singled to center , Howard and Ibanez scored . Francisco flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Baez pitching for Phillies . Johnson walked . Drew grounded out to first , Johnson to second . Gillespie grounded out to third . Reynolds reached on infield single to shortstop , Johnson to third . LaRoche flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Vásquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gload grounded out to third . Dobbs struck out swinging . Utley walked . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Baez pitching for Phillies . Young doubled to deep left . Parra grounded out to shortstop . Hester doubled to right , Young scored . Abreu grounded out to second , Hester to third . Johnson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . Werth singled to left center . Ibanez flied out to left . Valdez singled to center , Werth to third . Ruiz popped out to second . Polanco lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Herndon pitching for Phillies . Drew singled to right . Gillespie doubled to deep left , Drew thrown out at home . Reynolds doubled to deep right , Gillespie scored . LaRoche intentionally walked . Young singled to left , Reynolds scored , LaRoche to second . Parra grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Young out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Gload grounded out to shortstop . Dobbs struck out swinging . Utley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 6 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Reynolds , Diamondbacks outslug Phillies