Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Cubs . Johnson grounded out to first . Drew struck out looking . Upton popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Theriot safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds . Fukudome grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Theriot out at second . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Cubs . Reynolds struck out swinging . LaRoche grounded out to second . Parra grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez grounded out to third . Colvin lined out to center . Soriano lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Cubs . Gillespie doubled to deep right . Snyder grounded out to third . Lopez struck out swinging . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Fontenot grounded out to first . Soto grounded out to third . Wells struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Drew doubled to deep left center . Upton struck out swinging . Reynolds doubled to deep right center , Drew scored . LaRoche lined out to second . Parra singled to right , Reynolds scored , Parra to second advancing on throw . Gillespie doubled to right , Parra scored . Snyder grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Theriot grounded out to second . Fukudome homered to right ( 386 feet ) . Lee singled to center . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lee out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Lopez struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . Drew singled to left . Upton doubled to deep left center , Drew scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Colvin struck out looking . Soriano doubled to deep right center . Fontenot doubled to right center , Soriano scored . Soto struck out swinging . Wells struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Wells pitching for Cubs . LaRoche grounded out to first . Parra struck out swinging . Gillespie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Theriot singled to right . Fukudome singled to center , Theriot to second . Lee flied out to right , Theriot to third . Ramirez safe at first on error by pitcher Lopez , Fukudome to second . Colvin hit sacrifice fly to center , Theriot scored . Soriano homered to center ( 393 feet ) , Fukudome and Ramirez scored . Fontenot flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Snyder homered to right ( 389 feet ) . Abreu grounded out to catcher . Johnson struck out swinging . Drew struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks . Soto walked . Byrd singled to left center , Soto to second . Theriot sacrificed to pitcher , Soto to third , Byrd to second . Fukudome walked . Lee reached on infield single to shortstop , Soto scored , Byrd to third , Fukudome to second . Ramirez walked , Byrd scored , Fukudome to third , Lee to second . Colvin struck out swinging . Soriano walked , Fukudome scored , Lee to third , Ramirez to second . Fontenot grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Upton flied out to center . Reynolds reached on infield single to first . LaRoche singled to right , Reynolds to second . Parra struck out looking . Gillespie grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Mulvey pitching for Diamondbacks . Soto homered to left ( 381 feet ) . Byrd homered to left ( 462 feet ) . Theriot flied out to right . Fukudome walked . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fukudome safe at second on error by shortstop Drew . Ramirez struck out swinging . Colvin fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Snyder walked . Ojeda struck out swinging . Johnson singled to right , Snyder to second . Drew struck out looking . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Cubs 11 .	Soriano HR ignites Cubs rally