Cardinals - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Lopez flied out to left . Rasmus singled to right center . Pujols lined into double play , third to first , Rasmus doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Johnson singled to center . Jackson struck out swinging . Drew flied out to left . Reynolds doubled to right , Johnson to third . LaRoche doubled to deep right , Johnson and Reynolds scored . Montero walked . Young struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday struck out looking . Winn struck out swinging . Molina singled to right . Schumaker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Parra grounded out to pitcher . Jackson struck out looking . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Ryan flied out to right . Carpenter singled to right . Lopez lined into double play , right to first , Carpenter doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Jackson popped out to pitcher . Drew grounded out to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Rasmus grounded out to first . Pujols walked . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pujols out at second . Winn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . LaRoche struck out swinging . Montero struck out swinging . Young homered to left ( 375 feet ) . Parra grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina walked . Schumaker lined out to right . Molina caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ryan walked . Carpenter singled to right , Ryan to third . Lopez walked , Carpenter to second . Rasmus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Jackson walked . Johnson reached on infield single to second , Jackson to second . Jackson walked , Jackson to third , Johnson to second . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Jackson out at home , Johnson to third , Jackson to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols struck out swinging . Holliday flied out to center . Winn singled to left . Molina singled to center , Winn to third . Schumaker grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Montero grounded out to second . Young doubled to left . Parra walked . Jackson sacrificed to catcher , Young to third , Parra to second . Johnson intentionally walked . Jackson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Ryan flied out to right . Miles hit for Carpenter . Miles grounded out to pitcher . Lopez singled to center . Rasmus doubled to deep right , Lopez to third . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols doubled to deep left , Lopez and Rasmus scored . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Drew doubled to deep right . Reynolds struck out swinging . LaRoche singled to right , Drew scored , LaRoche to second advancing on throw . Montero doubled to deep center , LaRoche scored . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Young struck out swinging . Parra intentionally walked . Heilman struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn fouled out to shortstop . Molina singled to right . Schumaker lined out to left . Freese hit for Ryan . Freese singled to center , Molina to second . Ludwick hit for Motte . Molina to third , Freese to second on wild pitch by Heilman . Ludwick flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Lopez at shortstop . Freese at third base . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . Jackson singled to center . Drew grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Lopez doubled to deep right . Rasmus safe at first on error by pitcher Qualls , Lopez to third . Pujols singled to left , Lopez scored , Rasmus to second . Holliday flied out to center , Rasmus to third . Winn singled to center , Rasmus scored , Pujols to third . Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols scored , Winn to second on wild pitch by Vasquez . Molina grounded out to third . Schumaker lined out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Stavinoha in right field . Reynolds struck out swinging . LaRoche grounded out to pitcher . Montero singled to left center . Young homered to left center ( 411 feet ) , Montero scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Young 's 2nd HR hands D - backs walk - off win