Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Johnson reached on infield single to pitcher . Abreu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker singled to left . Lopez singled to right , Schumaker to third . Schumaker scored , Lopez to second on wild pitch by Haren . Pujols doubled to deep left , Lopez scored . Holliday fouled out to first . Rasmus struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Montero singled to right center . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Montero out at second . LaRoche flied out to left . Reynolds walked , Young to second . Parra walked , Young to third , Reynolds to second . Haren struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Ryan grounded out to shortstop . Carpenter struck out swinging . Winn flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Johnson flied out to right . Abreu lined out to left . Upton hit by pitch . Montero singled to right center , Upton to third . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker flied out to right . Lopez lined out to left . Pujols lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . LaRoche lined out to first . Reynolds fouled out to catcher . Parra grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday grounded out to third . Rasmus struck out swinging . Molina singled to center . Ryan singled to center , Molina to third . Carpenter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Haren flied out to right . Johnson grounded out to second . Abreu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn grounded out to third . Schumaker grounded out to second . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Montero flied out to left . Young walked . LaRoche homered to right ( 392 feet ) , Young scored . Reynolds singled to left . Parra struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols fouled out to first . Holliday struck out swinging . Rasmus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Haren homered to center ( 420 feet ) . Johnson struck out swinging . Abreu walked . Upton grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Abreu out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina walked . Ryan grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . Miles hit for Carpenter . Miles grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Montero grounded out to first . Young flied out to left . LaRoche walked . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds homered to right ( 376 feet ) , LaRoche scored . Parra doubled to deep left center . Parra to third on wild pitch by Motte . Haren grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn singled to center . Schumaker singled to right , Winn to third . Lopez singled to right , Winn scored , Schumaker to second . Pujols struck out looking . Holliday struck out swinging . Rasmus flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Johnson flied out to center . Abreu struck out swinging . Upton reached on infield single to third . Montero walked , Upton to second . Young popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina singled to left . Ryan singled to right , Molina to second . Wainwright hit for Motte . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Garcia ran for Molina . Wainwright grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Garcia scored on throwing error by pitcher Heilman , Ryan safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Heilman . Winn grounded out to shortstop . Schumaker grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ryan and Wainwright scored . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Cardinals 6 .	Cards rally in sloppy 9th