Marlins - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Coghlan bunt popped out foul to catcher . Sanchez flied out to right . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Drew tripled to deep center . Johnson grounded out to second , Drew scored . Upton flied out to right . LaRoche flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Cantu grounded out to first . Uggla flied out to left . Ross popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Reynolds flied out to left . Parra singled to center . Snyder flied out to center . Gillespie safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cantu , Parra to second . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Stanton doubled to left . Hayes singled to center , Stanton to third . Sanchez struck out swinging . Coghlan hit sacrifice fly to left , Stanton scored , Hayes to second . Sanchez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Drew struck out swinging . Johnson singled to left . Upton flied out to left . LaRoche singled to right , Johnson to third . Reynolds flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez grounded out to third . Cantu grounded out to shortstop . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Parra singled to right . Snyder walked , Parra to second . Gillespie doubled to left , Parra and Snyder scored , Gillespie to third advancing on throw . Lopez bunt grounded out to pitcher . Drew safe at first on error by pitcher Sanchez . Johnson tripled to deep right , Gillespie and Drew scored . Upton singled to left , Johnson scored . LaRoche grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Upton out at second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Ross grounded out to third . Stanton flied out to right . Hayes lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Reynolds walked . Parra singled to left , Reynolds to second . Badenhop pitching for Marlins . Snyder struck out swinging . Gillespie grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Parra out at second , Reynolds to third . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Murphy hit for Badenhop . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Murphy doubled to deep left . Coghlan flied out to left . Sanchez grounded out to third . Ramirez safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds , Murphy scored . Cantu grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Wood pitching for Marlins . Drew walked . Johnson singled to right , Drew to third . Upton walked , Johnson to second . LaRoche singled to center , Drew scored , Johnson to third , Upton to second , Upton thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Reynolds hit sacrifice fly to center , Johnson scored . Parra doubled to deep right center , LaRoche to third . Snyder reached on infield single to second , LaRoche scored , Parra scored on throwing error by second baseman Uggla . Gillespie grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Uggla struck out looking . Ross hit by pitch . Stanton struck out looking . Hayes homered to left ( 364 feet ) , Ross scored . Lamb hit for Wood . Lamb tripled to deep left center . Coghlan grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Abreu hit for Lopez . Abreu singled to left center , Abreu out stretching at second . Drew grounded out to pitcher . Johnson singled to right . Upton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Demel pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez doubled to deep center . Ramirez struck out swinging . Cantu grounded out to shortstop , Sanchez to third . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . LaRoche grounded out to first . Reynolds flied out to center . Parra flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Demel pitching for Diamondbacks . Ross lined out to right . Stanton struck out swinging . Hayes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 4 - Diamondbacks 10 .	D - backs beat Marlins , snap 5 - game losing skid