Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Young flied out to center . Johnson walked . Upton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Bernadina struck out looking . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Nationals . LaRoche doubled to deep center . Montero homered to center ( 410 feet ) , LaRoche scored . Reynolds struck out looking . Drew grounded out to second . Parra homered to center ( 408 feet ) . Kennedy grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Zimmerman homered to left center ( 389 feet ) . Willingham singled to center . Kennedy struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded out to second , Willingham to second . Harris struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Young flied out to left . Johnson homered to left ( 381 feet ) . Upton grounded out to first . LaRoche singled to right . Montero flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Marquis grounded out to second . Bernadina struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Reynolds grounded out to third . Drew grounded out to second . Parra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Dunn doubled to left . Zimmerman flied out to right . Willingham walked . Kennedy singled to right , Dunn scored , Willingham to second . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kennedy out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Kennedy singled to right . Young doubled to deep center , Kennedy to third . Johnson walked . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Upton grounded into double play , second to first , Kennedy scored , Johnson out at second , Young to third . LaRoche struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Harris grounded out to second . Maxwell hit for Stammen . Maxwell popped out to shortstop . Bernadina struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Batista pitching for Nationals . Montero homered to center ( 405 feet ) . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . Drew doubled to deep right . Parra singled to left , Drew to third . Kennedy singled to right , Drew scored , Parra to second . Young singled to left , Parra scored , Kennedy to second . Johnson grounded out to first , Kennedy to third , Young to second . Upton grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond singled to left . Desmond to second on wild pitch by Kennedy . Dunn grounded out to first , Desmond to third . Zimmerman popped out to first . Willingham popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Slaten pitching for Nationals . LaRoche struck out swinging . Montero grounded out to third . Reynolds grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Kennedy lined out to center . Rodriguez struck out looking . Harris flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Slaten pitching for Nationals . Drew flied out to left . Parra struck out looking . Crosby hit for Kennedy . Crosby grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez hit for Slaten . Gonzalez walked . Bernadina grounded out to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Desmond grounded out to second , Gonzalez to third . Dunn walked . Zimmerman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Peralta pitching for Nationals . Young singled to center . Johnson doubled to right , Young to third . Upton hit sacrifice fly to center , Young scored , Johnson to third . LaRoche struck out swinging . Montero grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Demel pitching for Diamondbacks . Willingham singled to right . Kennedy grounded out to first , Willingham to second . Rodriguez flied out to center , Willingham to third . Harris grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Nationals 2 .	Montero leads homer parade as D - backs cruise