Dodgers - Top 1st. Peavy pitching for Giants. Utley lined out to center. Seager singled to right center. Puig grounded into double play, third to second to first, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Span grounded out to pitcher. Panik popped out to shortstop. Posey grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Peavy pitching for Giants. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Van Slyke flied out to center. Pederson reached on infield single to shortstop, Gonzalez to third. Hernández singled to right, Gonzalez scored, Pederson to second. Barnes singled to left, Pederson to third, Hernández to second. Wood grounded out to shortstop, Pederson scored, Hernández to third, Barnes to second. Utley struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Pence flied out to right. Belt doubled to deep right center. Duffy flied out to center. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Peavy pitching for Giants. Seager flied out to left. Puig singled to left. Gonzalez doubled to deep left, Puig scored. Van Slyke flied out to center. Pederson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Peavy singled to right. Pagán struck out looking. Span grounded out to first, Peavy to second. Panik grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Peavy pitching for Giants. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Barnes grounded out to shortstop. Wood struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Posey reached on infield single to shortstop. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Posey out at second. Belt struck out swinging. Duffy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Peavy pitching for Giants. Utley singled to right. Seager grounded into fielder's choice to first, Utley out at second. Puig singled to left, Seager to second. Gonzalez lined out to left. Van Slyke doubled to deep left, Seager scored, Puig to third. Pederson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Crawford walked. Tomlinson hit for Peavy. Tomlinson reached on bunt single to pitcher, Crawford to second. Pagán grounded out to third, Crawford to third, Tomlinson to second. Span grounded out to second, Crawford scored, Tomlinson to third. Panik tripled to deep center, Tomlinson scored. Posey doubled to left, Panik scored. Posey to third on wild pitch by Wood. Pence walked. Belt grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Heston pitching for Giants. Hernández lined out to center. Barnes flied out to left. Wood struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Duffy singled to right. Crawford singled to left, Duffy to second. Adrianza hit for Heston. García pitching for Dodgers. Adrianza sacrificed to pitcher, Duffy to third, Crawford to second. Pagán singled to right, Duffy and Crawford scored. Span bunt grounded out to pitcher, Pagán to second. Panik singled to center, Pagán scored, Panik to second advancing on throw. Posey singled to left, Panik scored, Posey to second on throwing error by left fielder Van Slyke. Coleman pitching for Dodgers. Pence struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. López pitching for Giants. Utley flied out to left. Seager grounded out to second. Puig popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Coleman pitching for Dodgers. Belt walked. Duffy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Belt out at second. Crawford flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Lopez pitching for Giants. Gonzalez singled to left center. Romo pitching for Giants. Crawford hit for Van Slyke. Crawford grounded out to catcher, Gonzalez to second. Pederson homered to center (442 feet), Gonzalez scored. Hernández flied out to left. Barnes popped out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Thompson in left field. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Blanco hit for Romo. Blanco singled to left. Pagán singled to left, Blanco to second. Span reached on bunt single to pitcher, Blanco to third, Pagán to second. Panik singled to right, Blanco scored, Pagán to third, Span to second. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Posey struck out swinging. Pence homered to left center (431 feet), Pagán, Span and Panik scored. Belt popped out to third. Duffy singled to right center. Crawford struck out looking. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Blanco in left field. Strickland pitching for Giants. Culberson hit for Báez. Culberson flied out to center. Utley singled to left. Seager flied out to left. Puig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Giants 12.	Dodgers fall 1 inning short of shutout streak