Giants - Top 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Pagán flied out to left. Panik struck out swinging. Posey grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Hernández homered to center (456 feet). Puig struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center. Turner flied out to center. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Belt grounded out to pitcher. Duffy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Thompson grounded out to third. Ellis struck out swinging. Culberson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Tomlinson grounded out to third. Bumgarner singled to left. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bumgarner safe at second on error by second baseman Kendrick. Pagán singled to shallow right, Bumgarner to third, Blanco to second. Panik fouled out to third. Bumgarner scored, Blanco to third, Pagán to second on wild pitch by Kershaw. Posey lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Kershaw struck out looking. Hernández homered to left center (426 feet). Puig popped out to first. Gonzalez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Pence flied out to center. Belt struck out swinging. Duffy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Turner walked. Kendrick singled to right center, Turner to second. Thompson struck out swinging. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Turner to third, Kendrick safe at second on error by shortstop Tomlinson. Culberson singled to right, Turner and Kendrick scored, Ellis to second. Kershaw grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ellis to third, Culberson safe at second on error by second baseman Panik. Hernández doubled to left, Ellis and Culberson scored, Kershaw to third. Puig flied out to right. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Tomlinson grounded out to catcher. Bumgarner struck out swinging. Blanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Turner grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick struck out swinging. Thompson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Pagán reached on infield single to third. Panik singled to right, Pagán to second. Posey grounded out to second, Pagán to third, Panik to second. Pagán scored, Panik to third on wild pitch by Kershaw. Pence singled to left, Panik scored. Belt popped out to shortstop. Duffy grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Ellis doubled to center. Culberson singled to right, Ellis scored. Kershaw safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Tomlinson, Culberson to second. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Hernández grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kershaw out at second, Culberson to third. Puig grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 7th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Tomlinson struck out looking. Williamson hit for Gearrin. Williamson grounded out to shortstop. Blanco bunt grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Law pitching for Giants. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Turner tripled to right. Kendrick struck out swinging. Thompson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Pagán lined out to center. Panik grounded out to first. Posey struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Ellis walked. Culberson flied out to right. Pederson hit for Hatcher. Pederson struck out swinging. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. Pence struck out looking. Belt grounded out to pitcher. Duffy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 3 - Dodgers 7.	Hernandez hits 2 HRs off Bumgarner; Dodgers top Giants 7-3