Rockies - Top 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. LeMahieu flied out to center. Story walked. Gonz치lez struck out swinging. Story caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Arenado batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Span grounded out to second. Panik grounded out to second. Duffy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Arenado doubled to right. Reynolds singled to left center, Arenado scored. Raburn reached on infield single to third, Reynolds to second. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reynolds scored on throwing error by second baseman Panik, Raburn safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Panik. Garneau hit sacrifice fly to right, Raburn scored, Parra to third. Bettis sacrificed into fielder's choice to first, Parra scored. LeMahieu lined out to right. Story struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Posey grounded out to shortstop. Belt walked. Pence singled to right, Belt to second. Belt to third on wild pitch by Bettis. Crawford homered to right (393 feet), Belt and Pence scored. Blanco grounded out to second. Bumgarner flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Gonz치lez struck out swinging. Arenado struck out swinging. Reynolds singled to right. Raburn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Span grounded out to shortstop. Panik singled to right. Duffy singled to right, Panik to second. Posey struck out swinging, Panik stole third, Duffy stole second. Belt lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Parra struck out swinging. Garneau popped out to second. Bettis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Pence singled to center. Crawford struck out looking. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pence out at second. Bumgarner grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blanco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Story struck out swinging. Gonz치lez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Span reached on bunt single to third. Panik popped out to second. Duffy tripled to deep right center, Span scored. Posey grounded out to second. Belt walked. Pence singled to shallow center, Duffy scored, Belt to second. Crawford struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Arenado flied out to center. Reynolds singled to shallow left. Raburn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Reynolds out at second. Parra flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Blanco grounded out to first. Bumgarner struck out looking. Span grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Garneau struck out looking. Blackmon hit for Bettis. Blackmon singled to shallow left center. LeMahieu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blackmon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Panik walked. Duffy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Panik out at second. Posey fouled out to first. Belt doubled to deep right, Duffy scored. Pence grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Story reached on infield single to third. Gonz치lez struck out swinging. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Arenado reached on infield single to second, Story to second. Reynolds struck out swinging. Raburn grounded into fielder's choice to first, Arenado out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Germen pitching for Rockies. Crawford flied out to right. Blanco grounded out to first. Gillaspie hit for Gearrin. Gillaspie grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Parra struck out swinging. Adames hit for Garneau. Adames struck out looking. Paulsen hit for Germen. Paulsen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Giants 6.	Crawford, Bumgarner lead Giants past Rockies, 6-4