Brewers - Top 1st . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . Braun singled to left . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Marcum pitching for Brewers . Victorino struck out swinging . Polanco singled to center . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Polanco safe at second on error by second baseman Weeks . Howard singled to left , Polanco scored , Rollins to second . Francisco struck out swinging . Ibanez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 2nd . Blanton pitching for Phillies . McGehee safe at first on error by shortstop Rollins . Betancourt grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , McGehee out at second . Kotsay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Marcum pitching for Brewers . Ruiz grounded out to pitcher . Valdez grounded out to shortstop . Blanton popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Lucroy singled to center . Marcum sacrificed to first , Lucroy to second . Weeks grounded out to pitcher . Gomez singled to left , Lucroy scored , Gomez to second advancing on throw . Braun singled to right , Gomez scored . Fielder flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Marcum pitching for Brewers . Victorino grounded out to pitcher . Polanco singled to center . Rollins flied out to center . Howard flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . McGehee doubled to deep right center . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Kotsay flied out to left . Lucroy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Marcum pitching for Brewers . Francisco grounded out to third . Ibanez singled to center . Ruiz lined out to left . Valdez singled to center , Ibanez to second . Blanton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Marcum singled to left . Weeks grounded out to third , Marcum to second . Gomez grounded out to third . Braun walked . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Marcum pitching for Brewers . Victorino fouled out to third . Polanco grounded out to catcher . Rollins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . McGehee popped out to shortstop . Betancourt grounded out to third . Kotsay flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Marcum pitching for Brewers . Howard struck out looking . Francisco struck out looking . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Lucroy singled to right . Marcum sacrificed to pitcher , Lucroy to second . Weeks fouled out to first . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Green pitching for Brewers . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop . Valdez safe at first on error by third baseman McGehee . Gload hit for Blanton . Gload singled to left , Valdez to third . Mitre pitching for Brewers . Martinez ran for Gload . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Valdez scored , Martinez to second . Polanco lined into double play , pitcher to shortstop to second , Martinez doubled off second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Braun singled to left . Fielder doubled to left , Braun to third . McGehee grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt grounded out to third , Braun scored . Kotsay intentionally walked . Lucroy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Loe pitching for Brewers . Rollins lined out to shortstop . Howard singled to right center . Francisco lined out to center . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Howard out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Romero pitching for Phillies . Almonte hit for Loe . Almonte flied out to center . Weeks popped out to first . Gomez reached on infield single to shortstop . Herndon pitching for Phillies . Gomez stole second . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Axford pitching for Brewers . Ruiz walked . Valdez sacrificed to pitcher , Ruiz to second . Orr hit for Herndon . Orr singled to left center , Ruiz scored , Orr to second advancing on throw . Victorino struck out swinging . Polanco walked . Rollins popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 10th . Contreras pitching for Phillies . Fielder struck out swinging . McGehee popped out to shortstop . Betancourt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 10th . Stetter pitching for Brewers . Howard flied out to right . Francisco grounded out to third . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 11th . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . Lucroy walked . Nieves hit for Stetter . Nieves grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Lucroy out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 11th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Ruiz flied out to right . Valdez grounded out to second . Mayberry Jr. hit for Bastardo . Mayberry Jr. grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 12th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Weeks walked . Gomez sacrificed to catcher , Weeks to second , Gomez safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Kendrick . Weeks to third on throwing error by pitcher Kendrick . Braun hit sacrifice fly to center , Weeks scored . Fielder hit by pitch , Gomez to second . Gomez to third , Fielder to second on wild pitch by Kendrick . McGehee intentionally walked . Betancourt hit sacrifice fly to left , Gomez scored , Fielder to third , McGehee to second . Kotsay intentionally walked . Lucroy singled to right , Fielder scored , McGehee thrown out at home , Kotsay to second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 12th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Victorino singled to left center . Polanco lined out to right . Rollins walked , Victorino to second . Victorino to third on fielder 's indifference . Howard lined out to third . Francisco flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 6 - Phillies 3 .	Braun 's sac fly helps Brewers top Phils in 12