Athletics - Top 1st . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Weeks fouled out to catcher . Pennington grounded out to second . Crisp doubled to deep right . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Outman pitching for Athletics . Rollins singled to left . Polanco doubled to left , Rollins to third . Victorino singled to shallow left , Rollins scored , Polanco to third . Howard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Polanco scored , Victorino out at second . Francisco walked . Ruiz flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Jackson doubled to right . Sweeney reached on infield single to shortstop . Sizemore grounded into double play , third to first , Jackson out at third , Sweeney to second . Powell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Outman pitching for Athletics . Ibanez struck out swinging . Valdez grounded out to second . Halladay singled to center . Rollins doubled to deep left center , Halladay to third . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Outman grounded out to shortstop . Weeks grounded out to first . Pennington struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Outman pitching for Athletics . Victorino popped out to first . Howard flied out to left . Francisco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Crisp reached on bunt single to pitcher . Matsui grounded out to second , Crisp to second . Jackson fouled out to first . Sweeney singled to shallow center , Crisp scored . Sizemore flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Outman pitching for Athletics . Ruiz flied out to right . Ibanez flied out to center . Valdez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Powell grounded out to pitcher . Outman grounded out to shortstop . Weeks grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Outman pitching for Athletics . Halladay struck out swinging . Rollins reached on infield single to shortstop . Polanco singled to center , Rollins to third . Victorino flied out to right . Howard walked , Polanco to second . Francisco reached on infield single to pitcher , Rollins scored , Polanco to third , Howard to second . Ruiz flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Pennington grounded out to second . Crisp grounded out to first . Matsui grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Outman pitching for Athletics . Ibanez grounded out to second . Valdez struck out swinging . Halladay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Jackson singled to right center . Sweeney flied out to left . Sizemore doubled to deep right , Jackson to third . Powell popped out to second . DeJesus hit for Outman . DeJesus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Rollins singled to right . Rollins to second on passed ball by Powell . Polanco grounded out to second , Rollins to third . Victorino popped out to second . Howard intentionally walked . Howard stole second . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Weeks flied out to left . Pennington struck out looking . Crisp grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez singled to center . Valdez grounded out to pitcher , Ibanez to second . Halladay grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Matsui grounded out to first . Jackson singled to right . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 1 - Phillies 3 .	Phils ' Halladay 10 - 3 with fifth complete game