Blue Jays - Top 1st. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Johnson hit by pitch. Overbay singled to center, Johnson to third. Wells hit sacrifice fly to center, Johnson scored. Thomas singled to deep left, Overbay to third. Glaus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Overbay scored, Thomas safe at second on error by second baseman Upton. Rios struck out swinging. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thomas out at third, Glaus to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Ohka pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford homered to right. Pena flied out to center. Baldelli safe at first on error by second baseman Hill. Wigginton flied out to center. Young grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Phillips singled to right. Clayton lined out to third. Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop, Phillips to second. Overbay grounded into fielder's choice to first, Johnson out at second, Phillips to third. Wells hit by pitch, Overbay to second. Thomas homered to left, Phillips, Overbay and Wells scored. Glaus struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Ohka pitching for Blue Jays. Iwamura grounded out to first. Navarro grounded out to second. Harris walked. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Rios struck out swinging. Hill lined out to left. Phillips singled to deep left, Phillips out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Ohka pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford grounded out to first. Pena grounded out to shortstop. Baldelli popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Clayton doubled to deep right. Johnson doubled to deep center, Clayton scored. Overbay lined out to second. Wells grounded out to third. Thomas walked, Johnson stole third. Thomas batting. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Glaus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thomas out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Ohka pitching for Blue Jays. Wigginton grounded out to third. Young singled to right center. Iwamura walked, Young to second. Navarro grounded out to shortstop, Young to third, Iwamura to second. Harris homered to right, Young and Iwamura scored. Upton walked. Crawford hit ground rule double to deep left, Upton to third. Upton scored, Crawford to third on wild pitch by Ohka. Pena grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Rios popped out to second. Hill walked. Phillips struck out swinging. Clayton walked, Hill to second. Smith at third base. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Ohka pitching for Blue Jays. Baldelli flied out to center. Wigginton singled to left. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Young singled to left, Wigginton to second. Iwamura walked, Wigginton to third, Young to second. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Navarro struck out swinging. Harris struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Overbay walked. Wells flied out to right. Thomas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Overbay out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Upton struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. Salas pitching for Devil Rays. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Salas pitching for Devil Rays. Smith reached on infield single to first. Rios flied out to center. Smith to second on wild pitch by Salas. Hill fouled out to first. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Phillips walked. Clayton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Baldelli flied out to left. Wigginton struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Johnson reached on bunt single to second. Overbay grounded out to first, Johnson to second. Wells popped out to second. Thomas intentionally walked. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Smith struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Iwamura singled to left. Iwamura stole second. Paul ran for Navarro. Navarro walked. Harris bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Iwamura out at third, Paul to second. Upton struck out swinging. Paul catching. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Rios tripled to deep right center. Zaun hit for Phillips. Hill grounded out to third. Zaun intentionally walked. Clayton singled to left, Rios scored, Zaun to second. Johnson flied out to right. Zaun catching. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Dukes hit for Pena. Overbay popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Dukes fouled out to catcher. Baldelli flied out to center. Wigginton lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 8 - Devil Rays 5.	Thomas gets 488th HR as Jays hold off D-Rays