Devil Rays - Top 1st. Ponson pitching for Twins. Baldelli doubled to left. Zobrist struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to first, Baldelli to third. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Castillo walked. Castillo to second on wild pitch by Jackson. Tyner grounded out to second, Castillo to third. Mauer walked. Cuddyer singled to right center, Castillo scored, Mauer to second, Mauer to third, Cuddyer to second on error by second baseman Upton.J Mauer scored, Cuddyer to third on throwing error. Morneau popped out to shortstop. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Ponson pitching for Twins. Young doubled to deep right. Iwamura grounded out to second, Young to third. Navarro hit ground rule double to deep right center, Young scored. Dukes struck out swinging. Upton singled to left, Navarro scored, Upton to second advancing on throw. Baldelli walked. Zobrist struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Kubel grounded out to second. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Bartlett walked. Castillo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Ponson pitching for Twins. Crawford grounded out to second. Wigginton flied out to left. Young singled to left. Iwamura grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Tyner singled to left. Mauer walked, Tyner to second. Cuddyer hit by pitch, Tyner to third, Mauer to second. Morneau singled to right, Tyner scored, Mauer to third, Cuddyer to second. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mauer scored, Morneau out at second, Cuddyer to third. Kubel hit sacrifice fly to center, Cuddyer scored, Hunter to second. Rodriguez flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Ponson pitching for Twins. Navarro popped out to shortstop. Dukes struck out swinging. Upton doubled to deep right, Upton out stretching at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Bartlett walked. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Bartlett stole second. Castillo grounded out to second, Bartlett to third. Tyner struck out swinging. Mauer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Ponson pitching for Twins. Baldelli struck out swinging. Zobrist grounded out to first. Crawford singled to center. Wigginton walked, Crawford to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wigginton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Cuddyer doubled to deep right. Morneau flied out to left. Hunter doubled to deep right center, Cuddyer scored. Kubel struck out swinging, Hunter stole third. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Ponson pitching for Twins. Iwamura tripled to deep right. Navarro walked. Rincon pitching for Twins. Dukes struck out swinging. Navarro to second on wild pitch by Rincon. Upton flied out to right. Baldelli struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Bartlett flied out to center. Castillo fouled out to left. Tyner doubled to deep right. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Mauer singled to right, Tyner scored. Cuddyer reached on infield single to third, Mauer to second. Morneau singled to center, Mauer scored, Cuddyer to third. Hunter doubled to left center, Cuddyer scored, Morneau to third. Casilla at second base. Kubel lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Harris hit for Zobrist. Rincon pitching for Twins. Harris struck out swinging. Crawford struck out swinging. Harris at shortstop. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Wigginton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez homered to right. Bartlett reached on infield single to shortstop. Casilla struck out looking. Tyner doubled to deep right center, Bartlett scored. Mauer struck out swinging. Cuddyer singled to left, Tyner scored, Cuddyer to second advancing on throw. Perkins pitching for Twins. Morneau flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Young grounded out to first. Iwamura struck out swinging. Navarro walked. Pena at first base. Salas pitching for Devil Rays. Dukes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Salas pitching for Devil Rays. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Kubel grounded out to pitcher. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Gomes hit for Baldelli. Perkins pitching for Twins. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Gomes walked. Harris singled to center, Gomes to second. Crawford struck out swinging. Pena homered to center, Gomes and Harris scored. Young popped out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 5 - Twins 12.	Cuddyer's 4 hits guide Twins to stomping of Rays