Marlins - Top 1st. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Abercrombie struck out swinging. Uggla grounded out to third. Ramirez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Kim pitching for Marlins. Dukes flied out to center. Upton struck out looking. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Cabrera singled to left. Willingham singled to center, Cabrera to second. Hermida reached on bunt single to third, Cabrera to third, Willingham to second. Boone homered to left, Cabrera, Willingham and Hermida scored. Wood grounded out to third. Treanor singled to center. Treanor to second on wild pitch by Jackson. Abercrombie reached on infield single to shortstop. Uggla fouled out to first. Ramirez safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton, Treanor to third, Abercrombie to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Kim pitching for Marlins. Wigginton struck out looking. Pena struck out looking. Norton fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Willingham walked. Willingham stole second. Hermida flied out to left. Boone walked. Wood popped out to first. Treanor walked, Willingham to third, Boone to second. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Abercrombie singled to right, Willingham and Boone scored, Treanor to third. Treanor scored, Abercrombie to second on passed ball by Navarro. Uggla popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Kim pitching for Marlins. Young flied out to center. Navarro doubled to deep right center. Harris struck out swinging. Dukes walked. Upton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Ramirez lined out to right. Cabrera grounded out to second. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Kim pitching for Marlins. Crawford reached on infield single to second. Wigginton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Crawford out at second. Pena doubled to deep right. Norton walked. Young safe at second on error by first baseman Wood, Pena scored, Norton to third. Navarro flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 5th. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Hermida doubled to deep right center. Boone singled to center, Hermida to third. Wood singled to left center, Hermida scored, Boone to second. Treanor grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wood out at second, Boone to third. Abercrombie grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Treanor out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Kim pitching for Marlins. Harris singled to left center. Dukes popped out to shortstop. Upton flied out to right. Crawford popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Uggla grounded out to third. Ramirez flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Kim pitching for Marlins. Wigginton homered to left. Pena homered to center. Norton walked. Gardner pitching for Marlins. Young grounded into fielder's choice to second, Norton out at second. Navarro lined out to right. Harris flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Willingham flied out to center. Hermida grounded out to shortstop. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Boone struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Dukes popped out to second. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Crawford flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Wood grounded out to shortstop. Treanor hit by pitch. Abercrombie struck out swinging. Uggla flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Wigginton homered to center. Pena walked. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Norton singled to left, Pena to second. Young hit by pitch, Pena to third, Norton to second. Navarro grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Pena out at home. Ryu pitching for Devil Rays. Harris struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Ryu pitching for Devil Rays. Ramirez singled to right. Ramirez stole second, Ramirez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Navarro. Cabrera popped out to second. Willingham hit by pitch. Borchard in left field. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Hermida grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Willingham out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Dukes walked. Upton struck out swinging. Crawford struck out looking. Dukes to second on fielder's indifference. Wigginton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 8 - Devil Rays 4.	Kim wins Marlins debut, ends D-Rays' win streak