Mariners - Top 1st. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Suzuki reached on infield single to first. Vidro doubled to deep left center, Suzuki to third. Guillen grounded out to second, Suzuki scored, Vidro to third. Broussard singled to left, Vidro scored. Sexson fouled out to first. Johjima fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Upton flied out to center. Harris walked. Crawford tripled to deep left center, Harris scored. Wigginton walked. Young doubled to right, Crawford and Wigginton scored. Cantu flied out to right, Young to third. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Betancourt grounded out to third. Lopez singled to center. Bloomquist walked, Lopez to second. Suzuki singled to right, Lopez thrown out at home, Bloomquist to third. Bloomquist scored on Navarro's passed ball. Vidro grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Navarro flied out to center. Wilson singled to left. Upton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wilson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Broussard singled to center. Sexson safe at first on error by third baseman Wilson, Broussard to second. Johjima singled to center, Broussard scored, Sexson to second. White pitching for Mariners. Betancourt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johjima out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. White pitching for Mariners. Harris singled to left center. Crawford walked, Harris to second. Wigginton doubled to left, Harris scored, Crawford to third. Young struck out swinging. Cantu hit sacrifice fly to right, Crawford scored, Wigginton to third. Gomes walked. Navarro reached on infield single to shortstop, Wigginton scored, Gomes to second. Wilson singled to center, Gomes scored, Navarro to second. Upton singled to center, Navarro scored, Wilson to third, Upton to second advancing on throw. Harris walked. Davis pitching for Mariners. Crawford singled to left, Wilson and Upton scored, Harris to second. Wigginton flied out to right. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Lopez tripled to deep center, Lopez out stretching at home. Bloomquist popped out to third. Suzuki popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Mariners. Young grounded out to shortstop. Cantu singled to left. Gomes walked, Cantu to second. Navarro tripled to deep right center, Cantu and Gomes scored. Wilson grounded out to second. Upton walked. Harris struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Vidro struck out looking. Guillen flied out to center. Broussard doubled to right. Sexson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Mariners. Crawford flied out to left. Wigginton flied out to center. Young lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Johjima doubled to left. Betancourt singled to center, Johjima to third. Lopez singled to shallow center, Johjima scored, Betancourt to second. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Bloomquist singled to right, Betancourt to third, Lopez to second. Suzuki popped out to shortstop. Betancourt scored, Lopez to third, Bloomquist to second on passed ball by Navarro. Vidro singled to right, Lopez scored, Bloomquist to third. Guillen flied out to center. Broussard struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Davis pitching for Mariners. Cantu grounded out to shortstop. Gomes hit by pitch. Pena at first base. Navarro grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Gomes out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Sexson grounded out to third. Johjima safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Harris. Betancourt walked, Johjima to second. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Lopez homered to left, Johjima and Betancourt scored. Bloomquist singled to left. Suzuki grounded out to second, Bloomquist to second. Vidro walked. Guillen struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Davis pitching for Mariners. Wilson flied out to right. Upton walked. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Harris flied out to center. Upton caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Crawford batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Broussard struck out looking. Sexson hit by pitch. Johjima grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sexson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Wigginton homered to left. Young struck out swinging. Pena walked. Reyes pitching for Devil Rays. Gomes flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Reyes pitching for Devil Rays. Betancourt struck out swinging. Ibanez hit for Bloomquist. Lopez flied out to center. Ibanez walked. Ibanez to second on fielder's indifference. Suzuki homered to right center, Ibanez scored. Ellison ran for Vidro. Vidro singled to center. Guillen struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 12 - Devil Rays 13.	Devil Rays win barnburner over Mariners 13-12