Tigers - Top 1st. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Granderson walked. Monroe flied out to right. Sheffield flied out to left. Ordonez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Durbin pitching for Tigers. Dukes hit by pitch. Upton bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Dukes out at second. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Upton out at second. Crawford caught stealing second, catcher to second. Wigginton batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Guillen singled to right. Casey singled to left, Guillen to second. Rabelo singled to center, Guillen to third, Casey to second. Infante singled to left, Guillen scored, Casey to third, Rabelo to second, Casey scored, Rabelo to third, Infante to second on throwing error by left fielder Crawford. Inge struck out swinging. Granderson struck out swinging. Monroe struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Durbin pitching for Tigers. Wigginton singled to left. Pena grounded out to second, Wigginton to second. Young flied out to right. Iwamura flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Sheffield grounded out to third. Ordonez doubled to deep left. Guillen struck out swinging. Casey grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Durbin pitching for Tigers. Riggans popped out to first. Harris grounded out to third. Dukes walked. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dukes out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Rabelo singled to right. Infante flied out to center. Inge singled to left, Rabelo to second. Granderson struck out looking. Monroe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Durbin pitching for Tigers. Crawford struck out looking. Wigginton walked. Pena doubled to deep right, Wigginton to third. Young hit sacrifice fly to center, Wigginton scored, Pena to third. Pena scored on Rabelo's passed ball. Iwamura walked. Riggans popped out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Sheffield homered to left. Ordonez lined out to right. Guillen struck out swinging. Casey grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Durbin pitching for Tigers. Harris grounded out to shortstop. Dukes flied out to right. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Rabelo struck out swinging. Infante popped out to second. Inge walked. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Durbin pitching for Tigers. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. Wigginton singled to left. Pena flied out to left. Orvella pitching for Devil Rays. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wigginton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Orvella pitching for Devil Rays. Monroe homered to center. Sheffield walked. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Ordonez singled to left, Sheffield scored. Guillen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ordonez out at second. Miner pitching for Tigers. Casey fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Iwamura tripled to center. Riggans struck out swinging. Harris grounded out to shortstop, Iwamura scored. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Dukes struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Rabelo grounded out to shortstop. Infante reached on infield single to shortstop. Inge lined into double play, shortstop to first, Infante doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Seay pitching for Tigers. Upton singled to left. Mesa pitching for Tigers. Crawford struck out swinging, Upton stole second, Upton to third on throwing error by catcher Rabelo. Byrdak pitching for Tigers. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop, Upton scored. Pena struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 9th. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Granderson flied out to center. Monroe popped out to second. Sheffield walked. Sheffield stole second, Sheffield safe at third on throwing error by catcher Riggans. Jones pitching for Tigers. Ordonez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Young singled to right. Wilson hit for Riggans. Iwamura singled to center, Young to second. Norton hit for Harris. Wilson sacrificed to third, Young to third, Iwamura to second. Norton intentionally walked. Dukes singled to left, Young and Iwamura scored, Norton to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 5 - Devil Rays 6.	Dukes, Devil Rays get to Tigers' bullpen in ninth