Devil Rays - Top 1st. Kim pitching for Marlins. Iwamura struck out swinging. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Crawford hit by pitch. Crawford stole second, Crawford safe at third on throwing error by catcher Treanor. Wigginton doubled to left, Crawford scored. Pena walked. Young singled to deep center, Wigginton scored, Pena to second, Pena scored, Young to second on error by center fielder Abercrombie. Harris doubled to deep left, Young scored. Navarro intentionally walked. Dukes in center field. Howell struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Abercrombie flied out to right. Uggla singled to left. Ramirez singled to left center, Uggla to third. Cabrera walked, Ramirez to second. Willingham struck out looking. Hermida struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Kim pitching for Marlins. Iwamura walked. Iwamura stole second. Dukes flied out to center. Crawford flied out to left. Wigginton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Boone walked. Treanor singled to center, Boone to second. Kim grounded into fielder's choice to first, Boone to third, Treanor to second. Abercrombie struck out swinging. Uggla singled to center, Boone and Treanor scored, Kim to third. Ramirez reached on infield single to pitcher, Uggla to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ramirez out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Kim pitching for Marlins. Pena doubled to deep right. Young singled to center, Pena to third. Young stole second. Harris singled to center, Pena and Young scored, Harris to second advancing on throw. Navarro grounded out to second, Harris to third. Howell singled to center, Harris scored. Iwamura popped out to shortstop. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Dukes walked, Howell to second. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dukes out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Willingham struck out looking. Hermida struck out swinging. Boone flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Wigginton homered to left. Pena lined out to first. Young doubled to left. Harris struck out swinging. Navarro grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Treanor grounded out to third. Pinto struck out looking. Abercrombie struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Howell fouled out to third. Iwamura struck out looking. Dukes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Uggla walked. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop, Uggla to second. Cabrera lined out to left. Willingham singled to center, Uggla to third, Ramirez to second. Hermida homered to right, Uggla, Ramirez and Willingham scored. Boone struck out looking. Treanor struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Crawford singled to center. Wigginton doubled to deep left, Crawford to third. Miller pitching for Marlins. Pena walked. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crawford out at home, Wigginton to third, Pena to second. Harris flied out to center. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Amezaga hit for Miller. Navarro fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Amezaga grounded out to third. Abercrombie doubled to right. Uggla struck out swinging. Ramirez singled to center, Abercrombie scored, Ramirez to second advancing on throw. Ramirez stole third. Cabrera doubled to deep left, Ramirez scored. Casanova catching. Willingham walked. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Hermida walked, Cabrera to third, Willingham to second. Boone walked, Cabrera scored, Willingham to third, Hermida to second. Owens pitching for Marlins. Amezaga in center field. Treanor popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Owens pitching for Marlins. Casanova flied out to right. Iwamura grounded out to second. Dukes walked. Crawford singled to right center, Dukes to third. Crawford stole second. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Wigginton walked. Pena lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Borchard hit for Tankersley. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Amezaga walked. Orvella pitching for Devil Rays. Borchard walked, Amezaga to second. Uggla struck out looking. Amezaga stole third, Borchard stole second. Ramirez walked. Cabrera singled to left, Amezaga scored, Borchard to third, Ramirez to second. Willingham tripled to deep right center, Borchard, Ramirez and Cabrera scored. Hermida walked. Boone hit by pitch, Hermida to second. Treanor struck out looking. Amezaga reached on infield single to shortstop, Willingham scored, Hermida to third, Boone to second. Benitez pitching for Marlins. Borchard struck out looking. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Benitez pitching for Marlins. Young flied out to center. Wilson hit for Orvella. Harris struck out looking. Wilson pitching for Devil Rays. Wilson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Wilson pitching for Devil Rays. Uggla lined out to third. Wood hit for Cabrera. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Wood walked. Willingham singled to right, Wood to second. Wood at first base. Boone at third base. Hermida popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Benitez pitching for Marlins. Casanova grounded out to first. Iwamura grounded out to first. Dukes popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 8 - Marlins 14.	Marlins score 12 unanswered, climb back to .500