Devil Rays - Top 1st. Willis pitching for Marlins. Iwamura struck out swinging. Harris walked. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to first, Harris out at second. Wigginton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Amezaga grounded out to second. Uggla struck out swinging. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramirez stole second, Ramirez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Casanova. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Young doubled to deep right. Dukes walked. Cantu grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dukes out at second, Young to third. Casanova grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Willingham fouled out to first. Hermida struck out swinging. Olivo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Shields grounded out to third. Iwamura reached on infield single to second. Harris walked, Iwamura to second. Crawford flied out to left. Wigginton reached on infield single to pitcher, Iwamura to third, Harris to second. Young reached on infield single to shortstop, Iwamura scored, Harris to third, Wigginton to second. Dukes reached on infield single to shortstop, Harris scored, Wigginton to third, Young to second, Wigginton scored on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez. Cantu singled to left, Young scored, Dukes to second. Casanova struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Boone grounded out to second. Willis struck out swinging. Amezaga lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Shields grounded out to shortstop. Iwamura struck out looking. Harris grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Uggla struck out swinging. Ramirez lined out to second. Cabrera singled to left. Willingham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Crawford grounded out to third. Wigginton singled to left. Young flied out to right. Dukes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Hermida struck out swinging. Olivo reached on bunt single to catcher. Boone hit by pitch, Olivo to second. Willis sacrificed to third, Olivo to third, Boone to second. Amezaga grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Cantu singled to center. Casanova flied out to right. Shields sacrificed to pitcher, Cantu to second. Iwamura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Uggla struck out swinging. Ramirez hit by pitch. Cabrera homered to left, Ramirez scored. Willingham flied out to right. Hermida lined out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Harris struck out swinging. Crawford flied out to center. Wigginton walked. Pena at first base. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Olivo singled to center. Wood hit for Willis. Boone singled to left, Olivo to second. Wood struck out swinging. Amezaga struck out swinging. Obermueller pitching for Marlins. Uggla flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Obermueller pitching for Marlins. Dukes flied out to left. Pena homered to right center. Norton hit for Shields. Casanova homered to right. Norton grounded out to first. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Iwamura flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Ramirez singled to center. Cabrera singled to center, Ramirez to second. Willingham struck out swinging. Hermida flied out to left. Olivo popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Obermueller pitching for Marlins. Harris fouled out to first. Crawford doubled to deep left. Wigginton singled to center, Crawford scored. Young fouled out to catcher. Dukes singled to center, Wigginton thrown out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Borchard hit for Obermueller. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Boone fouled out to first. Borchard walked. Amezaga grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Borchard out at second. Uggla fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 7 - Marlins 2.	Ace Shields strong as Devil Rays handle Marlins