Devil Rays - Top 1st. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Iwamura struck out swinging. Crawford struck out swinging. Harris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Drew reached on infield single to second. Pedroia singled to center, Drew to second. Ortiz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pedroia out at second, Drew to third. Ramirez singled to left, Drew scored, Ortiz to second. Lowell singled to center, Ortiz to third, Ramirez to second. Varitek walked, Ortiz scored, Ramirez to third, Lowell to second. Crisp homered to left, Ramirez, Lowell and Varitek scored. Hinske struck out swinging. Lugo walked. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Drew singled to right, Lugo to second. Pedroia flied out to left. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Pena struck out looking. Wigginton singled to center. Norton struck out swinging. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Ortiz doubled to left. Ramirez walked. Lowell homered to left, Ortiz and Ramirez scored. Varitek singled to left. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to first, Varitek out at second. Hinske walked, Crisp to second. Lugo flied out to center. Drew flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Gomes doubled to deep center. Navarro grounded out to first, Gomes to third. Iwamura walked. Iwamura stole second. Crawford struck out swinging. Harris doubled to left, Gomes and Iwamura scored. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Pena struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Pedroia lined out to right. Ortiz singled to left. Ramirez doubled to deep center, Ortiz to third. Lowell singled to right, Ortiz scored, Ramirez to third. Varitek reached on infield single to pitcher, Lowell to second. Crisp walked, Ramirez scored, Lowell to third, Varitek to second. Hinske fouled out to first. Lugo singled to center, Lowell and Varitek scored, Crisp to second. Drew struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Wigginton flied out to left. Norton grounded out to first. Young singled to right. Gomes hit by pitch, Young to second. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Navarro grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Pedroia singled to left. Ortiz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pedroia out at second. Ellsbury in left field. Ramirez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Iwamura singled to left. Crawford singled to left, Iwamura to second. Harris flied out to right, Iwamura to third. Pena struck out swinging. Wigginton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Lowell struck out looking. Varitek struck out looking. Crisp doubled to deep center. Hinske walked. Pena in right field. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crisp out at third, Hinske to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Norton flied out to left. Young doubled to left. Gomes flied out to center, Young to third. Casanova ran for Navarro. Navarro reached on infield single to first, Young scored. Iwamura singled to center, Casanova to second. Mohr in left field. Wilson at shortstop. Cantu at second base. Casanova catching. Hammel pitching for Devil Rays. Crawford lined out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Hammel pitching for Devil Rays. Pena flied out to center. Pedroia walked. Ortiz singled to right, Pedroia to second. Ellsbury singled to left, Pedroia to third, Ortiz to second. Mirabelli hit for Varitek. Lowell singled to left, Pedroia scored, Ortiz to third, Ellsbury to second. Mirabelli walked, Ortiz scored, Ellsbury to third, Lowell to second. Mirabelli catching. Snyder pitching for Red Sox. Crisp grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mirabelli out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Snyder pitching for Red Sox. Wilson flied out to right. Pena struck out swinging. Cantu walked. Norton walked, Cantu to second. Young singled to center, Cantu scored, Norton to second. Norton to third, Young to second on wild pitch by Snyder. Witasick pitching for Devil Rays. Gomes fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Witasick pitching for Devil Rays. Hinske walked. Lugo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hinske out at second. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Pena flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Casanova popped out to third. Iwamura flied out to right. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Mohr fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Cora hit for Ortiz. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Pedroia popped out to second. Cora flied out to left. Ellsbury singled to center. Lowell singled to left, Ellsbury to third. Mirabelli walked, Lowell to second. Crisp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Wilson popped out to second. Pena singled to right. Cantu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pena out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 4 - Red Sox 15.	Red Sox hand Devil Rays 11th straight loss