Athletics - Top 1st. Hammel pitching for Devil Rays. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. DaVanon walked. Swisher struck out swinging. Cust walked, DaVanon to second. Piazza doubled to deep left, DaVanon scored, Cust to third. Ellis flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Iwamura singled to center. Crawford grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Iwamura out at second. Upton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Hammel pitching for Devil Rays. Hannahan walked. Suzuki walked, Hannahan to second. Furmaniak flied out to center, Hannahan to third, Suzuki to second. Stewart doubled to deep right, Hannahan and Suzuki scored. DaVanon walked. Swisher doubled to deep right, Stewart scored, DaVanon thrown out at home. Cust homered to left, Swisher scored. Piazza flied out to center. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Pena struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. Harris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Hammel pitching for Devil Rays. Ellis reached on infield single to third. Hannahan struck out swinging. Suzuki flied out to center. Furmaniak popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Norton doubled to deep right. Navarro grounded out to catcher. Wilson popped out to first. Iwamura singled to right, Norton scored. Crawford singled to center, Iwamura to second. Upton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Stewart singled to center. DaVanon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stewart out at second. Swisher fouled out to left. Cust walked, DaVanon to second. Piazza singled to deep right, DaVanon scored, Piazza out at second, Cust to third. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Pena grounded out to second. Young struck out swinging. Harris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Ellis singled to left. Hannahan singled to center, Ellis to third, Hannahan out stretching at second. Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to right, Ellis scored. Furmaniak singled to center. Stewart flied out to right. 1 Run, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Norton grounded out to first. Navarro singled to right. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Navarro out at second. Iwamura walked, Wilson to second. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. DaVanon flied out to left. Swisher singled to right. Cust struck out swinging. Piazza homered to left, Swisher scored. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Upton struck out swinging. Pena walked. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Pena out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Guzman at third base. Gomes in left field. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Hannahan grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Furmaniak struck out swinging. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Harris fouled out to first. Norton grounded out to shortstop. Navarro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. DaVanon singled to center. Swisher singled to center, DaVanon to third. Cust hit sacrifice fly to left, DaVanon scored. Piazza doubled to deep right center, Swisher scored. Ellis flied out to center. Hannahan walked. Suzuki fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Brown in right field. Calero pitching for Athletics. Wilson tripled to deep center. Guzman walked. Gomes singled to left, Wilson scored, Guzman to second. Upton grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gomes out at second, Guzman to third. Pena hit by pitch. Young grounded out to second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Salas pitching for Devil Rays. Furmaniak hit by pitch. Stewart flied out to right. DaVanon struck out swinging. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Harris struck out swinging. Lugo pitching for Athletics. Norton walked. Navarro grounded out to second, Norton to second. Wilson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 12 - Devil Rays 2.	Piazza belts two-run homer as A's drub Devil Rays