Cardinals - Top 1st . Milton pitching for Reds . Eckstein singled to right . Taguchi struck out swinging . Pujols lined out to right . Sanders fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Jimenez grounded out to second . Griffey Jr grounded out to pitcher . Casey singled to center . Pena struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Milton pitching for Reds . Edmonds struck out swinging . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Mabry walked . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Dunn flied out to right . Randa lined out to pitcher . Aurilia grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Milton pitching for Reds . Carpenter grounded out to second . Eckstein popped out to second . Taguchi homered to left . Pujols singled to center . Sanders grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . LaRue struck out swinging . Milton struck out swinging . Jimenez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Milton pitching for Reds . Edmonds struck out swinging . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . Mabry doubled to deep center . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Griffey Jr struck out looking . Casey singled to left . Pena struck out swinging . Dunn singled to center , Casey to second . Randa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Milton pitching for Reds . Carpenter flied out to right . Eckstein flied out to center . Taguchi lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Aurilia homered to right . LaRue struck out looking . Milton grounded out to pitcher . Jimenez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Milton pitching for Reds . Pujols doubled to deep center . Sanders flied out to right , Pujols to third . Edmonds struck out swinging . Grudzielanek safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Randa , Pujols scored . Mabry flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Griffey Jr homered to third . Casey singled to center . Pena struck out swinging . Dunn walked , Casey to second . Randa grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Casey to third , Dunn safe at second on error by first baseman Pujols . Aurilia hit sacrifice fly to center , Casey scored . Cruz hit for Milton . LaRue doubled to right , Dunn and Randa scored . Wagner pitching for Reds . Cruz grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 7th . Nunez hit for Carpenter . Wagner pitching for Reds . Molina doubled to left . Nunez singled to right , Molina to third . Eckstein hit sacrifice fly to left , Molina scored . Taguchi lined out to shortstop . Cali pitching for Cardinals . Mabry in right field . Nunez at third base . Pujols grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Cali pitching for Cardinals . Jimenez walked . Griffey Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jimenez out at second . Casey singled to right , Griffey Jr to second . Pena grounded into double play , third to second to first , Casey out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Mercker pitching for Reds . Kearns in right field . Sanders reached on infield single to third . Edmonds singled to right , Sanders to second . Grudzielanek grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Edmonds out at second , Sanders to third . Mabry grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Cali pitching for Cardinals . Dunn homered to right . Journell pitching for Cardinals . Randa doubled to left . Aurilia doubled to deep center , Randa scored . LaRue struck out swinging . Kearns struck out swinging . Jimenez reached on infield single to pitcher , Aurilia to third . Griffey Jr walked , Jimenez to second . Lopez hit for Mercker . Casey walked , Aurilia scored , Jimenez to third , Griffey Jr to second . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Lopez reached on infield single to second , Jimenez scored , Griffey Jr to third , Casey to second . Weathers pitching for Reds . Dunn struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Weathers pitching for Reds . Molina walked . Nunez walked , Molina to second . Cedeno hit for Flores . Eckstein singled to right , Molina to third , Nunez to second . Cedeno struck out looking . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina scored , Eckstein out at second , Nunez to third . Graves pitching for Reds . Sanders singled to left , Nunez scored , Pujols to second . Edmonds homered to right , Pujols and Sanders scored . Grudzielanek safe at second on error by first baseman Casey . Mabry homered to center , Grudzielanek scored . Molina reached on infield single to second . Nunez reached on infield single to second , Molina to second . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Eckstein flied out to right . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 9th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Randa singled to left . Aurilia bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Randa out at second . LaRue hit by pitch , Aurilia to second . Kearns grounded into double play , shortstop to first , LaRue out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 10 - Reds 9 .	Seeing Red : Cincy ' pen melts down vs. Cards