Pirates - Top 1st. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Newman grounded out to third. Reynolds flied out to right. Frazier flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Wong fouled out to third. Edman grounded out to third. Goldschmidt lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Bell lined out to third. Moran lined out to left. Osuna grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. DeJong struck out swinging. Carpenter walked. Molina lined out to right. Fowler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Heredia struck out swinging. Stallings struck out looking. Dyson lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. O'Neill homered to left (394 feet). Bader struck out looking. Wong grounded out to first. Edman reached on infield single to second. Edman caught stealing second, catcher to second. Joe Musgrove pitches to Paul Goldschmidt. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Newman singled to center. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to second, Newman out at second. Frazier singled to left, Reynolds to second. Bell flied out to right. Moran struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt walked. DeJong struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out swinging. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Osuna struck out swinging. Heredia lined out to third. Stallings fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Fowler homered to right (381 feet). O'Neill flied out to center. Bader struck out looking. Wong tripled to deep center, Wong out stretching at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Dyson grounded out to second. Newman struck out swinging. Reynolds grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Edman struck out swinging. Goldschmidt singled to left. Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Musgrove. DeJong walked. Carpenter grounded into fielder's choice to second, DeJong out at second, Goldschmidt to third. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Molina singled to left center, Goldschmidt scored, Carpenter to second. Fowler grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Frazier grounded out to second. Bell reached on infield single to shortstop. Moran singled to center, Bell to second. Osuna singled to shallow left, Moran to second, Bell to third. Heredia struck out looking. Stallings singled to right, Bell scored and Moran scored, Osuna to third. Dyson grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Holmes pitching for Pirates. O'Neill fouled out to third. Bader popped out to second. Wong singled to shallow center, Wong safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Newman. Edman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 8th. Helsley pitching for Cardinals. Newman fouled out to catcher. Reynolds flied out to left. Frazier flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt singled to shallow left. DeJong homered to left (402 feet), Goldschmidt scored. Carpenter grounded out to second. Molina lined out to center. Fowler struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Thomas in right field. Kim pitching for Cardinals. Bell safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Edman. Moran doubled to deep right, Bell to third. Osuna reached on infield single to pitcher, Bell scored and Moran scored. Heredia lined out to right. Stallings grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Osuna out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Cardinals 5.	Flaherty sharp, DeJong homers, Cards beat Bucs 5-4 in opener