Cardinals - Top 1st. Foster pitching for White Sox. Edman grounded out to first. Carpenter grounded out to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Moncada grounded out to shortstop. Grandal grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Foster pitching for White Sox. O'Neill grounded out to shortstop. Miller grounded out to pitcher. Carlson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Abreu struck out swinging. Jiménez grounded out to second. McCann grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Heuer pitching for White Sox. Wieters grounded out to second. Schrock struck out looking. Bader safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Moncada, Bader safe at second on error. Edman walked. Carpenter lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Robert homered to right center (435 feet). Mazara grounded out to second. Mendick struck out swinging. Anderson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Burdi pitching for White Sox. Goldschmidt homered to left (400 feet). O'Neill struck out swinging. Miller grounded out to second. Carlson walked. Wieters grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Moncada struck out swinging. Grandal walked. Abreu lined out to center. Jiménez homered to right (358 feet), Grandal scored. McCann struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Cordero pitching for White Sox. Schrock singled to right center. Bader grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schrock out at second. Edman hit by pitch, Bader to second. Edman to second on wild pitch by Cordero, Bader to third on wild pitch by Cordero. Carpenter grounded out to second, Bader scored, Edman to third. Marshall pitching for White Sox. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop, Edman scored. O'Neill homered to left (378 feet), Goldschmidt scored. Miller singled to center. Carlson doubled to deep right, Miller to third. Fry pitching for White Sox. Wieters struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Robert struck out swinging. Mazara struck out looking. Mendick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Fry pitching for White Sox. Schrock singled to center. Bader grounded into double play, third to second to first, Schrock out at second. Edman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Anderson grounded out to third. Moncada walked. Grandal popped out to second. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Cishek pitching for White Sox. Carpenter singled to center. Goldschmidt flied out to right. O'Neill doubled to left center, Carpenter to third. Miller hit sacrifice fly to right, Carpenter scored, O'Neill to third. Carlson lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Wong at second base. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Jiménez singled to shallow center. McCann struck out swinging. Robert lined out to center. Encarnación hit for Mazara. Jiménez to second on wild pitch by Miller. Encarnación struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 6 - White Sox 3.	Cards beat White Sox 5-1 in return from coronavirus outbreak