Royals - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Merrifield flied out to center. Dozier grounded out to third. Soler popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Harvey pitching for Royals. Wong struck out looking. Edman popped out to shortstop. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. O'Hearn singled to deep right center. Franco doubled to left, O'Hearn to third. McBroom grounded out to shortstop, O'Hearn scored. Mondesi fouled out to catcher. Lopez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Harvey pitching for Royals. Miller grounded out to shortstop. DeJong singled to right. Molina grounded into double play, second to first, DeJong out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gallagher lined out to shortstop. Merrifield lined out to center. Dozier walked. Soler walked, Dozier to second. O'Hearn singled to left center, Dozier scored, Soler to third. Franco lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Harvey pitching for Royals. Fowler grounded out to second. Carlson singled to center. Bader walked, Carlson to second. Wong grounded out to shortstop, Bader to second, Carlson to third. Edman hit ground rule double to deep right, Bader scored and Carlson scored. Goldschmidt walked. Miller reached on infield single to first, Edman scored, Goldschmidt to third. DeJong reached on infield single to third, Goldschmidt scored, Miller to second, DeJong to second, Miller safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Franco. Newberry pitching for Royals. Molina struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. McBroom struck out swinging. Mondesi flied out to center. Lopez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Newberry pitching for Royals. Fowler walked. Carlson walked, Fowler to second. Bader grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Carlson out at second, Fowler to third. Wong lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gallagher doubled to deep right center. Merrifield reached on infield single to third, Gallagher scored on throwing error by third baseman Edman, Merrifield to second. Dozier flied into double play, left to third, Merrifield thrown out at third. Soler struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Hahn pitching for Royals. Edman grounded out to third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Miller popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. O'Hearn homered to right center (409 feet). Franco struck out swinging. McBroom singled to center. Mondesi grounded into double play, second to first, McBroom out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Kennedy pitching for Royals. DeJong grounded out to shortstop. Molina popped out to shortstop. Fowler fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Gallagher lined out to third. Merrifield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Staumont pitching for Royals. Carlson struck out looking. Bader struck out swinging. Wong walked. Edman walked, Wong to second. Goldschmidt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Dozier reached on infield single to pitcher. Soler struck out looking. O'Hearn struck out swinging. Franco walked, Dozier to second. McBroom singled to shallow left, Dozier scored, McBroom thrown out at second, Franco to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Merrifield in left field. Starling in center field. Barlow pitching for Royals. Miller grounded out to first. DeJong singled to center. Molina doubled to deep left center, DeJong thrown out at home. Fowler grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Mondesi reached on infield single to first. Mondesi stole second. Lopez lined out to center. Gallagher struck out swinging. Merrifield grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Royals. Carlson struck out swinging. Bader tripled to deep center. Wong hit by pitch. Edman struck out swinging. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wong out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 5 - Cardinals 4.	McBroom, O'Hearn spark Royals to 5-4 victory over Cardinals