Reds - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Akiyama doubled to right. Castellanos struck out looking. Votto struck out looking. Suárez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Mahle pitching for Reds. Wong flied out to left. DeJong walked. Goldschmidt singled to deep left, DeJong to second. Miller walked, Goldschmidt to second, DeJong to third. Ravelo hit sacrifice fly to right, DeJong scored, Goldschmidt to third. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Moustakas grounded out to first. Stephenson struck out looking. Goodwin homered to right (352 feet). Galvis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Mahle pitching for Reds. Carpenter hit ground rule double to deep right. Dean struck out swinging. Bader walked. Wong singled to center, Carpenter scored, Wong to second, Bader to third. DeJong hit sacrifice fly to left, Bader scored. Goldschmidt flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Garcia singled to left. Akiyama grounded into fielder's choice to third, Garcia out at second. Castellanos struck out swinging. Votto singled to center, Akiyama to third. Suárez doubled to left, Akiyama scored, Votto to third. Moustakas walked. Stephenson walked, Votto scored, Moustakas to second, Suárez to third. Goodwin struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Mahle pitching for Reds. Miller walked. Ravelo singled to left, Miller to second. Molina struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out swinging. Stephenson pitching for Reds. Dean struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Galvis grounded out to shortstop. Garcia struck out swinging. Akiyama singled to left. Castellanos grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Stephenson pitching for Reds. Bader grounded out to first. Wong fouled out to left. DeJong walked. Goldschmidt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. O'Neill in left field. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Votto struck out swinging. Suárez singled to left. Moustakas lined out to left. Stephenson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Stephenson pitching for Reds. Miller walked. Jones pitching for Reds. Ravelo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Miller out at second. Molina reached on infield single to catcher, Ravelo to third. Carpenter singled to right, Ravelo scored, Molina to second. O'Neill singled to shallow center, Carpenter to third, Molina thrown out at home. Bader reached on infield single to third, Carpenter scored, O'Neill to third. Wong lined out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Goodwin walked. Galvis popped out to second. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Garcia singled to left, Goodwin to second. Akiyama struck out swinging. Castellanos singled to center, Goodwin scored, Garcia to third. Votto flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Bradley pitching for Reds. DeJong struck out swinging. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Miller lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Suárez lined out to left. Moustakas walked. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Stephenson reached on infield single to catcher, Moustakas to second. Aquino hit for Goodwin. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Aquino hit by pitch, Stephenson to second, Moustakas to third. Galvis walked, Moustakas scored, Aquino to second, Stephenson to third. Stephenson scored on Miller wild pitch, Galvis to second on wild pitch by Miller, Aquino to third on wild pitch by Miller. Garcia grounded out to third, Aquino scored, Galvis to third. Akiyama grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Akiyama in center field. Aquino in left field. Bradley pitching for Reds. Ravelo grounded out to pitcher. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Carpenter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Castellanos lined out to center. Votto struck out swinging. Suárez homered to left (413 feet). Moustakas flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Barnhart catching. Iglesias pitching for Reds. O'Neill struck out looking. Bader flied out to left. Wong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Crismatt pitching for Cardinals. Barnhart singled to deep right. Aquino homered to right center (421 feet), Barnhart scored. Galvis struck out swinging. Garcia struck out swinging. Akiyama grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Iglesias pitching for Reds. DeJong struck out swinging. Goldschmidt walked. Miller lined out to right. Ravelo popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 10 - Cardinals 5.	Miller hit batter, walk, wild pitch lifts Reds over Cards