Cardinals - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Edman singled to right. DeJong flied out to right. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right center, Edman scored. Ravelo grounded out to third. Miller grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. García struck out swinging. Yelich homered to right (395 feet). Braun homered to center (411 feet). Vogelbach struck out swinging. Hiura struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Molina grounded out to second. Carpenter grounded out to third. O'Neill lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Gyorko struck out looking. Peterson grounded out to second. Arcia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Bader lined out to center. Edman grounded out to third. DeJong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Narváez struck out swinging. García flied out to right. Yelich singled to left center. Braun walked, Yelich to second. Vogelbach doubled to deep left center, Braun scored and Yelich scored. Hiura lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Goldschmidt flied out to right. Ravelo grounded out to shortstop. Miller reached on infield single to second. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Gyorko singled to center. Peterson walked, Gyorko to second. Arcia singled to center, Peterson to second, Gyorko to third. Narváez singled to center, Gyorko scored and Peterson scored, Arcia to third. García singled to center, Arcia scored, Narváez to second. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Yelich reached on infield single to shortstop, García to second, Narváez to third. Braun grounded into double play, third to second to first, Narváez scored, Yelich out at second, García to third. Vogelbach walked. Hiura homered to right (379 feet), García scored and Vogelbach scored. Gyorko grounded out to third. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Carpenter grounded out to third. O'Neill lined out to center. Bader singled to center. Edman reached on infield single to catcher, Bader to second. DeJong walked, Edman to second, Bader to third. Goldschmidt walked, Bader scored, DeJong to second, Edman to third. Ravelo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Goldschmidt out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Peterson walked. Arcia struck out swinging. Narváez walked, Peterson to second. Taylor hit for García. Taylor doubled to left center, Peterson scored, Narváez to third. Thomas in right field. Ravelo at first base. Kaminsky pitching for Cardinals. Yelich walked. Braun reached first base on catcher's interference, Narváez to home on error, Braun to first on error by catcher Molina, Yelich to second on error, Taylor to third on error. Gamel ran for Braun. Vogelbach reached on infield single to second, Taylor scored, Gamel to second, Yelich to third. Hiura walked, Yelich scored, Vogelbach to second, Gamel to third. Gyorko hit sacrifice fly, Gamel scored, Gyorko to first on fielding error by right fielder Thomas, Hiura to second, Vogelbach to third. Peterson hit sacrifice fly to right, Vogelbach scored, Hiura to third. Arcia lined out to second. 6 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Taylor in center field. Gamel in right field. Sogard at third base. Peterson at first base. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Miller lined out to first. Molina lined out to pitcher. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Crismatt pitching for Cardinals. Narváez lined out to center. Taylor singled to center. Yelich grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Taylor out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Black pitching for Brewers. O'Neill walked. Bader lined out to left. Edman walked, O'Neill to second. DeJong singled to deep left center, O'Neill scored, Edman to third. Thomas struck out swinging. Ravelo grounded into fielder's choice to second, DeJong out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Wieters catching. Crismatt pitching for Cardinals. Gamel grounded out to pitcher. Vogelbach homered to right center (387 feet). Hiura grounded out to shortstop. Sogard doubled to right. Peterson flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Miller struck out looking. Wieters singled to left center. Carpenter struck out looking. O'Neill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Crismatt pitching for Cardinals. Arcia grounded out to shortstop. Narváez struck out swinging. Taylor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Urías at third base. Sogard in left field. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Bader struck out swinging. Edman struck out swinging. DeJong struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Brewers 18.	Yelich, Braun lead Brewers to 18-3 romp over Cardinals