Cardinals - Top 1st. Davies pitching for Padres. Wong grounded out to first. Edman singled to center. Goldschmidt grounded out to third, Edman to second. Carlson walked. Molina singled to shallow right, Edman scored, Carlson to third. DeJong grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Grisham grounded out to first. Tatis Jr. singled to left. Machado grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tatis Jr. out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Davies pitching for Padres. Carpenter doubled to deep right. Fowler struck out swinging. Bader singled to center, Carpenter scored, Bader to second. Wong homered to right (411 feet), Bader scored. Edman struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Hosmer popped out to second. Pham reached on infield single to catcher. Moreland flied out to left. Myers grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Padres. Carlson struck out swinging. Molina flied out to right. DeJong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Nola struck out looking. Cronenworth singled to right. Grisham walked, Cronenworth to second. Tatis Jr. struck out swinging. Machado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Morejon pitching for Padres. Carpenter flied out to center. Fowler grounded out to shortstop. Bader flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Hosmer singled to left. Pham singled to center, Hosmer to second. Moreland singled to right, Pham to second, Hosmer to third. Myers grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hosmer scored, Moreland to second, Pham out at third. Moreland to third on wild pitch by Wainwright. Nola walked, Myers to second. Gomber pitching for Cardinals. Cronenworth walked, Moreland scored, Nola to second, Myers to third. Grisham struck out swinging. Tatis Jr. struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Morejon pitching for Padres. Wong safe at first on fielding error by left fielder Pham, Wong safe at second on error. Edman lined out to left. Adams pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt flied out to center, Wong to third. Carlson hit by pitch. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 5th. Gomber pitching for Cardinals. Machado safe at first on throwing error by shortstop DeJong. Hosmer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Machado out at second. Pham singled to right. Profar hit for Moreland. Profar singled to center, Pham to second. Helsley pitching for Cardinals. Myers struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Profar as designated hitter. Adams pitching for Padres. DeJong walked. Strahm pitching for Padres. Carpenter walked, DeJong to second. Fowler doubled to deep right, DeJong scored, Carpenter to third. Bader struck out swinging. Wong grounded out to pitcher, Carpenter scored, Fowler to third. Richards pitching for Padres. Edman grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Cabrera pitching for Cardinals. Nola walked. Cronenworth walked, Nola to second. Grisham struck out looking. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Tatis Jr. homered to left (377 feet), Nola scored and Cronenworth scored. Machado homered to left (414 feet). Hosmer grounded out to first. Pham doubled to deep left. Profar struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Pagan pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center. Carlson popped out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to shortstop, Goldschmidt to third. DeJong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals. Myers homered to left (355 feet). Nola walked. Cronenworth struck out swinging. Grisham struck out swinging. Tatis Jr. homered to right (366 feet), Nola scored. Machado popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Pomeranz pitching for Padres. Carpenter hit by pitch. Fowler reached on infield single to shortstop, Carpenter to second, Fowler to second, Carpenter safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Tatis Jr.. Bader hit sacrifice fly to center, Carpenter scored, Fowler to third. Wong hit sacrifice fly to center, Fowler scored. Edman struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 8th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Hosmer fouled out to catcher. Pham grounded out to third. Profar singled to left. Whitley pitching for Cardinals. Myers homered to center (412 feet), Profar scored. Nola grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Padres. Profar in left field. Goldschmidt homered to left (398 feet). Carlson walked. Molina singled to right, Carlson to second. O'Neill ran for Molina. DeJong popped out to second. Carpenter struck out swinging. Fowler grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 9 - Padres 11.	Tatis, Myers homer twice, Padres stay alive with 11-9 win