Nationals - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Chavez singled to center. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chavez out at second. Vidro grounded into double play, third to second to first, Guzman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Izturis grounded out to second. Choi struck out swinging. Drew struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Guillen struck out swinging. Castilla grounded out to shortstop. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Kent struck out looking. Bradley grounded out to shortstop. Ledee flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Hammonds singled to left. Bennett flied out to left. Hernandez bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Hammonds out at second, Hernandez to second on throwing error by shortstop Izturis. Chavez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Phillips grounded out to second. Nakamura grounded out to first. Perez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Guzman struck out swinging. Vidro grounded out to third. Guillen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Izturis singled to right. Izturis stole second. Choi grounded out to first, Izturis to third. Drew grounded out to second, Izturis scored. Kent walked. Bradley grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Castilla grounded out to shortstop. Johnson homered to right. Hammonds flied out to left. Bennett grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Ledee singled to center. Phillips sacrificed to pitcher, Ledee to second. Nakamura walked. Perez sacrificed to catcher, Ledee to third, Nakamura to second. Izturis walked. Choi popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Hernandez grounded out to third. Chavez bunt grounded out to pitcher. Guzman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Drew singled to right. Kent grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Drew out at second. Bradley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Vidro singled to center. Guillen lined out to center. Castilla doubled to deep right center, Vidro scored, Castilla to third on throwing error by second baseman Kent. Johnson singled to right, Castilla scored. Alvarez pitching for Dodgers. Hammonds singled to right center, Johnson to third. Bennett hit sacrifice fly to right, Johnson scored. Hernandez singled to left center, Hammonds to third. Chavez doubled to deep left center, Hammonds scored, Hernandez to third. Carroll at second base. Guzman struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Ledee doubled to deep right. Phillips grounded out to shortstop, Ledee to third. Grabowski hit for Alvarez. Nakamura grounded out to third, Ledee scored. Edwards at third base. Nakamura at shortstop. Schmoll pitching for Dodgers. Grabowski grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Schmoll pitching for Dodgers. Carroll bunt grounded out to pitcher. Guillen singled to right. Castilla grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guillen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Edwards singled to center. Choi grounded into fielder's choice to second, Edwards out at second. Drew flied out to left. Kent singled to right center, Choi to third. Bradley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kent out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Schmoll pitching for Dodgers. Johnson struck out looking. Hammonds flied out to center. Bennett walked. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Ledee struck out looking. Phillips singled to left. Nakamura grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Phillips out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 5 - Dodgers 2.	Livan large: Hernandez tosses complete game for Nats