Dodgers - Top 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Izturis grounded out to first. Robles flied out to center. Drew grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Eckstein grounded out to pitcher. Walker grounded out to shortstop. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Bradley homered to center. Choi singled to left. Ledee flied out to left. Edwards safe at first on error by shortstop Eckstein, Choi to third. Bako singled to right, Choi scored, Edwards to second. Lowe bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Edwards out at third, Bako to second, Bako to third on throwing error by shortstop Eckstein. Izturis walked, Lowe to second. Robles grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Edmonds grounded out to shortstop. Sanders flied out to center. Mabry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Drew struck out looking. Bradley grounded out to pitcher. Choi walked. Ledee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Nunez lined out to pitcher. Molina singled to center. Carpenter bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Molina out at second. Eckstein singled to right, Carpenter to second. Walker singled to center, Carpenter scored, Eckstein to third. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eckstein scored, Walker safe at second on error by second baseman Robles. Edmonds singled to right, Walker scored, Pujols to third, Pujols scored, Edmonds to third on throwing error by right fielder Drew. Edmonds scored on Bako's passed ball. Sanders singled to center. Mabry singled to left, Sanders to second. Nunez grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Edwards singled to right. Bako doubled to left, Edwards to third. Lowe singled to center, Edwards scored, Bako to third. Izturis flied out to center. Robles struck out swinging. Lowe stole second. Drew struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Molina reached on infield single to shortstop. Molina caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Carpenter grounded out to third. Eckstein doubled to left. Walker walked. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Bradley grounded out to shortstop. Choi struck out swinging. Ledee grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Edmonds struck out looking. Sanders struck out swinging. Mabry walked. Nunez singled to center, Mabry to second. Molina singled to center, Mabry scored, Nunez to second. Carpenter struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Edwards lined out to shortstop. Grabowski hit for Lowe. Bako walked. Grabowski struck out swinging. Houlton pitching for Dodgers. Izturis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Houlton pitching for Dodgers. Eckstein walked. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Eckstein out at second. Pujols struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Robles singled to right. Drew popped out to shortstop. Bradley reached on infield single to second, Robles to second. Choi struck out looking. Ledee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Houlton pitching for Dodgers. Edmonds walked. Sanders walked, Edmonds to second. Mabry doubled to right, Edmonds and Sanders scored. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Nunez doubled to deep center, Mabry scored. Seabol hit for Carpenter. Molina struck out swinging. Nunez to third on wild pitch by Sanchez. Seabol grounded out to shortstop. Eckstein tripled to deep left center, Nunez scored. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Nunez at shortstop. Seabol at second base. Walker struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Edwards flied out to right. Repko hit for Sanchez. Bako struck out swinging. Wunsch pitching for Dodgers. Repko grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Taguchi hit for Edmonds. Wunsch pitching for Dodgers. Pujols grounded out to third. Taguchi safe at first on error by third baseman Edwards. Sanders hit by pitch, Taguchi to second. Mabry grounded out to first, Taguchi to third, Sanders to second. Cedeno in right field. Taguchi in center field. Mahoney catching. Nunez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 9th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Izturis flied out to right. Robles grounded out to second. Drew struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 3 - Cardinals 10.	Hot-hitting Eckstein sparks Cards to rout of Dodgers