Marlins - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Pierre grounded out to second. Lo Duca walked. Delgado struck out looking. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lo Duca out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Marlins. Izturis singled to center. Repko hit ground rule double to deep right center, Izturis to third. Drew struck out looking. Kent singled to right, Izturis and Repko scored. Bradley sacrificed to pitcher, Kent to second, Bradley safe at first on error by first baseman Delgado. Kent to third on error by first baseman Delgado. Saenz doubled to deep center, Kent and Bradley scored. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Edwards flied out to right. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lowell grounded out to pitcher. Easley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Lowe struck out swinging. Izturis reached on infield single to third. Izturis caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Repko popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Willis struck out swinging. Pierre struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Drew hit by pitch. Kent lined out to second. Bradley flied out to left. Saenz singled to left, Drew to second. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to third, Saenz out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Lo Duca walked. Delgado homered to left center, Lo Duca scored. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Lowell flied out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Edwards grounded out to third. Lowe grounded out to third. Izturis doubled to right. Repko struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Easley singled to right. Gonzalez singled to left, Easley to second. Willis sacrificed to catcher, Easley to third, Gonzalez to second. Pierre grounded out to second, Easley scored, Gonzalez to third. Lo Duca grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Drew struck out looking. Kent flied out to left. Bradley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Delgado grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Edwards. Encarnacion flied out to center. Lowell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Saenz grounded out to shortstop. Phillips struck out looking. Edwards walked. Lowe struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Easley lined out to second. Gonzalez reached on bunt single to third. Wunsch pitching for Dodgers. Willis sacrificed to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Wunsch. Bump pitching for Marlins. Pierre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Izturis singled to center. Repko reached on infield single to shortstop, Izturis to second. Drew struck out looking. Kent singled to left, Izturis scored, Repko to second. Smith pitching for Marlins. Bradley doubled to deep left, Repko scored, Kent to third. Saenz intentionally walked. Phillips singled to left, Kent scored, Bradley thrown out at home, Saenz to second. Choi hit for Wunsch. Crowell pitching for Marlins. Edwards singled to center, Saenz scored, Phillips to second. Choi hit by pitch, Phillips to third, Edwards to second. Brazoban pitching for Dodgers. Izturis flied out to right. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Brazoban pitching for Dodgers. Lo Duca hit ground rule double to deep left. Delgado grounded out to second, Lo Duca to third. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Lo Duca scored. Encarnacion struck out looking. Lowell doubled to deep center, Cabrera scored. Easley lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Crowell pitching for Marlins. Repko doubled to left. Drew struck out swinging. Kent singled to center, Repko scored. Bradley hit by pitch, Kent to second. Saenz homered to center, Kent and Bradley scored. Phillips singled to left. Grabowski hit for Brazoban. Edwards grounded into fielder's choice to third, Phillips out at second. Grabowski singled to center, Edwards to second. Izturis doubled to deep left, Edwards and Grabowski scored. Robles at shortstop. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Harris hit for Gonzalez. Repko popped out to first. 6 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Conine hit for Crowell. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Harris struck out swinging. Aguila hit for Pierre. Conine popped out to pitcher. Aguila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Dodgers 14.	D-railed: Dodgers deny Willis 8th win in 14-5 pounding