Dodgers - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Royals. Perez singled to center. Repko singled to left, Perez to second. Drew popped out to third. Kent walked, Perez to third, Repko to second. Saenz fouled out to first. Choi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Berroa singled to right. DeJesus singled to right, Berroa to third. Stairs hit sacrifice fly to left, Berroa scored, DeJesus to second. Brown grounded out to third. Long flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Phillips struck out swinging. Grabowski flied out to center. Edwards doubled to right. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Costa grounded out to first. Teahen doubled to left. Castillo singled to center, Teahen scored. Gotay grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castillo out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Repko walked. Drew singled to right, Repko to second. Kent flied out to center. Saenz singled to right center, Repko scored, Drew to third. Choi grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Saenz out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Berroa grounded out to third. DeJesus flied out to right. Stairs grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Phillips singled to center. Grabowski homered to right, Phillips scored. Edwards grounded out to third. Perez flied out to right. Repko hit by pitch. Drew reached on infield single to third, Repko to third, Drew to second on throwing error by third baseman Teahen. Kent hit by pitch. Saenz struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Brown struck out swinging. Long grounded out to first. Costa grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Choi grounded out to first. Phillips flied out to center. Grabowski struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Teahen grounded out to second. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Wood pitching for Royals. Gotay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Wood pitching for Royals. Edwards grounded out to third. Perez flied out to right. Repko walked. Drew grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Berroa grounded out to third. DeJesus singled to center. Stairs singled to right, DeJesus to third. Brown safe at first on error by shortstop Perez, DeJesus scored, Stairs to second. Long singled to left, Stairs to third, Brown to second. Costa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stairs scored, Long out at second, Brown to third. Teahen singled to right, Brown scored, Costa to third, Teahen to second advancing on throw. Osoria pitching for Dodgers. Castillo doubled to left, Costa and Teahen scored. Gotay singled to left center, Castillo scored. Berroa singled to center, Gotay to third. DeJesus struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Wood pitching for Royals. Kent flied out to center. Saenz singled to left. Choi walked, Saenz to second. Phillips grounded out to third, Saenz to third, Choi to second. Grabowski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Osoria pitching for Dodgers. Stairs singled to right center. Brown singled to left, Stairs to third, Brown out stretching at second. Erickson pitching for Dodgers. Long doubled to right center, Stairs scored. Costa reached on infield single to third, Long to third. Burgos pitching for Royals. Teahen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Costa out at second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Burgos pitching for Royals. Edwards reached on infield single to third. Perez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Edwards out at second. Repko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Erickson pitching for Dodgers. Castillo walked. Gotay walked, Castillo to second. Berroa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gotay out at second, Castillo to third. DeJesus walked, Berroa to second. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Stairs flied out to right, Castillo thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Robles hit for Kent. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Drew walked. Werth hit for Saenz. Robles reached on infield single to third, Drew to second. Werth doubled to deep left center, Drew and Robles scored. Choi struck out looking. Werth to third on wild pitch by Affeldt. Phillips grounded out to third, Werth scored. Grabowski grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Royals 9.	Royal flush: Kansas City completes sweep of Dodgers