Dodgers - Top 1st. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Izturis flied out to left. Robles flied out to center. Bradley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Redman grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez grounded out to second. Bay flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Kent homered to left. Ledee flied out to right. Saenz struck out swinging. Valentin fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Eldred homered to left. Castillo struck out swinging. Doumit walked. Wilson singled to right, Doumit to third. Fogg grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Navarro popped out to first. Lowe grounded out to shortstop. Izturis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Redman grounded out to second. Sanchez grounded out to third. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Robles safe at first on error by first baseman Eldred. Bradley singled to left center, Robles to second. Kent struck out swinging. Ledee flied out to left. Saenz homered to left, Robles and Bradley scored. Valentin fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Mackowiak grounded out to second. Eldred grounded out to third. Castillo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Navarro singled to center. Lowe grounded into double play, third to second to first, Navarro out at second. Izturis singled to center. Robles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Doumit hit ground rule double to deep left center. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Fogg struck out swinging. Redman reached on infield single to second, Doumit scored on throwing error by second baseman Kent. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Redman out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 6th. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Bradley grounded out to second. Kent flied out to left. Ledee homered to center. Saenz lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Bay walked. Mackowiak doubled to deep left, Bay to third. Eldred struck out swinging. Castillo grounded out to shortstop, Bay scored, Mackowiak to third. Doumit flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Valentin singled to center. Repko hit for Lowe. Navarro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Valentin safe at second on error by shortstop Wilson. White pitching for Pirates. Repko reached on bunt single to third, Valentin to third, Navarro to second. Izturis singled to center, Valentin and Navarro scored, Repko to third. Robles singled to center, Repko scored, Izturis to third. Bradley struck out swinging. Kent fouled out to first. Ledee singled to right, Izturis scored, Robles to third. Saenz singled to center, Robles scored, Ledee to third. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Repko in left field. Valentin struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Ward hit for White. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Wilson walked. Wilson stole second. Ward singled to center, Wilson to third, Ward to second on throwing error by center fielder Bradley. Redman hit sacrifice fly to center, Wilson scored. Sanchez struck out swinging. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Bay struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 8th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Navarro walked. Repko safe at first on error by third baseman Sanchez, Navarro to second. Izturis grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Repko out at second, Navarro to third. Dessens pitching for Dodgers. Robles lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Dessens pitching for Dodgers. Mackowiak walked. Eldred singled to center, Mackowiak to second. Castillo flied out to center, Mackowiak to third. Doumit singled to left, Mackowiak scored, Eldred to second. Duffy hit for Grabow. Schmoll pitching for Dodgers. Wilson safe at first on error by left fielder Repko, Eldred to third, Doumit to second. Duffy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Eldred scored, Wilson out at second, Doumit to third. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Duffy in center field. Redman flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 9th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Bradley singled to right. Kent grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bradley out at second. Ledee doubled to deep right, Kent to third. Saenz doubled to deep left, Kent and Ledee scored. Schmoll grounded out to shortstop, Saenz to third. Navarro struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Schmoll pitching for Dodgers. Sanchez grounded out to first. Bay singled to center. Mackowiak popped out to shortstop. Eldred struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 12 - Pirates 6.	Saenz hits one of Dodgers' three HRs in win vs. Pirates