Red Sox - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Rays . Ellsbury singled to left . Ellsbury stole second . Victorino singled to right , Ellsbury to third . Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to right , Ellsbury scored . Victorino stole second . Ortiz struck out swinging . Napoli grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Jennings reached on infield single to second . Rodriguez walked , Jennings to second . Zobrist grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second , Jennings to third . Longoria walked . Escobar walked , Longoria to second . Loney walked , Jennings scored , Longoria to third , Escobar to second . Roberts grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Rays . Nava singled to left center . Drew grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Nava out at second . Ross struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Molina struck out looking . Joyce flied out to center . Jennings homered to center ( 422 feet ) . Rodriguez lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Rays . Iglesias singled to left . Ellsbury grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Iglesias to second . Victorino sacrificed to pitcher , Iglesias to third , Ellsbury to second . Pedroia struck out swinging . Ortiz intentionally walked . Napoli singled to center , Iglesias and Ellsbury scored , Ortiz to second . Nava lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Zobrist singled to center . Longoria struck out looking . Escobar walked , Zobrist to second . Loney struck out swinging . Roberts singled to center , Zobrist scored , Escobar to second . Molina singled to center , Escobar scored , Roberts to second . Joyce reached on infield single to shortstop , Roberts to third , Molina to second . Jennings grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Joyce out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Rays . Drew struck out swinging . Ross struck out swinging . Iglesias struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez popped out to shortstop . Zobrist popped out to second . Longoria homered to right ( 349 feet ) . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Rays . Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop . Victorino lined out to left . Pedroia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Loney lined out to shortstop . Roberts walked . Molina walked , Roberts to second . Roberts caught stealing third , pitcher to third to shortstop to third . Joyce homered to right ( 425 feet ) , Molina scored . De La Torre pitching for Red Sox . Jennings homered to left ( 391 feet ) . Rodriguez walked . Zobrist flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Rays . Ortiz singled to right . Napoli struck out swinging . Nava flied out to center . Drew walked , Ortiz to second . Ross fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . De La Torre pitching for Red Sox . Longoria struck out swinging . Escobar fouled out to right . Loney grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Rays . Iglesias singled to right . Ellsbury grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Iglesias out at second . Victorino popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . De La Torre pitching for Red Sox . Roberts grounded out to third . Molina struck out swinging . Joyce walked . Joyce stole second . Joyce safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ross . Jennings grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Rays . Pedroia hit by pitch . Ortiz reached on infield single to second , Pedroia to second . Peralta pitching for Rays . Napoli struck out swinging . Nava grounded out to pitcher , Pedroia to third , Ortiz to second . Drew flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 8th . De La Torre pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third . Rodriguez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Zobrist walked . Longoria struck out looking . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Fuld in left field . McGee pitching for Rays . Ross flied out to center . Iglesias struck out swinging . Ellsbury singled to center . Victorino popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 3 - Rays 8 .	Rays ' 3 homers pelt Lester , Red Sox