Rays - Top 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Jennings doubled to left . Rodriguez struck out looking . Zobrist struck out swinging . Longoria flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Moore pitching for Rays . Gardner singled to center . Nix struck out swinging . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner out at second . Hafner flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Myers singled to center . Molina struck out swinging . Escobar singled to left , Myers to second . Myers to third , Escobar to second on wild pitch by Pettitte . Lobaton hit sacrifice fly to right , Myers scored . Loney struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Moore pitching for Rays . Wells flied out to right . Suzuki flied out to center . Overbay struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Jennings singled to right center , Jennings to second on error by center fielder Gardner . Rodriguez singled to left , Jennings to third . Zobrist singled to right center , Jennings scored , Rodriguez to third . Longoria hit sacrifice fly to right , Rodriguez scored . Myers grounded into double play , third to second to first , Zobrist out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Moore pitching for Rays . Stewart walked . Brignac grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Stewart out at second . Gardner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Molina grounded out to third . Escobar grounded out to third . Lobaton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Moore pitching for Rays . Nix flied out to left . Cano struck out swinging . Hafner lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Loney grounded out to shortstop . Jennings walked . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Zobrist flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Moore pitching for Rays . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki reached on infield single to first . Overbay struck out swinging . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Longoria homered to right ( 368 feet ) . Myers grounded out to third . Molina lined out to first . Escobar flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Moore pitching for Rays . Brignac singled to center . Gardner walked , Brignac to second . Nix walked , Brignac to third , Gardner to second . Brignac scored , Gardner to third , Nix to second on wild pitch by Moore . Cano hit sacrifice fly to center , Gardner scored , Nix to third . Hafner grounded out to shortstop , Nix scored . Wells grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Lobaton flied out to center . Loney struck out swinging . Jennings doubled to left . Rodriguez doubled to deep left center , Jennings scored . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Zobrist struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Moore pitching for Rays . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Overbay hit ground rule double to left . McGee pitching for Rays . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Overbay out at third . Brignac grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Longoria homered to right center ( 384 feet ) . Myers struck out swinging . Joyce hit for Molina . Logan pitching for Yankees . Joyce doubled to deep right . Escobar homered to center ( 416 feet ) , Joyce scored . Lobaton flied out to right . Loney singled to center . Jennings grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Wright pitching for Rays . Gardner reached on infield single to second . Nix struck out swinging . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gardner out at second . Cano to second on fielder 's indifference . Hafner grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Claiborne pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Zobrist singled to center . Longoria walked , Zobrist to second . Myers flied out to right . Joyce struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Farnsworth pitching for Rays . Almonte hit for Wells . Almonte reached on infield single to third . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Almonte out at second . Suzuki to second on fielder 's indifference . Suzuki to third on fielder 's indifference . Overbay walked . Stewart grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Overbay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 8 - Yankees 3 .	Longoria HRs help Rays pummel Yankees