Rays - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Jennings flied out to left . Longoria struck out swinging . Myers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Gardner flied out to left . Suzuki lined out to pitcher . Cano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Zobrist doubled to deep center . Rodriguez flied out to left , Zobrist to third . Escobar doubled to deep center , Zobrist scored . Loney popped out to shortstop . Lobaton walked . Fuld singled to left center , Escobar scored , Lobaton to second . Jennings reached on bunt single to catcher , Lobaton to third , Fuld to second , Lobaton scored , Fuld to third , Jennings to second on throwing error by catcher Romine . Longoria doubled to deep center , Fuld and Jennings scored . Myers singled to left , Longoria scored , Myers tagged out at second attempting to advance on throw . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Soriano flied out to center . Overbay struck out swinging . Nunez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Zobrist walked . Rodriguez reached on infield single to second , deflected by pitcher CC Sabathia , Zobrist to second . Zobrist to third , Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Sabathia . Escobar walked . Loney struck out swinging . Lobaton struck out swinging . Fuld flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Hafner fouled out to third . Lillibridge singled to left . Lillibridge to second on wild pitch by Hellickson . Romine singled to center , Lillibridge scored . Gardner singled to center , Romine to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner out at second , Romine to third . Cano walked , Suzuki to second . Soriano flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Jennings struck out swinging . Longoria flied out to right . Myers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Overbay singled to right . Nunez walked , Overbay to second . Hafner struck out swinging . Lillibridge flied out to center . Romine grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Zobrist flied out to right . Rodriguez doubled to deep left . Escobar grounded out to third , Rodriguez to third . Loney singled to center , Rodriguez scored . Lobaton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Loney out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Gardner flied out to center . Suzuki flied out to right . Cano grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Fuld grounded out to pitcher . Jennings lined out to right . Longoria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Soriano grounded out to third . Overbay grounded out to first . Nunez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Myers singled to right . Zobrist fouled out to left . Joyce walked , Myers to second . Escobar lined out to right . Loney homered to right ( 352 feet ) , Myers and Joyce scored . Lobaton doubled to deep right center . Fuld grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Farnsworth pitching for Rays . Hafner grounded out to pitcher . Lillibridge grounded out to shortstop . Romine struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Jennings walked . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jennings out at second . Myers popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Ramos pitching for Rays . Gardner flied out to left . Mesa doubled to deep right . Adams singled to center , Mesa scored . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Adams out at second . Stewart doubled to deep left , Soriano scored . Nunez flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Zobrist struck out swinging . Joyce walked . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Joyce safe at second on error by shortstop Nunez . Loney lined out to right . Lobaton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at second , Joyce to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Ramos pitching for Rays . Hafner struck out looking . Wright pitching for Rays . Lillibridge singled to center . Romine walked , Lillibridge to second . Gardner reached on infield single to third , Lillibridge to third , Romine to second . Mesa singled to shallow right , Lillibridge scored , Romine to third , Gardner to second . Adams singled to left , Romine scored , Gardner to third , Mesa to second . McGee pitching for Rays . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner scored , Adams out at second , Mesa to third . Rodney pitching for Rays . Soriano to second on fielder 's indifference . Stewart grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 10 - Yankees 6 .	Rays crush Yankees to move into first place