Rays - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Jennings struck out swinging . Zobrist flied out to left . Longoria grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Cobb pitching for Rays . McLouth grounded out to pitcher . Machado grounded out to shortstop . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Joyce walked . Myers struck out looking . Loney struck out swinging . Escobar singled to center , Joyce scored . Molina grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Cobb pitching for Rays . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop . Markakis lined into double play , to first , Jones doubled off first . Wieters safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria . Hardy walked , Wieters to second . Flaherty singled to right , Wieters scored , Hardy to third . Roberts flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Johnson bunt grounded out to pitcher . Jennings walked . Zobrist doubled to deep right , Jennings scored . Longoria singled to center , Zobrist to third . Joyce hit sacrifice fly to right , Zobrist scored , Longoria to second . Myers grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Cobb pitching for Rays . McLouth struck out looking . Machado grounded out to third . Davis hit by pitch . Jones lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Loney singled to center . Escobar grounded out to third , Loney to second . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Johnson reached on infield single to pitcher , Loney to third . Jennings grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Cobb pitching for Rays . Markakis flied out to left . Wieters struck out swinging . Hardy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Zobrist singled to center . Longoria flied out to right . Joyce walked , Zobrist to second . Myers reached on infield single to shortstop , Zobrist to third , Joyce to second . Loney grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Myers out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Cobb pitching for Rays . Flaherty struck out swinging . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . McLouth flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Escobar struck out looking . Molina singled to center . Johnson walked , Molina to second . Jennings grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at second , Molina to third . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Zobrist grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Cobb pitching for Rays . Machado grounded out to shortstop . Davis walked . Jones struck out looking . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Longoria flied out to center . Joyce grounded out to first . Myers grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Cobb pitching for Rays . Wieters walked . Hardy singled to center , Wieters to second . Flaherty walked , Wieters to third , Hardy to second . Torres pitching for Rays . Roberts grounded into double play , third to second , Wieters scored , Hardy out at third , Flaherty out at second , Roberts to first . McLouth struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Loney grounded out to second . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Wright pitching for Rays . Machado flied out to center . Davis singled to right . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Johnson singled to right . Jennings singled to center , Johnson to second . Zobrist grounded out to third , Johnson to third , Jennings to second . Longoria intentionally walked . Joyce doubled to deep right , Johnson and Jennings scored , Longoria to third . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Myers singled to right , Longoria and Joyce scored . Loney singled to center , Myers to second . Escobar singled to left , Myers to third , Loney to second . Molina grounded into double play , third to first , Loney out at third . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Wright pitching for Rays . Markakis walked . Wieters homered to left ( 378 feet ) , Markakis scored . Hardy walked . Rodney pitching for Rays . Flaherty flied out to left . Roberts fouled out to first . McLouth struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 7 - Orioles 4 .	Cobb shuts down Orioles as Rays stay hot