Rangers - Top 1st . Montas pitching for Athletics . Choo grounded out to shortstop . Santana struck out swinging . Andrus singled to center . Andrus stole second . Mazara doubled to deep left center , Andrus scored . Gallo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Grossman struck out swinging . Semien fouled out to first . Chapman homered to left ( 394 feet ) . Davis flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Montas pitching for Athletics . Pence doubled to center . Cabrera singled to left center , Pence scored . Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Montas . Forsythe grounded out to second , Cabrera to third . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to shortstop . Choo struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Piscotty tripled to deep right . Morales grounded out to second , Piscotty scored . Pinder grounded out to second . Laureano hit by pitch . Laureano stole second . Phegley flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Montas pitching for Athletics . Santana singled to center . Andrus grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Santana out at second . Mazara struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Grossman struck out looking . Semien grounded out to third . Chapman walked . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Montas pitching for Athletics . Gallo walked . Pence reached on infield single to third , Gallo to second . Cabrera safe at first on error by pitcher Montas , Pence to second , Gallo to third . Forsythe grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Cabrera to second , Pence to third , Gallo out at home . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Piscotty singled to right center . Morales singled to left , Piscotty to second . Pinder grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Morales out at second , Piscotty to third . Laureano singled to center , Piscotty scored , Pinder to second . Phegley doubled to left , Laureano scored and Pinder scored . Grossman singled to right center , Phegley to third . Semien doubled to deep center , Grossman scored and Phegley scored . Semien to third on wild pitch by Lynn . Chapman walked . Davis singled to left , Semien scored , Chapman to second . Huang pitching for Rangers . Piscotty flied out to center . Morales flied out to left . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Montas pitching for Athletics . Choo struck out swinging . Santana singled to deep right . Andrus lined out to right . Mazara grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Huang pitching for Rangers . Pinder reached on infield single to third . Laureano doubled to deep right center , Pinder scored . Phegley flied out to left . Laureano scored on throwing error by second baseman Santana , Grossman safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Santana . Semien popped out to second . Grossman to second on wild pitch by Huang . Chapman walked . Davis lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 6th . Montas pitching for Athletics . Gallo singled to center . Pence struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right , Gallo to third . Forsythe hit sacrifice fly to right , Gallo scored . Kiner - Falefa walked , Cabrera to second . Petit pitching for Athletics . Choo struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Huang pitching for Rangers . Piscotty singled to center . Morales walked , Piscotty to second . Pinder struck out looking . Laureano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morales out at second , Piscotty to third . Springs pitching for Rangers . Phegley fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Santana flied out to left . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Mazara grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Springs pitching for Rangers . Grossman struck out swinging . Semien walked . Chapman fouled out to first . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Dull pitching for Athletics . Gallo singled to right . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gallo out at second . Cabrera popped out to third . Forsythe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Springs pitching for Rangers . Piscotty singled to right . Morales walked , Piscotty to second . Pinder singled to left , Piscotty scored , Morales to second . Laureano struck out looking . Phegley grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pinder out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Dull pitching for Athletics . Kiner - Falefa doubled to deep center . Choo grounded out to shortstop , Kiner - Falefa to third . Santana homered to right ( 411 feet ) , Kiner - Falefa scored . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Mazara singled to right . Gallo doubled to deep right , Mazara to third . Pence struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 5 - Athletics 11 .	Chapman , Piscotty lead A 's offense in 11 - 5 win over Rangers