Athletics - Top 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Semien struck out looking . Chapman singled to right . Piscotty struck out swinging . Davis lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Montas pitching for Athletics . Benintendi lined out to left . Betts singled to left . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Betts out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Pinder walked . Morales walked , Pinder to second . Laureano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morales out at second , Pinder to third . Laureano stole second . Profar singled to left , Pinder scored and Laureano scored . Profar to second on wild pitch by Rodríguez . Phegley singled to left , Profar scored . Semien struck out looking . Chapman doubled to deep right , Phegley scored . Piscotty grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Montas pitching for Athletics . Bogaerts flied out to right . Devers singled to right . Chavis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Devers out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Davis struck out swinging . Pinder lined out to left . Morales struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Montas pitching for Athletics . Bradley Jr. grounded out to third . Vázquez walked . Lin grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vázquez safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Profar . Benintendi safe at first on error by pitcher Montas , Lin to second , Vázquez to third . Betts singled to right , Vázquez scored , Benintendi to second , Lin to third . Martinez singled to right , Lin scored , Betts to second , Benintendi to third . Bogaerts doubled to deep center , Benintendi scored and Betts scored , Martinez to third . Devers grounded out to second . Chavis singled to center , Martinez scored and Bogaerts scored . Bradley Jr. struck out looking . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Laureano struck out looking . Profar struck out looking . Phegley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Montas pitching for Athletics . Vázquez popped out to second . Frankie Montas pitches to Tzu - Wei Lin . Benintendi struck out swinging . Lin stole second . Betts walked . Lin to third on passed ball by Phegley . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Betts out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Semien singled to center . Semien caught stealing second , first to second . Chapman grounded out to third . Piscotty singled to right center . Davis singled to left center , Piscotty to second . Hembree pitching for Red Sox . Pinder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Montas pitching for Athletics . Bogaerts struck out looking . Devers doubled to deep center . Chavis singled to shallow right , Devers scored . Buchter pitching for Athletics . Bradley Jr. struck out looking . Chavis to second on wild pitch by Buchter . Vázquez intentionally walked . Lin walked , Vázquez to second , Chavis to third . Benintendi flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Brewer pitching for Red Sox . Morales grounded out to second . Laureano walked . Profar grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Laureano out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Betts grounded out to third . Martinez grounded out to second . Bogaerts flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Grossman hit for Phegley . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Grossman walked . Semien walked , Grossman to second . Chapman struck out looking . Semien to second on wild pitch by Workman , Grossman to third on wild pitch by Workman . Piscotty struck out swinging . Brasier pitching for Red Sox . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Hundley catching . Rodney pitching for Athletics . Devers walked . Devers stole second . Chavis struck out swinging . Bradley Jr. singled to center , Devers scored . Bradley Jr. stole second . Vázquez fouled out to third . Lin grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Brasier pitching for Red Sox . Pinder lined out to right . Morales flied out to right . Laureano flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Dull pitching for Athletics . Benintendi reached on infield single to third . Betts singled to left , Benintendi to second . Betts out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice , Benintendi to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Betts out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice , Benintendi to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center , Benintendi scored . Bogaerts doubled to deep left . Devers flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Velázquez pitching for Red Sox . Profar flied out to center . Hundley walked . Semien singled to center , Hundley to second . Chapman walked , Semien to second , Hundley to third . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Piscotty flied out to left . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chapman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 4 - Red Sox 9 .	Bogaerts ' double highlights 6 - run rally ; Red Sox beat A 's