Angels - Top 1st . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Fletcher lined out to center . La Stella singled to right center . Ohtani walked , La Stella to second . Lucroy walked , Ohtani to second , La Stella to third . Calhoun flied out to left . Puello singled to right center , La Stella scored and Ohtani scored , Lucroy to third . Goodwin struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Canning pitching for Angels . Semien flied out to right . Grossman singled to shallow center . Chapman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Grossman out at second . Olson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Rengifo struck out swinging . Walsh struck out looking . Fletcher grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Canning pitching for Angels . Piscotty grounded out to second . Canha struck out looking . Profar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Mengden pitching for Athletics . La Stella fouled out to third . Ohtani safe at first on error by third baseman Chapman . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop , Ohtani to second . Calhoun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Canning pitching for Angels . Laureano fouled out to first . Hundley flied out to center . Semien homered to left ( 392 feet ) . Grossman struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Puello grounded out to third . Goodwin popped out to second . Rengifo walked . Walsh singled to right , Rengifo to third . Fletcher walked , Walsh to second . La Stella flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Canning pitching for Angels . Chapman flied out to left . Olson struck out swinging . Piscotty lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Ohtani struck out swinging . Lucroy struck out looking . Calhoun walked . Puello reached on infield single to second , Calhoun to second . Goodwin singled to center , Calhoun scored , Goodwin to second , Puello to third . Rengifo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Canning pitching for Angels . Canha grounded out to first . Profar popped out to shortstop . Laureano doubled to deep right . Hundley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Walsh struck out swinging . Fletcher singled to right . Buchter pitching for Athletics . La Stella singled to left , Fletcher to second . La Stella caught stealing second , Fletcher caught stealing third , catcher to third . Ohtani walked . Petit pitching for Athletics . Lucroy popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Canning pitching for Angels . Semien grounded out to third . Grossman lined out to center . Chapman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Calhoun reached on infield single to second . Puello homered to left ( 416 feet ) , Calhoun scored . Goodwin singled to center . Rengifo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Goodwin out at second . Walsh struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Anderson pitching for Angels . Olson walked . Piscotty doubled to deep right , Olson to third . Canha hit by pitch . Profar grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Olson scored , Canha out at second , Piscotty to third . Buttrey pitching for Angels . Laureano grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Piscotty scored , Profar out at second . Phegley hit for Hundley . Phegley grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Phegley catching . Wang pitching for Athletics . Fletcher flied out to left . La Stella popped out to shortstop . Ohtani singled to right . Lucroy grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . García pitching for Angels . Semien singled to center . Grossman lined out to center . Chapman struck out swinging . Olson homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Semien scored . Piscotty flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Treinen pitching for Athletics . Calhoun hit by pitch . Puello struck out swinging . Goodwin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Calhoun out at second . Rengifo doubled to deep right center , Goodwin scored . Walsh singled to right , Rengifo scored . Fletcher flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Robles pitching for Angels . Canha homered to center ( 418 feet ) . Profar doubled to deep right center . Laureano reached on infield single to second , Profar to third . Phegley hit sacrifice fly to left , Profar scored . Semien lined out to right . Grossman grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 10th . Trivino pitching for Athletics . La Stella grounded out to second . Ohtani struck out swinging . Lucroy singled to left . Calhoun flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 10th . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Chapman grounded out to shortstop . Olson lined out to right . Piscotty singled to right center . Canha singled to left , Piscotty to second . Profar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 11th . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Puello hit by pitch . Puello to second on wild pitch by Trivino . Goodwin walked . Rengifo sacrificed , Puello scored , Rengifo to second , Goodwin to third . Walsh intentionally walked . Goodwin scored , Walsh to second on passed ball by Phegley , Rengifo to third on passed ball by Phegley . Goodwin scored , Walsh to second on passed ball by Phegley , Rengifo to third on passed ball by Phegley . Fletcher walked . La Stella singled to right , Rengifo scored , Fletcher to second , Walsh to third . Brooks pitching for Athletics . Ohtani struck out looking . Lucroy singled to center , Fletcher scored and Walsh scored , La Stella to second . Calhoun grounded out to first , Lucroy to second , La Stella to third . Puello flied out to right . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 11th . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Laureano struck out swinging . Phegley singled to right . Semien grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Phegley out at second . Pinder hit for Grossman . Semien to second on fielder 's indifference . Pinder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 12 - Athletics 7 .	Angels benefit from rare error by Olson to beat A 's 12 - 7