Athletics - Top 1st . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Semien singled to right . Chapman walked , Semien to second . Olson singled to left center , Semien scored , Chapman thrown out at third . Davis struck out swinging . Piscotty grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Olson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Athletics . DeShields singled to center . Forsythe struck out looking . DeShields caught stealing second , catcher to second . Andrus singled to right . Mazara grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Grossman singled to center . Canha singled to center , Grossman to second . Profar popped out to second . Phegley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Canha to second , Grossman out at third . Semien grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Pence grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Santana popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Chapman struck out swinging . Olson struck out looking . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Odor grounded out to shortstop . Mathis struck out looking . DeShields flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Piscotty struck out swinging . Grossman grounded out to second . Canha popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Forsythe safe at first on error by shortstop Semien . Andrus struck out swinging . Mazara singled to left , Forsythe to second . Pence safe at first on error by pitcher Anderson , Mazara to second , Forsythe out at home . Cabrera popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Profar grounded out to second . Phegley lined out to right . Semien homered to left ( 438 feet ) . Chapman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Odor grounded out to first . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Olson doubled to left . Davis struck out swinging . Piscotty struck out swinging . Grossman popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . DeShields singled to right . Forsythe struck out looking . Andrus tripled to deep right , DeShields scored . Mazara grounded out to first , Andrus scored . Pence homered to left center ( 439 feet ) . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Miller pitching for Rangers . Canha singled to left center . Profar grounded out to second , Canha to second . Phegley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Phegley safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus , Canha safe at third on error by shortstop Andrus . Semien singled to right , Canha scored , Phegley to second . Chapman struck out swinging . Olson flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Santana grounded out to third . Odor singled to center . Mathis walked , Odor to second . DeShields reached on bunt single to first , Mathis to second , Odor to third . Petit pitching for Athletics . Forsythe struck out swinging . Andrus flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Davis lined out to left . Piscotty lined out to right . Grossman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Mazara singled to right . Mazara to second on wild pitch by Petit . Pence flied out to left . Cabrera flied out to center . Santana struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Canha struck out looking . Profar doubled to third . Phegley flied out to center . Semien homered to right ( 376 feet ) , Profar scored . Chapman popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Laureano in center field . Treinen pitching for Athletics . Odor flied out to center . Guzm치n hit for Mathis . Guzm치n singled to right . DeShields walked , Guzm치n to second . Forsythe walked , DeShields to second , Guzm치n to third . Andrus grounded into double play , third to second to first , Forsythe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 5 - Rangers 3 .	Semien 's second homer gives Athletics 5 - 3 win over Rangers