Athletics - Top 1st . Smyly pitching for Rangers . Semien popped out to second . Canha flied out to left . Chapman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Montas pitching for Athletics . Choo singled to right . Santana flied out to right . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Choo out at second . Mazara grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Smyly pitching for Rangers . Davis grounded out to third . Piscotty reached on infield single to third . Olson homered to right ( 407 feet ) , Piscotty scored . Pinder singled to left center . Laureano singled to right , Pinder to third . Phegley hit sacrifice fly to left , Pinder scored . Laureano caught stealing second , first to second . Drew Smyly pitches to Marcus Semien . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Montas pitching for Athletics . Pence struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to center . Odor doubled to left . Guzmán flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Smyly pitching for Rangers . Semien walked . Canha struck out swinging . Chapman struck out swinging . Davis homered to left ( 403 feet ) , Semien scored . Piscotty reached on infield single to third . Olson walked , Piscotty to second . Pinder flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Montas pitching for Athletics . Federowicz struck out looking . Choo struck out swinging . Santana tripled to right . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Miller pitching for Rangers . Laureano reached on infield single to shortstop , Laureano safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera . Phegley walked . Semien doubled to deep left , Phegley scored and Laureano scored , Semien to third . Canha hit sacrifice fly to center , Semien scored . Chapman singled to center . Davis struck out swinging . Piscotty grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Chapman out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Montas pitching for Athletics . Mazara safe at first on error by shortstop Semien . Pence singled to right , Mazara to second . Cabrera grounded out to first , Pence to second , Mazara to third . Odor singled to center , Mazara scored on error by center fielder Laureano and Pence scored , Odor safe at second on error by center fielder Laureano . Guzmán walked . Federowicz struck out swinging . Choo flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Fairbanks pitching for Rangers . Olson struck out swinging . Pinder struck out looking . Laureano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Montas pitching for Athletics . Santana struck out swinging . Andrus struck out swinging . Mazara struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Fairbanks pitching for Rangers . Phegley grounded out to third . Semien safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera . Canha grounded into double play , third to second to first , Semien out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Montas pitching for Athletics . Pence struck out swinging . Cabrera homered to right ( 383 feet ) . Odor struck out swinging . Guzmán hit ground rule double to deep center . Federowicz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Chapman grounded out to third . Davis grounded out to third . Piscotty lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Choo singled to right . Santana grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Choo out at second . Andrus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Olson grounded out to first . Pinder struck out swinging . Laureano grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Mazara flied out to left . Pence reached on infield single to third . Cabrera doubled to right , Pence scored . Odor doubled to deep left , Cabrera scored . Guzmán reached on infield single to second , Odor to third . Forsythe hit for Federowicz . Forsythe struck out looking . Buchter pitching for Athletics . Odor scored by stealing home . Choo grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Mathis catching . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Phegley singled to center . Semien popped out to shortstop . Phegley to second on wild pitch by Leclerc . Canha struck out swinging . Chapman hit by pitch . Davis singled to left , Phegley scored , Chapman to second . Davis to second on passed ball by Mathis , Chapman to third on passed ball by Mathis . Piscotty popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Treinen pitching for Athletics . Santana grounded out to first . Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop . Mazara singled to right , Andrus to third . Pence struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right , Andrus scored , Mazara to third . DeShields ran for Cabrera . Mazara scored , DeShields to second on passed ball by Phegley . Odor walked . Guzmán lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Rangers 8 .	Davis homers for 1st time in month , A 's beat Rangers 9 - 8