Mariners - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Smith grounded out to first . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Santana grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Leake pitching for Mariners . Semien flied out to center . Chapman struck out looking . Olson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Vogelbach walked . Seager struck out swinging . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Vogelbach out at second . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Leake pitching for Mariners . Davis homered to right center ( 394 feet ) . Canha reached on infield single to third , Canha safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Seager . Grossman doubled to center , Canha scored . Laureano grounded out to pitcher . Profar struck out swinging . Taylor struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Williamson grounded out to first . Nola singled to right . Smith homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Nola scored . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Santana grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Leake pitching for Mariners . Semien singled to center . Chapman grounded out to third , Semien to second . Olson flied out to center . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Vogelbach struck out looking . Seager lined out to right . Murphy singled to left . Gordon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Leake pitching for Mariners . Canha popped out to first . Grossman grounded out to shortstop . Laureano homered to center ( 433 feet ) . Profar flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Williamson grounded out to third . Nola grounded out to pitcher . Smith safe at first on error by second baseman Profar . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Leake pitching for Mariners . Taylor reached on infield single to first . Semien lined out to right . Chapman fouled out to first . Olson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Buchter pitching for Athletics . Vogelbach struck out looking . Seager flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Leake pitching for Mariners . Davis popped out to shortstop . Canha struck out swinging . Grossman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Murphy struck out swinging . Gordon singled to center . Gordon picked off first . Williamson singled to right . Narváez hit for Nola . Williamson to second on wild pitch by Hendriks . Narváez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Moore at first base . Leake pitching for Mariners . Laureano struck out looking . Profar doubled to left . Taylor grounded out to second , Profar to third . Semien popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Smith singled to right . Smith caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Crawford walked . Santana safe at first on error by right fielder Canha , Crawford safe at second on error by right fielder Canha . Vogelbach walked , Santana to second , Crawford to third . Seager doubled to right , Crawford scored and Santana scored , Vogelbach to third . Petit pitching for Athletics . Murphy hit sacrifice fly to center , Vogelbach scored , Seager to third . Gordon tripled to right , Seager scored . Williamson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Adams pitching for Mariners . Chapman doubled to deep right . Olson struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . Canha walked . Grossman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Soria pitching for Athletics . Moore struck out looking . Smith struck out swinging . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Elías pitching for Mariners . Laureano safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford . Profar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Laureano out at second . Piscotty hit for Taylor . Piscotty grounded into double play , third to second to first , Profar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Mariners 6 - Athletics 3 .	Seager , Mariners rally in 8th to beat Athletics 6 - 3