Rays - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Athletics . d'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop . Pham grounded out to third . Meadows flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Stanek pitching for Rays . Semien struck out swinging . Olson struck out swinging . Chapman walked . Davis singled to right , Chapman to second . Laureano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . García singled to left . Brosseau singled to right , García to second . Adames grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Brosseau out at second , García to third . Wendle grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Adames out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Stanek pitching for Rays . Canha walked . Yarbrough pitching for Rays . Profar lined out to left . Pinder singled to right , Canha to second . Phegley reached on infield single to third , Canha scored on throwing error by shortstop Adames , Phegley safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Adames , Pinder to second , Pinder safe at third on . Semien flied out to right . Olson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Heredia popped out to first . Zunino walked . d'Arnaud homered to center ( 434 feet ) , Zunino scored . Pham walked . Meadows singled to center , Pham to second . García doubled to right , Pham scored and Pham scored , García to second , Meadows to third . Brosseau grounded into fielder 's choice to third , García to third , Meadows out at home . Adames grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Yarbrough pitching for Rays . Chapman grounded out to third . Davis struck out looking . Laureano lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Wendle singled to left . Heredia doubled to left center , Wendle scored . Zunino singled to shallow left , Heredia to third . d'Arnaud singled to left , Heredia scored , Zunino to second . Schlitter pitching for Athletics . Pham singled to center , d'Arnaud to second , Zunino to third . Meadows doubled to deep left , Pham scored , Zunino scored and d'Arnaud scored . García singled to left , Meadows to third . Brosseau struck out swinging . Adames grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , García out at second . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Yarbrough pitching for Rays . Canha popped out to shortstop . Profar grounded out to shortstop . Pinder doubled to deep center . Phegley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Schlitter pitching for Athletics . Wendle reached on infield single to pitcher . Heredia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wendle out at second . Zunino reached on infield single to shortstop . d'Arnaud lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Yarbrough pitching for Rays . Semien flied out to left . Olson flied out to left . Chapman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Brooks pitching for Athletics . Pham flied out to right . Meadows hit by pitch . García flied out to left . Brosseau struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Yarbrough pitching for Rays . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Laureano struck out swinging . Canha flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Grossman in left field . Pinder at third base . Brooks pitching for Athletics . Adames flied out to center . Wendle singled to left center . Heredia struck out swinging . Wendle to second on passed ball by Phegley . Zunino flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Yarbrough pitching for Rays . Profar struck out looking . Pinder singled to right . Phegley lined out to left . Semien doubled to deep center , Pinder scored . Olson popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Wendelken pitching for Athletics . d'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop . Pham flied out to center . Meadows grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Roe pitching for Rays . Grossman grounded out to shortstop . Davis flied out to center . Laureano lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Wendelken pitching for Athletics . García walked . Brosseau fouled out to first . García to second on wild pitch by Wendelken . Adames flied out to right . Wendle grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Poché pitching for Rays . Canha lined out to third . Profar popped out to shortstop . Pinder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 8 - Athletics 2 .	Rays come out swinging to beat A 's 8 - 2 , end long stretch