White Sox - Top 1st . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . García grounded out to third . Moncada flied out to center . Abreu singled to center . Reed struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Covey pitching for White Sox . Semien doubled to deep right center . Chapman doubled to deep right , Semien scored . Olson walked . Davis walked , Olson to second , Chapman to third . Canha struck out swinging . Grossman singled to left , Chapman scored and Olson scored , Davis to second . Laureano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grossman out at second , Davis to third . Herrmann singled to right , Davis scored , Laureano to second . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Barreto homered to left ( 396 feet ) , Laureano scored and Herrmann scored . Semien grounded out to third . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Jiménez walked . Jay lined out to shortstop . Sánchez struck out looking . Cordell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Chapman singled to right . Olson grounded into double play , first to shortstop to second , Chapman out at second . Davis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Collins struck out swinging . García grounded out to shortstop . Moncada grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Canha walked . Grossman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Canha out at second . Laureano walked , Grossman to second . Herrmann grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Laureano out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Abreu grounded out to second . Reed walked . Jiménez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reed out at second . Jay singled to center , Jiménez to third . Sánchez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Barreto grounded out to third . Semien reached on infield single to third . Chapman doubled to left , Semien to third . Olson singled to deep right , Semien scored , Chapman to third . Davis singled to center , Chapman scored , Olson to second . Canha singled to left , Olson scored , Canha safe at second on error by left fielder Jiménez , Davis to second , Davis safe at third on error by left fielder Jiménez . Grossman grounded out to second , Davis scored , Canha to third . Laureano struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 5th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Cordell singled to left . Collins struck out swinging . García struck out swinging . Moncada flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Herrmann struck out swinging . Barreto walked . Semien lined out to center . Chapman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Reed flied out to right . Jiménez singled to left . Jay grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jiménez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Rondón at shortstop . Herrera pitching for White Sox . Olson doubled to right . Davis flied out to center . Olson to third on wild pitch by Herrera . Canha walked . Grossman walked , Canha to second . Laureano hit by pitch , Olson scored , Grossman to second , Canha to third . Fry pitching for White Sox . Herrmann struck out swinging . Barreto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Laureano out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Pinder at third base . Treinen pitching for Athletics . Sánchez walked . Cordell fouled out to left . Collins singled to left center , Sánchez to second . Rondón singled to left , Sánchez scored , Collins to second . Rondón to second on wild pitch by Treinen , Collins to third on wild pitch by Treinen . Moncada grounded out to second , Collins scored , Rondón to third . Abreu popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Pinder grounded out to shortstop . Olson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Reed struck out looking . Jiménez grounded out to shortstop . Jay singled to right . Tilson ran for Jay . Sánchez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Profar hit for Davis . Tilson in right field . Colomé pitching for White Sox . Profar grounded out to shortstop . Canha tripled to center . Grossman walked . Laureano hit sacrifice fly to center , Canha scored . Herrmann struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Profar as designated hitter . Schlitter pitching for Athletics . Cordell flied out to center . Collins fouled out to third . Rondón grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 2 - Athletics 13 .	Barreto , A 's score 7 in 1st inning , rout White Sox 13 - 2