Athletics - Top 1st . Keller pitching for Royals . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Grossman flied out to right . Chapman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Merrifield reached on infield single to shortstop . Soler lined out to right . Dozier lined out to center . Gordon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Keller pitching for Royals . Olson struck out swinging . Canha singled to center . Brown singled to left , Canha to third . Davis walked , Brown to second . Profar walked , Canha scored , Davis to second , Brown to third . Phegley walked , Brown scored , Profar to second , Davis to third . Semien tripled to deep right center , Davis scored , Profar scored and Phegley scored . López pitching for Royals . Grossman struck out looking . Chapman grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Bailey pitching for Athletics . O'Hearn grounded out to first . Viloria grounded out to shortstop . Starling singled to center . Phillips homered to right ( 346 feet ) , Starling scored . Lopez grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Royals . Olson singled to deep right . Canha singled to left , Olson to second . Brown singled to left center , Olson scored , Canha to second . Davis struck out swinging . Profar grounded out to second , Brown to second , Canha to third . Phegley reached on infield single to catcher , Canha scored , Brown to third . Semien homered to left center ( 425 feet ) , Brown scored and Phegley scored . Grossman struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Merrifield grounded out to third . Soler singled to left center . Soler to second on wild pitch by Bailey . Dozier lined out to center . Gordon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Chapman grounded out to second . Olson walked . Canha singled to right center , Olson to third . Brown struck out swinging . Davis singled to right , Olson scored , Canha to third . Profar grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Bailey pitching for Athletics . O'Hearn lined out to center . Viloria grounded out to shortstop . Starling flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Phegley reached on infield single to first . Semien popped out to second . Grossman singled to left , Phegley to second . Phegley to third on wild pitch by Zimmer . Chapman doubled to right , Phegley scored , Grossman to third . Olson doubled to deep left , Chapman scored and Grossman scored . Staumont pitching for Royals . Canha struck out swinging . Brown grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Phillips grounded out to second . Lopez singled to right . Merrifield grounded out to second , Lopez to second . Soler singled to left , Lopez scored . Dozier lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Staumont pitching for Royals . Davis lined out to center . Profar homered to right ( 367 feet ) . Phegley struck out looking . Semien struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Gordon grounded out to first . O'Hearn struck out swinging . Viloria singled to center . Starling singled to center , Viloria to second . Phillips struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Soler in right field . Alex Gordon pitching for Royals . Starling in left field . Grossman grounded out to second . Chapman homered to center ( 447 feet ) . Olson reached on infield single to second . Canha popped out to shortstop . Brown popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Joseph at third base . Puk pitching for Athletics . Lopez struck out swinging . Merrifield flied out to left . Soler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Gordon pitching for Royals . Davis singled to left . Profar singled to right center , Davis to third . Phegley singled to left , Davis scored , Profar to third . Semien grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Profar scored , Phegley out at second . Grossman walked , Semien to second . Arteaga pitching for Royals . Joseph grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Grossman out at second , Semien to third . Herrmann hit for Olson . Herrmann lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Herrmann in left field . Brown at first base . Puk pitching for Athletics . Dozier walked . Arteaga singled to center , Dozier to second . Cuthbert hit for O'Hearn . Cuthbert fouled out to first . Viloria grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Arteaga out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Cuthbert at first base . Arteaga pitching for Royals . Canha flied out to right . Brown flied out to left . Davis homered to left center ( 411 feet ) . Profar walked . Phegley singled to left , Profar to second . Pinder hit for Semien . Pinder flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Pinder at shortstop . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Starling singled to left . Phillips struck out looking . Lopez doubled to right , Starling to third . Merrifield grounded out to first , Starling scored , Lopez to third . Soler walked . Dozier struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 19 - Royals 4 .	Oakland sets season highs for runs , hits in 19 - 4 win over KC