Giants - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Lewis singled to left . Castillo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lewis out at second . Winn lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Misch pitching for Giants . Taveras singled to right center . Baker struck out swinging . Taveras stole second . Holliday struck out swinging , Taveras stole third . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Molina flied out to right . Rowand grounded out to third . Aurilia walked . Denker flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Misch pitching for Giants . Atkins singled to left . Hawpe singled to center , Atkins to second . Iannetta hit by pitch , Atkins to third , Hawpe to second . Quintanilla singled to left center , Atkins scored , Hawpe to third , Iannetta to second . Cook singled to center , Hawpe scored , Iannetta to third , Quintanilla to second . Taveras hit sacrifice fly to center , Iannetta scored , Quintanilla to third . Baker hit sacrifice fly to right , Quintanilla scored . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cook out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Vizquel grounded out to first . Misch struck out looking . Lewis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Misch pitching for Giants . Helton singled to left . Atkins flied out to right . Hawpe grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Castillo doubled to deep right . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Castillo out at third . Molina lined out to right . Rowand grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Misch pitching for Giants . Iannetta flied out to center . Quintanilla singled to left center . Cook sacrificed to pitcher , Quintanilla to second . Taveras struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Aurilia singled to deep right center . Denker grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Aurilia out at second . Vizquel singled to right , Denker to second . Durham hit for Misch . Durham safe at third on error by center fielder Taveras , Denker scored , Durham advanced to second on play , Durham out at third in rundown . Lewis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Chulk pitching for Giants . Baker hit ground rule double to deep center . Holliday hit by pitch . Helton homered to left , Baker and Holliday scored . Atkins lined out to left . Hawpe flied out to left . Iannetta grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Castillo singled to center . Winn singled to center , Castillo to second . Molina flied out to center , Castillo to third . Rowand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castillo scored , Winn out at second . Aurilia flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Chulk pitching for Giants . Quintanilla doubled to deep center . Cook sacrificed to third , Quintanilla to third . Taveras grounded out to third , Quintanilla scored . Baker singled to right . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Herrera at second base . Cook pitching for Rockies . Denker struck out swinging . Vizquel fouled out to third . Burriss hit for Chulk . Burriss singled to left . Lewis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Hinshaw pitching for Giants . Burriss at shortstop . Helton singled to center . Atkins homered to left , Helton scored . Hawpe struck out swinging . Iannetta struck out swinging . Quintanilla struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Castillo singled to right . Bowker hit for Winn . Bowker tripled to deep left center , Castillo scored . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Molina grounded out to shortstop , Bowker scored . Rowand hit ground rule double to deep right . Aurilia grounded out to third . Denker flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Bowker in right field . Sadler pitching for Giants . Podsednik hit for Corpas . Podsednik popped out to shortstop . Taveras lined out to right . Herrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Vizcaino pitching for Rockies . Horwitz hit for Sadler . Horwitz homered to left . Burriss doubled to deep right . Lewis flied out to center . Castillo lined out to left . Bowker flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 5 - Rockies 10 .	Helton , Atkins hammer Giants as Rockies cruise