Padres - Top 1st . Correia pitching for Giants . Giles homered to right . Rodriguez flied out to center . Gerut struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Banks pitching for Padres . Winn singled to right . Ochoa bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Winn out at second . Lewis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ochoa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Correia pitching for Giants . Kouzmanoff popped out to second . Headley grounded out to first . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Banks pitching for Padres . Molina struck out swinging . Rowand flied out to center . Sandoval flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Correia pitching for Giants . Hundley flied out to center . Banks popped out to first . Giles walked . Rodriguez reached on infield single to second , Giles to second . Gerut grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Banks pitching for Padres . Ishikawa walked . Burriss singled to shallow left , Ishikawa to second . Correia bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ishikawa out at third , Burriss to second . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Correia out at second , Burriss to third . Winn stole second . Ochoa lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Correia pitching for Giants . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Kouzmanoff singled to right center . Headley singled to right , Kouzmanoff to third . Gonzalez singled to center , Kouzmanoff scored , Headley to second . Hundley singled to right , Headley scored , Gonzalez to third . Banks sacrificed to third , Hundley to second . Giles intentionally walked . Rodriguez flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Banks pitching for Padres . Lewis doubled to center . Molina doubled to left , Lewis scored . Rowand hit by pitch . Sandoval singled to left , Molina to third , Rowand to second . Hampson pitching for Padres . Aurilia hit for Ishikawa . Aurilia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at home , Rowand to third , Sandoval to second . Burriss struck out swinging . Correia fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Sandoval at first base . Aurilia at third base . Correia pitching for Giants . Gerut grounded out to first . Gonzalez flied out to left . Kouzmanoff singled to left . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Hampson pitching for Padres . Winn singled to left . Ochoa bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Winn out at second . Lewis singled to right , Ochoa to third . Falkenborg pitching for Padres . Molina singled to deep left center , Ochoa scored , Lewis to second . Rowand fouled out to first . Sandoval singled to right , Lewis scored , Molina to second . Aurilia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at third , Sandoval to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Correia pitching for Giants . Gonzalez lined out to right . Hundley flied out to center . Hairston hit for Falkenborg . Hairston struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Adams pitching for Padres . Burriss walked . Vizquel hit for Correia . Vizquel sacrificed to first , Burriss to second . Winn singled to right , Burriss scored . Ochoa popped out to shortstop . Lewis singled to right , Winn to third . Molina homered to left center , Winn and Lewis scored . Rowand flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Taschner pitching for Giants . Vizquel at shortstop . Giles lined out to second . Rodriguez flied out to left . Gerut singled to right . Gonzalez singled to right , Gerut to third . Yabu pitching for Giants . Kouzmanoff flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Ledezma pitching for Padres . Sandoval grounded out to shortstop . Aurilia lined out to right . Burriss walked . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Yabu pitching for Giants . Headley hit by pitch . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Headley out at second . Hundley hit by pitch , Gonzalez to second . Bard hit for Ledezma . Bard singled to left , Gonzalez scored , Hundley to second . Hinshaw pitching for Giants . Giles lined out to right . Rodriguez reached on infield single to second , Hundley to third , Bard to second . Gerut struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Bell pitching for Padres . Winn walked . Velez hit for Hinshaw . Velez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Winn out at second . Lewis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Wilson pitching for Giants . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . Headley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 4 - Giants 7 .	Molina 's HR , five RBIs power Giants past Padres