Red Sox - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Punto lined out to shortstop . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Pedroia singled to left . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Jackson doubled to left . Boesch flied out to left , Jackson to third . Cabrera singled to right , Jackson scored . Fielder singled to right , Cabrera to second . Young struck out swinging . Avila walked , Cabrera to third , Fielder to second . Peralta doubled to deep center , Cabrera , Fielder and Avila scored . Dirks flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Ortiz singled to right . McDonald walked , Ortiz to second . Sweeney fouled out to third . Aviles doubled to deep right center , Ortiz and McDonald scored . Shoppach hit by pitch . Punto popped out to shortstop . Ellsbury walked , Aviles to third , Shoppach to second . Pedroia struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Raburn hit by pitch . Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop , Raburn to third . Boesch struck out looking . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Raburn scored . Fielder flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez singled to right . Ortiz doubled to deep center , Gonzalez scored . McDonald struck out swinging . Sweeney reached on infield single to shortstop , Ortiz to third . Aviles singled to left , Ortiz scored , Sweeney to second . Shoppach hit by pitch , Sweeney to third , Aviles to second . Punto hit sacrifice fly to center , Sweeney scored , Aviles to third , Shoppach to second . Aviles scored , Shoppach to third on balk by Scherzer . Ellsbury singled to left , Shoppach scored . Balester pitching for Tigers . Pedroia grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ellsbury out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Young grounded out to shortstop . Avila walked . Peralta flied out to center . Dirks grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Balester pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez flied out to center . Ortiz singled to left . McDonald flied out to right . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Raburn singled to left center . Jackson singled to left center , Raburn to second . Boesch singled to right , Raburn scored , Jackson to third . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jackson scored , Boesch out at second . Fielder grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Balester pitching for Tigers . Aviles grounded out to third . Shoppach flied out to right . Punto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Young lined out to shortstop . Avila grounded out to pitcher . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Balester pitching for Tigers . Ellsbury doubled to left . Pedroia flied out to right , Ellsbury to third . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez homered to right center ( 409 feet ) , Ellsbury scored . Ortiz struck out swinging . McDonald flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Dirks singled to right center . Raburn struck out swinging . Jackson struck out swinging . Boesch struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Sweeney grounded out to second . Aviles grounded out to third . Shoppach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Fielder flied out to left . Young reached on infield single to third . Avila grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Punto doubled to deep center . Ellsbury grounded out to first , Punto to third . Villarreal pitching for Tigers . Pedroia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Punto out at home , Pedroia to second . Coke pitching for Tigers . Pedroia to third on wild pitch by Coke . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Peralta grounded out to second . Dirks grounded out to first . Raburn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Coke pitching for Tigers . McDonald singled to right . Ross hit for Sweeney . Ross singled to shallow right , McDonald to second . Aviles sacrificed to first , McDonald to third , Ross to second . Dotel pitching for Tigers . Shoppach struck out swinging . Punto reached on infield single to shortstop , McDonald scored , Ross to third . Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Ross in right field . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Jackson singled to right . Boesch reached on infield single to second , Jackson to second . Cabrera homered to left ( 393 feet ) , Jackson and Boesch scored . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Fielder struck out swinging . Young grounded out to third . Avila flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 10th . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Pedroia walked . Gonzalez flied out to center . Ortiz flied out to center . McDonald struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 10th . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Peralta struck out looking . Worth hit for Dirks . Worth singled to left . Raburn flied out to center . Worth to second on wild pitch by Morales . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 11th . Worth at second base . Raburn in left field . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Ross walked . Aviles singled to right , Ross to third . Saltalamacchia hit for Shoppach . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Punto singled to left center , Ross scored , Aviles to third . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Pedroia singled to left , Aviles scored , Punto to third . Below pitching for Tigers . Pedroia stole second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 11th . Saltalamacchia catching . Melancon pitching for Red Sox . Boesch grounded out to first . Cabrera singled to right . Fielder singled to left , Cabrera to second . Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Melancon . Young hit sacrifice fly to center , Cabrera scored . Avila homered to right ( 361 feet ) , Fielder scored . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 12 - Tigers 13 .	Red Sox blow it as Tigers win in 11th \n\n