Rangers - Top 1st . Wilk pitching for Tigers . Kinsler singled to left . Andrus struck out swinging . Hamilton singled to right , Kinsler to third . Beltre struck out swinging . Young singled to left , Kinsler scored , Hamilton to second . Cruz flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Jackson flied out to right . Boesch walked . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Boesch to second . Fielder grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Wilk pitching for Tigers . Napoli homered to right . ( 370 feet ) . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Gentry singled to right center . Gentry stole second , Gentry out at third advancing on play . Kinsler singled to shallow center . Andrus singled to left , Kinsler to second . Hamilton grounded out to first . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Young flied out to left . Avila grounded out to shortstop . Kelly singled to center . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Wilk pitching for Tigers . Beltre flied out to left . Young fouled out to first . Cruz singled to right . Cruz caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Napoli batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Santiago walked . Jackson struck out looking . Boesch struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Wilk pitching for Tigers . Napoli singled to left . Torrealba flied out to left . Gentry reached on bunt single to third , Napoli to second . Kinsler flied out to right , Napoli to third , Gentry to second . Andrus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Fielder walked . Young doubled to deep right , Fielder to third . Avila struck out swinging . Kelly grounded out to second , Fielder scored , Young to third . Peralta flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Wilk pitching for Tigers . Hamilton walked . Balester pitching for Tigers . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hamilton safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera . Hamilton to third , Beltre to second on wild pitch by Balester . Young walked . Cruz safe at first on error by second baseman Santiago , Hamilton scored , Beltre to third , Young to second . Napoli struck out swinging . Torrealba hit sacrifice fly to center , Beltre scored . Young stole third , Cruz stole second . Gentry struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Santiago flied out to center . Jackson grounded out to third . Boesch flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Balester pitching for Tigers . Kinsler popped out to shortstop . Andrus walked . Andrus stole second . Hamilton walked . Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop , Andrus to third , Hamilton to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Andrus scored , Beltre out at second , Hamilton to third . Cruz flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Cabrera flied out to right . Fielder struck out swinging . Young walked . Young to second on wild pitch by Darvish , Young out at third advancing on play . Avila batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Balester pitching for Tigers . Napoli grounded out to third . Torrealba singled to left . Gentry flied out to left . Kinsler hit by pitch , Torrealba to second . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Andrus walked , Torrealba to third , Kinsler to second . Hamilton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Avila walked . Kelly grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Avila safe at second on error by second baseman Kinsler . Peralta struck out swinging . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Santiago popped out to shortstop . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 8th . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Beltre flied out to center . Young singled to right . Cruz doubled to deep right , Young scored . Napoli intentionally walked . Torrealba doubled to right , Cruz scored , Napoli to third . Gentry struck out swinging . Kinsler doubled to deep right , Napoli and Torrealba scored . Andrus singled to center , Kinsler scored . Below pitching for Tigers . Hamilton flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Ross pitching for Rangers . Boesch flied out to center . Cabrera singled to center . Fielder singled to center , Cabrera to second . Young struck out swinging . Avila walked , Cabrera to third , Fielder to second . Kelly singled to left center , Cabrera and Fielder scored , Avila to second . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Peralta grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Below pitching for Tigers . Beltre flied out to left . Young reached on infield single to second . Cruz singled to center , Young to second . Napoli grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Santiago lined out to shortstop . Jackson flied out to center . Boesch grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 10 - Tigers 3 .	Darvish , Napoli lead Rangers    \n\n