Indians - Top 1st . Crosby pitching for Tigers . Choo grounded out to first . Cabrera flied out to center . Kipnis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Lowe pitching for Indians . Berry singled to left . Boesch singled to left , Berry to third . Cabrera flied out to right . Fielder singled to center , Berry scored , Boesch to third . Young singled to right , Boesch scored , Fielder to second . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second , Fielder to third . Fielder scored , Peralta to second on wild pitch by Lowe . Kelly singled to right , Peralta scored . Worth struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Crosby pitching for Tigers . Santana singled to deep left , Santana out stretching at second . Lopez walked . Brantley struck out swinging . Lopez to second on wild pitch by Crosby . Duncan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Lowe pitching for Indians . Holaday grounded out to shortstop . Berry struck out swinging . Boesch grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Crosby pitching for Tigers . Kotchman grounded out to second . Marson flied out to center . Choo singled to center . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Lowe pitching for Indians . Cabrera grounded out to third . Fielder walked . Young flied out to center . Peralta reached on infield single to third , Fielder to second , Fielder to third , Peralta to second on throwing error by third baseman Lopez . Kelly grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 4th . Crosby pitching for Tigers . Kipnis walked . Santana struck out swinging . Kipnis stole second . Lopez doubled to right , Kipnis scored . Brantley safe at first on error by first baseman Fielder , Lopez to third . Duncan grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Brantley out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Lowe pitching for Indians . Worth singled to left . Holaday sacrificed to pitcher , Worth to second . Berry struck out swinging . Boesch hit ground rule double to deep center , Worth scored . Cabrera homered to right ( 361 feet ) , Boesch scored . Fielder grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Crosby pitching for Tigers . Kotchman singled to right . Marson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kotchman out at second . Choo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Lowe pitching for Indians . Young struck out swinging . Peralta popped out to shortstop . Kelly grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Crosby pitching for Tigers . Cabrera walked . Kipnis doubled to right center , Cabrera to third . Santana grounded out to second , Cabrera scored , Kipnis to third . Villarreal pitching for Tigers . Lopez hit sacrifice fly to right , Kipnis scored . Brantley struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Barnes pitching for Indians . Worth fouled out to right . Holaday grounded out to pitcher . Berry bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Villarreal pitching for Tigers . Duncan fouled out to first . Kotchman popped out to third . Marson singled to center . Coke pitching for Tigers . Choo singled to left center , Marson to third . Cabrera doubled to deep left , Marson and Choo scored . Kipnis reached on infield single to shortstop , Cabrera to third . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Santana walked , Kipnis to second . Lopez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Barnes pitching for Indians . Boesch grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Fielder grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Young in left field . Kelly in right field . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Brantley singled to shallow center . Damon hit for Duncan . Damon popped out to shortstop . Kotchman singled to right , Brantley to second . Marson grounded out to third , Brantley to third , Kotchman to second . Choo popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Damon in left field . Accardo pitching for Indians . Young struck out swinging . Peralta singled to center . Kelly walked , Peralta to second . Worth grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kelly out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Cabrera flied out to left . Kipnis flied out to center . Santana flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - Tigers 7 .	Cabrera homers as Tigers hold off Indians