Rockies - Top 1st . Fister pitching for Tigers . Fowler lined out to shortstop . Scutaro grounded out to third . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Jackson struck out swinging . Boesch grounded out to third . Cabrera homered to right center ( 393 feet ) . Fielder flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Fister pitching for Tigers . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Giambi grounded out to shortstop . Helton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Young grounded out to shortstop . Peralta fouled out to catcher . Raburn walked . Raburn to second on wild pitch by Friedrich . Laird flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Fister pitching for Tigers . Pacheco grounded out to third . Rosario struck out swinging . Nelson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Santiago struck out swinging . Jackson walked . Boesch walked , Jackson to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Boesch out at second , Jackson to third . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Fowler struck out looking . Scutaro grounded out to third . Gonzalez reached on infield single to third . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Young singled to deep right , Young out stretching at second . Peralta walked . Raburn singled to left , Peralta to second . Laird flied out to center . Santiago hit by pitch , Peralta to third , Raburn to second . Jackson walked , Peralta scored , Raburn to third , Santiago to second . Boesch grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Giambi flied out to left . Helton doubled to deep left . Pacheco hit by pitch . Rosario struck out swinging . Nelson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Cabrera singled to pitcher . Cabrera to third on throwing error by pitcher Friedrich , Cabrera scored on throwing error by catcher Rosario . Fielder grounded out to shortstop . Young struck out swinging . Peralta flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Fowler struck out swinging . Scutaro walked . Gonzalez singled to right , Scutaro to second . Cuddyer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Raburn struck out swinging . Laird flied out to center . Santiago singled to right . Santiago picked off first . Jackson batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Giambi singled to right . Helton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Giambi out at second . Pacheco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Jackson walked . Boesch lined out to center . Cabrera singled to center , Jackson to third . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Fielder hit sacrifice fly to right , Jackson scored . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Kelly in right field . Coke pitching for Tigers . Rosario singled to left . Nelson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rosario out at second . Fowler bunt popped out to third . Nelson to second on passed ball by Laird . Scutaro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Peralta singled to right center . Raburn struck out looking . Laird flied out to left . Santiago reached on infield single to second , Peralta to second . Jackson walked , Peralta to third , Santiago to second . Kelly grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez doubled to deep right , Gonzalez to third on throwing error by right fielder Kelly . Cuddyer grounded out to second , Gonzalez scored . Giambi struck out swinging . Helton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 1 - Tigers 4 .	Tigers handle Rockies as Fister shines in return