Tigers - Top 1st . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Jackson struck out looking . Berry lined out to left . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Ellsbury singled to left . Crawford grounded out to first , Ellsbury to second . Pedroia struck out looking . Gonzalez walked . Ellsbury stole third . Ross walked , Gonzalez to second . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Fielder flied out to right . Young flied out to right . Boesch flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Middlebrooks singled to center . Shoppach struck out looking . Ciriaco lined out to shortstop . Ellsbury grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Middlebrooks out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Avila lined out to right . Peralta struck out swinging . Infante reached on infield single to shortstop . Jackson hit by pitch , Infante to second . Berry walked , Infante to third , Jackson to second . Cabrera walked , Infante scored , Jackson to third , Berry to second . Mortensen pitching for Red Sox . Fielder flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Crawford flied out to right . Pedroia grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Mortensen pitching for Red Sox . Young grounded out to third . Boesch walked . Boesch stole second . Avila walked . Peralta flied out to right . Infante grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Ross singled to center . Saltalamacchia singled to center , Ross to second . Middlebrooks struck out swinging . Shoppach walked , Ross to third , Saltalamacchia to second . Ciriaco singled to right , Ross scored , Saltalamacchia to third , Shoppach to second . Ellsbury walked , Saltalamacchia scored , Shoppach to third , Ciriaco to second . Crawford reached on infield single to second , Shoppach scored , Ciriaco to third , Ellsbury to second , Ciriaco scored on error by second baseman Infante . Pedroia grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crawford out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 5th . Mortensen pitching for Red Sox . Jackson singled to center . Jackson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Berry struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Ross struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Mortensen pitching for Red Sox . Fielder walked . Young flied out to center . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Raburn hit for Boesch . Raburn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fielder out at second . Avila singled to right , Raburn to third . Peralta walked , Avila to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 1 - Red Sox 4 .	Beckett injured in Red Sox 's rain - shortened win