Tigers - Top 1st . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Jackson popped out to second . Dirks doubled to deep right . Cabrera struck out swinging . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop . Hamilton homered to left center ( 435 feet ) , Andrus scored . Beltre grounded out to pitcher . Cruz grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Boesch grounded out to first . Young grounded out to second . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Young grounded out to shortstop . Murphy grounded out to second . Soto flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Peralta grounded out to first . Infante singled to left . Jackson lined out to right . Dirks grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Moreland singled to left . Kinsler doubled to deep center , Moreland scored , Kinsler to third advancing on throw . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kinsler scored , Andrus to second on throwing error by pitcher Porcello . Hamilton singled to right , Andrus scored , Hamilton to third on error by right fielder Boesch . Beltre grounded out to third . Cruz grounded out to third . Young grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Cabrera singled to center . Fielder walked , Cabrera to second . Boesch grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fielder out at second , Cabrera to third . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Boesch out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Murphy fouled out to catcher . Soto singled to center . Moreland doubled to deep right , Soto to third . Kinsler hit sacrifice fly to right , Soto scored , Moreland to third . Andrus grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Avila walked . Peralta singled to right , Avila to second . Infante doubled to deep left , Avila scored , Peralta to third . Jackson struck out swinging . Dirks struck out swinging . Cabrera doubled to deep left , Peralta and Infante scored . Fielder intentionally walked . Boesch grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at third , Fielder to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Hamilton struck out swinging . Beltre grounded out to second . Cruz singled to right . Cruz stole second . Young grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Young grounded out to first . Avila struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Murphy singled to left . Soto grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Murphy out at second . Moreland grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Infante struck out swinging . Jackson struck out swinging . Dirks walked . Cabrera walked , Dirks to second . Ross pitching for Rangers . Fielder flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Villarreal pitching for Tigers . Kinsler grounded out to pitcher . Andrus singled to center . Hamilton walked , Andrus to second . Andrus stole third , Hamilton stole second , Andrus scored , Hamilton to third on wild pitch by Villarreal , Hamilton safe at third on throwing error by catcher Avila . Hamilton scored on Villarreal 's wild pitch . Beltre singled to left . Downs pitching for Tigers . Beltre to second on wild pitch by Downs . Cruz struck out swinging . Young intentionally walked . Murphy flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 8th . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Baker hit for Boesch . Baker struck out looking . Young popped out to first . Avila walked . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Baker in right field . Downs pitching for Tigers . Soto struck out swinging . Moreland struck out swinging . Kinsler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Infante grounded out to third . Jackson flied out to right . Dirks popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - Rangers 8 .	Hamilton leads Rangers by Tigers    \n\n