Blue Jays - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Davis popped out to shortstop . Rasmus flied out to center . Encarnacion flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Jackson reached on infield single to third , Jackson to second on throwing error by third baseman Vizquel . Infante grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to first , Jackson to third . Fielder walked . Peralta walked , Fielder to second . Young walked , Jackson scored , Fielder to third , Peralta to second . Baker flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Cooper doubled to deep left . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out swinging . Vizquel walked . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Dirks walked . Laird walked , Dirks to second . Jackson singled to shallow right , Dirks to third , Laird to second . Infante walked , Dirks scored , Laird to third , Jackson to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Laird scored , Infante out at second , Jackson to third . Fielder lined out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Gose struck out swinging . Davis flied out to left . Rasmus walked . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Peralta grounded out to third . Young singled to center . Baker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Cooper struck out looking . Escobar flied out to center . Johnson singled to right center . Vizquel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Dirks flied out to center . Laird grounded out to third . Jackson doubled to deep right . Infante grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . Gose struck out swinging . Davis singled to left . Rasmus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Fielder doubled to deep center . Peralta flied out to right . Young grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Encarnacion homered to left ( 362 feet ) . Cooper singled to left . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cooper out at second . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Baker walked . Dirks singled to left center , Baker to third , Dirks to second on error by left fielder Davis . Laird walked . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Baker out at home , Dirks to third , Laird to second . Infante singles on ground ball to first , Dirks scored , Laird to third , Jackson to second . Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Laird scored . Fielder walked , Jackson to third , Infante to second . Peralta fouled out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Berry in left field . Dirks in right field . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Vizquel lined out to center . Mathis lined out to third . Gose struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays . Young reached on infield single to third . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Berry sacrificed to pitcher , Young to second . Dirks grounded out to third . Laird flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Dotel pitching for Tigers . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus struck out swinging . Encarnacion singled to left center . Cooper doubled to deep center , Encarnacion scored . Escobar singled to deep right , Cooper scored . Coke pitching for Tigers . Sierra hit for Johnson . Sierra singled to center , Escobar to second . McCoy ran for Sierra . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Vizquel popped out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . McCoy at second base . Lyon pitching for Blue Jays . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Infante flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Mathis doubled to deep left . Gose popped out to shortstop . Davis hit by pitch . Rasmus flied out to center . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 3 - Tigers 5 .	Tigers take advantage of wild Romero in win