Cardinals - Top 1st . Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus struck out swinging . Pujols singled to left . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out swinging . Upton walked . Drew doubled to deep left center , Upton scored . Young singled to center , Drew scored , Young to second advancing on throw . Young to third on wild pitch by Carpenter . Branyan walked . Montero struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks . Berkman homered to right ( 400 feet ) . Freese homered to center ( 432 feet ) . Schumaker doubled to deep left center . Molina flied out to left . Carpenter struck out swinging . Theriot flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Roberts flied out to center . Galarraga struck out swinging . Bloomquist doubled to deep center . Johnson hit by pitch . Upton homered to left ( 478 feet ) , Bloomquist and Johnson scored . Drew grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks . Rasmus homered to right ( 388 feet ) . Pujols grounded out to third . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Berkman singled to right . Freese lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Young singled to left . Branyan singled to center , Young to third . Montero struck out swinging . Roberts intentionally walked , Branyan to second . Galarraga grounded out to shortstop , Young scored , Branyan to third , Roberts to second . Bloomquist flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker grounded out to first . Molina grounded out to third . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Johnson grounded out to second . Upton grounded out to third . Drew singled to center . Young homered to left center ( 413 feet ) , Drew scored . Branyan grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks . Theriot doubled to deep left . Rasmus flied out to center . Pujols singled to center , Theriot to third . Holliday singled to center , Theriot scored , Pujols to second . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Holliday out at second , Pujols to third . Freese walked , Berkman to second . Schumaker walked , Pujols scored , Berkman to third , Freese to second . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Schumaker out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Tallet pitching for Cardinals . Montero doubled to deep right . Roberts singled to center , Montero to third . Mora hit for Galarraga . Mora hit sacrifice fly to left , Montero scored , Roberts to second . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop , Roberts to third . Johnson walked . Upton walked , Johnson to second . Drew grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Mickolio pitching for Diamondbacks . Jay hit for Tallet . Jay walked . Theriot singled to right , Jay to third . Rasmus singled to right , Jay scored , Theriot to third . Pujols struck out looking . Holliday struck out swinging . Berkman singled to center , Theriot scored , Rasmus to third . Freese singled to center , Rasmus scored , Berkman to second . Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker walked , Berkman to third , Freese to second . Molina grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Augenstein pitching for Cardinals . Young flied out to left . Branyan doubled to deep right center . Montero intentionally walked . Roberts doubled to left , Branyan scored , Montero to third . Miranda hit for Paterson . Miranda homered to right center ( 425 feet ) , Montero and Roberts scored . Bloomquist lined out to center . Johnson struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Augenstein singled to center . Theriot popped out to shortstop . Rasmus flied out to left . Pujols singled to center , Augenstein to third . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Augenstein pitching for Cardinals . Upton struck out swinging . Drew struck out looking . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Young walked . Branyan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Berkman lined out to first . Freese struck out swinging . Schumaker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Montero singled to shallow right . Roberts grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Montero out at second . Parra hit for Hernandez . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina grounded out to second . Descalso hit for Motte . Descalso flied out to right . Theriot singled to center . Rasmus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Diamondbacks 13 .	D - backs batter Carpenter , Cards with long ball