Cardinals - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Theriot lined out to right . Rasmus reached on bunt single to catcher . Pujols hit ground rule double to deep left , Rasmus to third . Holliday walked . Rasmus scored , Pujols to third , Holliday to second on wild pitch by Kennedy . Berkman grounded out to second , Pujols scored , Holliday to third . Freese grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Johnson walked . Drew flied out to left . Upton struck out swinging . Branyan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker lined out to first . Laird reached on infield single to shortstop . Westbrook struck out bunting foul . Theriot hit by pitch , Laird to second . Rasmus doubled to deep right , Laird and Theriot scored . Pujols walked . Holliday hit by pitch , Rasmus to third , Pujols to second . Berkman homered to left ( 387 feet ) , Rasmus , Pujols and Holliday scored . Freese grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Young grounded out to third . Montero lined out to center . Mora grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker flied out to left . Laird doubled to right . Westbrook doubled to deep left , Laird scored . Theriot grounded out to third . Rasmus flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Parra reached on infield single to shortstop . Nady hit for Kennedy . Nady grounded out to , Parra tagged out at second . Johnson flied out to left . Drew grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Holliday struck out swinging . Berkman walked . Freese singled to left , Berkman to second . Schumaker homered to right center ( 409 feet ) , Berkman and Freese scored . Laird doubled to right center . Westbrook grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Upton walked . Branyan homered to left ( 410 feet ) , Upton scored . Young struck out swinging . Montero grounded out to first . Mora singled to right . Parra safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Theriot , Mora to second . Heilman grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Theriot reached on infield single to shortstop . Rasmus doubled to deep right , Theriot to third . Pujols singled to center , Theriot and Rasmus scored . Holliday struck out swinging . Berkman grounded out to first , Pujols to second . Freese singled to right , Pujols scored . Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Jay in left field . Craig in right field . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Johnson grounded out to second . Drew struck out looking . Upton safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols . Branyan singled to center , Upton to second . Young singled to left center , Upton scored , Branyan to second . Montero doubled to left , Branyan scored , Young to third . Mora reached on infield single to second , Young scored , Montero to third . Parra flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Vásquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Laird flied out to right . Westbrook popped out to shortstop . Theriot doubled to right , Theriot to third on error by right fielder Upton . Rasmus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Roberts hit for Vasquez . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Roberts singled to center . Johnson flied out to left . Drew singled to right , Roberts to second . Batista pitching for Cardinals . Upton grounded into double play , third to first , Roberts out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Roberts at shortstop . Descalso hit for Pujols . Descalso doubled to deep center . Jay grounded out to second , Descalso to third . Craig struck out swinging . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Descalso at third base . Freese at first base . Batista pitching for Cardinals . Branyan walked . Young flied out to left . Blanco hit for Montero . Blanco popped out to second . Mora popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Blanco catching . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker lined out to third . Laird flied out to right . Greene hit for Batista . Greene struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Sanchez pitching for Cardinals . Greene at shortstop . Parra grounded out to second . Roberts struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez struck out swinging . Rasmus struck out looking . Descalso singled to left . Jay grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Miranda hit for Paterson . Sanchez pitching for Cardinals . Miranda struck out swinging . Upton doubled to right . Branyan struck out swinging . Upton to third on wild pitch by Sanchez . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 15 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Berkman slam leads Cardinals ' rout of D - backs