Cardinals - Top 1st . Happ pitching for Astros . Punto lined out to left . Freese singled to left . Pujols grounded into double play , third to second to first , Freese out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Bourn lined out to second . Sanchez singled to center . Pence grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Happ pitching for Astros . Holliday walked . Berkman popped out to shortstop . Molina struck out swinging . Greene popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Lee lined out to second . Wallace grounded out to second . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Happ pitching for Astros . Jay singled to center . Lohse struck out swinging . Punto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Towles singled to left center . Inglett grounded out to third , Towles to second . Happ walked . Bourn grounded out to first , Towles to third , Happ to second . Sanchez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Happ pitching for Astros . Freese lined out to second . Pujols flied out to right . Holliday homered to left ( 363 feet ) . Berkman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Pence struck out swinging . Lee flied out to center . Wallace singled to center . Johnson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Happ pitching for Astros . Molina flied out to center . Greene homered to left ( 370 feet ) . Jay walked . Lohse struck out looking . Punto reached on infield single to second , Jay to second . Freese struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Towles grounded out to shortstop . Inglett struck out swinging . Downs hit for Happ . Downs popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Del Rosario pitching for Astros . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Holliday singled to left . Berkman singled to right , Holliday to third . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Berkman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Bourn grounded out to first . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Pence grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Del Rosario pitching for Astros . Greene struck out swinging . Jay singled to shallow left . Lohse sacrificed to pitcher , Jay to second . Punto singled to shallow center , Jay scored . Punto stole second . Freese hit by pitch . Valdez pitching for Astros . Pujols singled to left , Punto scored , Freese to second . Holliday singled to left , Freese scored , Pujols to second . Berkman singled to right , Pujols scored , Holliday to third . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Berkman out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Lee grounded out to third . Wallace doubled to deep center . Johnson flied out to right . Towles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Inglett at third base . Bourgeois at second base . Greene reached on infield single to third . Jay grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Greene out at second . Hamilton hit for Lohse . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Inglett doubled to deep left . Bourgeois singled to center , Inglett to third , Bourgeois to second advancing on throw . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Bourn walked . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Inglett scored , Bourn out at second , Bourgeois to third . Pence singled to center , Bourgeois scored , Sanchez to second . Lee struck out swinging . Wallace singled to left , Sanchez scored , Pence to second . Bogusevic hit for Rodriguez . Bogusevic popped out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Melancon pitching for Astros . Punto grounded out to shortstop . Freese singled to right center . Pujols walked , Freese to second . Holliday grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Sanchez pitching for Cardinals . Towles struck out looking . Inglett singled to right . Bourgeois tripled to deep center , Inglett scored . Bourn hit sacrifice fly to right , Bourgeois scored . Sanchez doubled to deep right . Pence struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Astros 5 .	Lohse dominates early ; Cards hold off Astros late