Marlins - Top 1st . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Coghlan grounded out to first . Infante flied out to center . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Theriot flied out to right . Craig doubled to left . Pujols popped out to third . Holliday homered to right ( 365 feet ) , Craig scored . Berkman walked . Rasmus struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop . Stanton struck out looking . Dobbs grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Molina singled to shallow center . Descalso safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez , Molina to second . McClellan bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Molina out at third , Descalso to second . Theriot walked , Descalso to third , McClellan to second . Craig walked , Descalso scored , McClellan to third , Theriot to second . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McClellan out at home , Theriot to third , Craig to second . Holliday fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 3rd . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Buck walked . Bonifacio walked , Buck to second . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Buck to third , Bonifacio to second . Coghlan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Buck scored , Sanchez out at second , Bonifacio to third . Bonifacio scored , Coghlan to second on wild pitch by McClellan . Infante grounded out to shortstop , Coghlan to third . Ramirez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Berkman flied out to right . Rasmus struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez reached on infield single to third . Stanton singled to center , Sanchez to third . Dobbs singled to left , Sanchez scored , Stanton to second . Buck singled to center , Stanton scored , Dobbs to second . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Buck out at second , Dobbs to third . Sanchez popped out to second . Coghlan struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Descalso singled to left . McClellan grounded out to first , Descalso to second . Theriot grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Descalso out at second . Theriot stole second . Craig walked . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Infante lined out to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez singled to left . Stanton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Holliday singled to center . Berkman walked , Holliday to second . Rasmus singled to center , Holliday scored , Berkman to second . Molina flied out to right , Berkman to third . Descalso walked , Rasmus to second . Jay hit for McClellan . Mujica pitching for Marlins . Jay grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Berkman out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Punto at second base . Descalso at third base . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Dobbs grounded out to second . Buck flied out to right . Bonifacio singled to left . Cousins hit for Mujica . Cousins walked , Bonifacio to second . Coghlan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Marlins . Theriot struck out swinging . Punto singled to left . Pujols grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Punto out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Infante grounded out to third . Ramirez singled to center . Ramirez stole second . Ramirez to third on wild pitch by Salas . Sanchez singled to left , Ramirez scored . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sanchez out at second . Dobbs struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Marlins . Holliday struck out swinging . Berkman walked . Rasmus singled to right , Berkman to third . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Berkman out at home , Rasmus to second . Hensley pitching for Marlins . Helms at third base . Descalso homered to right ( 390 feet ) , Rasmus and Molina scored . Hamilton hit for Salas . Hamilton grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Greene in right field . Buck flied out to right . Bonifacio grounded out to third . Helms grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Hensley pitching for Marlins . Theriot grounded out to first . Punto walked . Pujols flied out to center . Holliday popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Sanchez pitching for Cardinals . Coghlan hit by pitch . Infante flied out to right . Ramirez walked , Coghlan to second . Sanchez flied out to center . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 5 - Cardinals 7 .	Descalso , Holliday power Cards past Marlins