Cardinals - Top 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus doubled to deep left center . Pujols reached on infield single to third , Rasmus to third . Holliday singled to left , Rasmus scored , Pujols to third , Holliday to second advancing on throw . Berkman intentionally walked . Molina grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Berkman out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Fukudome walked . Barney singled to center , Fukudome to second . Byrd singled to right , Fukudome to third , Barney to second . Ramirez singled to center , Fukudome and Barney scored , Byrd to second . Soriano grounded into double play , third to second , Byrd out at third , Ramirez out at second , Soriano to first . Pena singled to center , Soriano to third . Castro walked , Pena to second . Hill hit for Soto . Hill popped out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Hill catching . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Punto struck out swinging . Descalso lined out to left . Carpenter flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Zambrano flied out to center . Fukudome grounded out to shortstop . Barney singled to center . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Theriot lined out to shortstop . Rasmus lined out to center . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez singled to left . Soriano flied out to center . Pena singled to right , Ramirez to second . Castro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Holliday struck out swinging . Berkman walked . Molina doubled to deep right center , Berkman scored . Punto tripled to deep left , Molina scored . Descalso flied into double play , center to catcher to third , Punto doubled off third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Hill lined out to pitcher . Zambrano singled to right . Fukudome struck out looking . Barney grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Carpenter flied out to center . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez singled to right . Soriano struck out swinging . Pena popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Pujols doubled to deep right . Holliday struck out swinging . Berkman flied out to center , Pujols to third . Molina lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Castro singled to right . Hill flied out to center . Zambrano sacrificed to pitcher , Castro to second . Fukudome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Punto singled to center . Descalso singled to center , Punto to second . Carpenter sacrificed to third , Punto to third , Descalso to second . Theriot hit sacrifice fly to right , Punto scored , Descalso to third . Rasmus flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Barney singled to center . Byrd singled to left center , Barney to second . Ramirez fouled out to third . Soriano hit by pitch , Barney to third , Byrd to second . Pena hit sacrifice fly to right , Barney scored , Byrd to third . Castro singled to right , Byrd scored , Soriano to second . Hill grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Pujols reached on infield single to shortstop . Holliday walked , Pujols to second . Berkman flied out to right , Pujols to third , Holliday to second . Molina intentionally walked . Punto lined out to left . Descalso singled to right , Pujols and Holliday scored , Molina to third , Descalso to second advancing on throw . Jay hit for Carpenter . Jay walked . Theriot struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Batista pitching for Cardinals . Jay in right field . DeWitt hit for Wood . DeWitt lined out to right . Fukudome grounded out to second . Barney hit by pitch . Byrd lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Grabow pitching for Cubs . Rasmus grounded out to second . Mateo pitching for Cubs . Pujols singled to center . Holliday struck out swinging . Hamilton hit for Batista . Russell pitching for Cubs . Hamilton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Sanchez pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez flied out to right . Soriano struck out swinging . Pena walked . Pena to second on fielder 's indifference . Castro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Cubs 4 .	Carpenter tops Cubs for first win