Cardinals - Top 1st . Garza pitching for Cubs . Theriot struck out looking . Rasmus flied out to shortstop . Pujols lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Fukudome flied out to center . Barney grounded out to shortstop . Byrd grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Garza pitching for Cubs . Holliday struck out swinging . Berkman lined out to left . Laird struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez singled to center . Pena walked , Ramirez to second . Castro singled to center , Ramirez to third , Pena to second , Ramirez tagged out at home attempting to advance on play . Soriano flied out to right . Hill grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Garza pitching for Cubs . Punto hit ground rule double to deep right . Descalso walked . Westbrook sacrificed to third , Punto to third , Descalso to second . Theriot reached on infield single to pitcher , Punto scored , Descalso to third . Rasmus lined into double play , to first , Theriot doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Garza struck out swinging . Fukudome singled to center . Barney singled to right , Fukudome to second . Byrd hit by pitch , Fukudome to third , Barney to second . Ramirez singled to left , Fukudome scored , Barney to third , Byrd to second . Pena doubled to left center , Barney and Byrd scored , Ramirez to third . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Castro singled to center , Ramirez and Pena scored , Castro to third on error by center fielder Rasmus . Soriano singled to shallow center , Castro scored . Hill struck out swinging . Garza struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 4th . Garza pitching for Cubs . Pujols walked . Holliday struck out looking . Berkman struck out looking . Laird struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Fukudome doubled to deep right . Barney grounded out to shortstop . Byrd singled to left , Fukudome to third , Fukudome tagged out at home attempting to advance on play . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Garza pitching for Cubs . Punto singled to right center . Punto to second on wild pitch by Garza . Descalso flied out to center . Franklin struck out swinging . Theriot walked . Rasmus flied out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Pena singled to shallow right . Castro tripled to deep right center , Pena scored . Soriano singled to center , Castro scored . Hill tripled to right , Soriano scored . Colvin hit for Garza . Colvin grounded out to shortstop , Hill scored . Fukudome struck out swinging . Barney flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Pujols grounded out to third . Craig flied out to right . Berkman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Byrd singled to left . Baker grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Byrd out at second . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Laird doubled to shallow left . Punto walked . Descalso flied out to right . Hamilton flied out to left . Theriot reached on infield single to shortstop , Laird to third , Punto to second . Rasmus reached on infield single to shortstop , Laird scored , Punto to third , Theriot to second . Pujols singled to left center , Punto and Theriot scored , Rasmus to third . Berg pitching for Cubs . Craig struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Castro singled to left center . Soriano struck out swinging . Hill doubled to left , Castro scored . Colvin struck out swinging . Berg grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Berg pitching for Cubs . Greene flied out to center . Laird struck out swinging . Punto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Batista pitching for Cardinals . Barney flied out to center . Byrd popped out to second . Baker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Descalso walked . Hamilton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Descalso out at second . Jay singled to center . Rasmus singled to left , Jay to second , Jay to third , Rasmus to second on error by left fielder Soriano . Molina hit for Batista . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Cubs 11 .	Cubs hammer Cardinals for 11 runs on 17 hits