Cardinals - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Theriot grounded out to pitcher . Rasmus grounded out to shortstop . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Werth struck out looking . Bernadina lined out to right . Zimmerman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Berkman fouled out to third . Brown flied out to right . Jay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Nix flied out to left . Morse homered to left ( 385 feet ) . Espinosa grounded out to second . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Schumaker struck out swinging . McClellan lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Werth safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Pujols . Bernadina singled to right , Werth to second . Zimmerman singled to center , Werth scored , Bernadina to second . Nix grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Theriot singled to right . Rasmus struck out swinging . Theriot caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Pujols flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Morse hit ground rule double to deep left center . Espinosa doubled to deep left center , Morse to third . Rodriguez singled to right , Morse scored , Espinosa to third . Hernandez sacrificed to first , Rodriguez to second . Desmond safe at first on error by third baseman Pujols , Espinosa scored , Rodriguez to third . Werth popped out to second . Bernadina doubled to left , Rodriguez scored , Desmond to third . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Berkman flied out to right . Brown grounded out to second . Jay doubled to deep left . Molina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Nix struck out looking . Morse grounded out to second . Espinosa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Schumaker lined out to second . Greene hit for McClellan . Greene struck out swinging . Theriot grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Greene at shortstop . Rodriguez doubled to deep right . Hernandez sacrificed to third , Rodriguez to third . Desmond singled to center , Rodriguez scored . Werth grounded into double play , third to second to first , Desmond out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Rasmus lined out to left . Pujols flied out to center . Berkman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Cruz catching . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Bernadina singled to center . Zimmerman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bernadina out at second . Nix singled to right center . Morse homered to left center ( 445 feet ) , Nix scored . Espinosa homered to right ( 419 feet ) . Rodriguez singled to right . Hernandez safe at first on error by shortstop Greene , Rodriguez to third . Hamilton at first base . Tallet pitching for Cardinals . Desmond fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 8th . Bixler in left field . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Jay reached on infield single to shortstop . Cruz popped out to second . Schumaker grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Descalso at third base . Tallet pitching for Cardinals . Werth homered to center ( 395 feet ) . Bernadina grounded out to first . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Bixler popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Greene struck out looking . Hamilton struck out swinging . Rasmus popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 0 - Nationals 10 .	Hernandez , Nats whip Cards