Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Johnson grounded out to second . Drew grounded out to second . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker struck out looking . Freese popped out to second . Pujols grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Young popped out to second . Montero grounded out to shortstop . Burroughs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday grounded out to third . Berkman homered to right ( 384 feet ) . Rasmus grounded out to third . Laird singled to center . Lohse grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Miranda fouled out to shortstop . Parra grounded out to pitcher . Kennedy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Descalso walked . Schumaker doubled to deep right , Descalso to third . Freese reached on infield single to third . Pujols hit sacrifice fly to left , Descalso scored . Holliday doubled to left center , Schumaker scored , Freese to third . Berkman walked . Rasmus grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Freese out at home , Holliday to third , Berkman to second . Laird grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rasmus out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Johnson grounded out to first . Drew doubled to right center . Upton walked . Young tripled to deep left center , Drew and Upton scored . Montero singled to right , Young scored . Burroughs grounded out to second , Montero to second . Miranda flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Lohse grounded out to pitcher . Descalso grounded out to second . Schumaker singled to right . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schumaker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Parra singled to left . Kennedy struck out bunting foul . Johnson flied out to center . Drew grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Holliday fouled out to catcher . Berkman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Upton flied out to left . Young flied out to center . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Rasmus lined out to center . Laird struck out swinging . Lohse grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Burroughs flied out to center . Miranda singled to center . Parra walked , Miranda to second . Roberts hit for Kennedy . Roberts singled to left center , Miranda to third , Parra to second . Johnson homered to right ( 381 feet ) , Miranda , Parra and Roberts scored . Drew flied out to right . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Upton singled to right . Young reached on infield single to second , Upton to second . Montero struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Descalso singled to right . Schumaker struck out swinging . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Descalso out at second . Pujols struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Valdes pitching for Cardinals . Burroughs grounded out to pitcher . Miranda struck out swinging . Parra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday homered to left center ( 427 feet ) . Berkman singled to right center . Castillo pitching for Diamondbacks . Rasmus flied out to left . Laird lined out to second . Punto hit for Valdes . Punto singled to right center , Berkman to third . Descalso doubled to left , Berkman and Punto scored . Schumaker walked . Demel pitching for Diamondbacks . Freese struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Pena hit for Demel . Pena grounded out to third . Johnson walked . Drew flied out to right . Upton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols walked . Holliday fouled out to first . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols safe at second on error by shortstop Drew . Rasmus struck out swinging . Jay hit for Laird . Jay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Cardinals 6 .	D - backs hold off Cardinals after Johnson 's slam