Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Johnson walked . Drew lined out to center . Upton lined into double play , second to first , Johnson doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Theriot reached on infield single to third , Theriot to second on throwing error by third baseman Burroughs . Freese flied out to right , Theriot to third . Pujols singled to center , Theriot scored . Pujols to second on wild pitch by Hudson . Holliday struck out swinging . Berkman walked . Rasmus popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Young singled to left . Montero singled to left , Young to second . Burroughs sacrificed to pitcher , Young to third , Montero to second . Bloomquist walked . Miranda struck out swinging . Hudson singled to center , Young and Montero scored , Bloomquist to second , Bloomquist scored , Hudson to second on error by center fielder Rasmus . Johnson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina grounded out to third . Carpenter struck out swinging . Schumaker doubled to deep left . Theriot flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Drew flied out to left . Upton doubled to right . Young doubled to right , Upton scored . Montero singled to center , Young to third . Burroughs grounded into double play , first to catcher to third to first , Young out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Pujols walked . Holliday reached on infield single to second , Pujols to second . Berkman struck out swinging . Rasmus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Bloomquist lined out to right . Miranda walked . Hudson sacrificed to catcher , Miranda to second . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Carpenter doubled to deep right center . Schumaker grounded out to second , Carpenter to third . Theriot grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Drew fouled out to third . Upton walked . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Upton out at second . Young stole second . Young to third on passed ball by Molina . Montero popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Freese flied out to center . Pujols struck out swinging . Holliday singled to right . Berkman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Burroughs grounded out to second . Bloomquist singled to right . Miranda lined out to right . Hudson singled to center , Bloomquist to second . Johnson hit ground rule double to deep right , Bloomquist scored , Hudson to third . Drew flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Rasmus singled to right . Molina hit ground rule double to deep right , Rasmus to third . Punto hit for Carpenter . Punto walked . Demel pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker singled to right , Rasmus scored , Molina to third , Punto to second . Theriot grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Molina scored , Schumaker out at second , Punto to third . Freese flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Upton singled to left . Young hit by pitch , Upton to second . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Montero flied out to center , Upton to third . Roberts hit for Burroughs . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Roberts singled to left , Upton scored , Young to second . Bloomquist grounded out to pitcher , Young to third , Roberts to second . Miranda flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Roberts at third base . Brazoban pitching for Diamondbacks . Nady at first base . Pujols singled to deep left center . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at second . Berkman walked , Holliday to second . Rasmus flied out to right , Holliday to third . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Nady struck out swinging . Johnson flied out to left . Drew grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Jay hit for Lynn . Brazoban pitching for Diamondbacks . Jay singled to center . Schumaker singled to right center , Jay to second , Jay to third on error by right fielder Upton . Theriot flied out to center , Jay scored on error by center fielder Young . Freese struck out looking . Pujols homered to left ( 407 feet ) , Schumaker scored . Holliday struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Upton flied out to right . Young grounded out to pitcher . Montero struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Berkman singled to center . Rasmus bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Berkman out at second . Molina walked , Rasmus to second . Cruz hit for Salas . Cruz doubled to deep right center , Rasmus scored , Molina to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Cardinals 7 .	Pujols HR keys Cards