Cardinals - Top 1st . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Furcal singled to right . Patterson flied out to right . Pujols homered to left ( 375 Feet ) , Furcal scored . Holliday struck out swinging . Berkman doubled to left center . Schumaker reached on infield single to second , Berkman to third . Cruz flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Bonifacio grounded out to second . Amezaga grounded out to second . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Descalso doubled to left . Carpenter struck out bunting foul . Furcal grounded out to first , Descalso to third . Patterson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Morrison singled to left . Sanchez flied out to center . Dobbs struck out swinging . Buck singled to right , Morrison to third . Wise struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Holliday doubled to left . Berkman walked . Schumaker lined into double play , to shortstop , Holliday doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Nolasco grounded out to shortstop . Bonifacio grounded out to second . Amezaga singled to shallow center . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Cruz flied out to right . Descalso singled to left . Carpenter singled to center , Descalso to second . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Carpenter out at second , Descalso to third . Patterson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Furcal out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Morrison struck out swinging . Sanchez walked . Dobbs singled to center , Sanchez to third . Buck walked , Dobbs to second . Wise hit by pitch , Sanchez scored , Dobbs to third , Buck to second . Nolasco grounded into double play , first to catcher to second , Dobbs out at home . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Pujols grounded out to third . Holliday fouled out to first . Berkman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Bonifacio safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols . Bonifacio caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Amezaga grounded out to third . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Schumaker grounded out to first . Cruz safe at first on error by shortstop Bonifacio . Descalso safe at first on error by second baseman Amezaga , Cruz to second . Carpenter struck out bunting foul . Furcal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Morrison grounded out to second . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher . Dobbs lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Patterson reached on bunt single to third . Pujols reached on infield single to third , Patterson to second . Holliday flied out to center . Berkman flied out to right . Schumaker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Buck struck out swinging . Wise grounded out to second . Petersen hit for Nolasco . Petersen reached on infield single to shortstop . Dotel pitching for Cardinals . Bonifacio walked , Petersen to second . Amezaga struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Mujica pitching for Marlins . Petersen in center field . Cruz struck out swinging . Descalso reached on infield single to second . Jay hit for Dotel . Jay singled to center , Descalso to third . Furcal grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jay out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Stanton walked . Morrison grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stanton out at second . Sanchez reached on infield single to second . Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals . Dobbs grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Nunez pitching for Marlins . Patterson grounded out to second . Pujols struck out swinging . Holliday singled to right . Berkman singled to deep right , Holliday to third , Berkman out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Buck flied out to center . Cameron hit for Nunez . Cameron walked . Petersen popped out to second . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 2 - Marlins 1 .	Cards edge Marlins