Brewers - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Hart singled to right . Morgan bunt popped out to first . Kotsay doubled to deep left , Hart scored . Fielder singled to center , Kotsay scored . McGehee grounded into double play , third to second to first , Fielder out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Furcal homered to right ( 395 feet ) . Jay struck out swinging . Pujols homered to center ( 409 feet ) . Berkman struck out swinging . Freese walked . Craig popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop . Lopez bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Betancourt out at second . Lucroy flied out to center . Gallardo walked , Lopez to second . Hart grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Molina lined out to center . Theriot flied out to right . Carpenter flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Morgan grounded out to second . Kotsay walked . Fielder grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kotsay out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Furcal safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez . Jay grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Furcal out at second . Pujols singled to center , Jay to third . Berkman singled to center , Jay scored , Pujols to second . Freese grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Berkman out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . McGehee fouled out to third . Betancourt singled to left center . Lopez walked , Betancourt to second . Lucroy fouled out to first . Gallardo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Craig flied out to right . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Theriot flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Hart struck out swinging . Morgan singled to shallow left . Kotsay singled to left , Morgan to second . Fielder struck out swinging . McGehee lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Carpenter struck out looking . Furcal grounded out to second . Jay singled to right . Jay stole second . Pujols singled to center , Jay scored . Berkman singled to right , Pujols to third . Pujols scored , Berkman to second on wild pitch by Gallardo . Freese grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Betancourt singled to center . Lopez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Betancourt out at second . Lucroy popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Loe pitching for Brewers . Craig struck out swinging . Molina flied out to center . Theriot walked . Carpenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Counsell hit for Loe . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Counsell singled to center . Hart popped out to first . Morgan grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Counsell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . De La Cruz pitching for Brewers . Furcal bunt grounded out to first . Jay struck out swinging . Pujols singled to deep right , Pujols to third on error by right fielder Hart . Berkman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 8th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Kotsay grounded out to second . Fielder lined out to center . McGehee singled to right center . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Dillard pitching for Brewers . Freese grounded out to second . Craig grounded out to first . Molina singled to center . Theriot grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Descalso at third base . Schumaker in right field . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Patterson in left field . Lopez struck out swinging . Lucroy struck out swinging . Kottaras hit for Dillard . Kottaras popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 2 - Cardinals 5 .	Pujols goes 4 for 4 as Cardinals avoid sweep