Pirates - Top 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Tabata singled to center . Presley walked , Tabata to second . McCutchen singled to center , Tabata scored , Presley to third . Walker struck out looking . Jones grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , McCutchen out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Jay grounded out to second . Craig singled to center . Holliday doubled to deep left , Craig to third . Berkman intentionally walked . Freese grounded out to pitcher , Craig scored , Holliday to third , Berkman to second . Schumaker reached on infield single to shortstop , Holliday scored , Berkman to third . Theriot singled to left , Berkman scored , Schumaker to second . Laird popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Harrison doubled to deep right . Cedeno singled to center , Harrison scored . McKenry doubled to center , Cedeno to third . Karstens grounded out to second , Cedeno scored , McKenry to third on throwing error by shortstop Theriot . Tabata grounded out to second , McKenry scored . Presley reached on infield single to first . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Presley out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Lohse flied out to center . Jay singled to right . Craig grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Walker walked . Jones struck out looking . Harrison grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Holliday grounded out to third . Berkman walked . Freese struck out swinging . Schumaker singled to left , Berkman to second . Theriot singled to left , Berkman scored , Schumaker to second , Schumaker thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Cedeno flied out to right . McKenry flied out to center . Karstens struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Laird popped out to second . Lohse reached on infield single to shortstop . Jay doubled to right , Lohse to third . Craig hit sacrifice fly to center , Lohse scored , Jay to third . Leroux pitching for Pirates . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Furcal at shortstop . Schumaker in right field . Theriot at second base . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Tabata struck out looking . Presley grounded out to second . McCutchen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Leroux pitching for Pirates . Berkman grounded out to shortstop . Freese walked . Schumaker struck out swinging . Theriot grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Freese out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals . Walker struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . Harrison reached on infield single to shortstop . Cedeno struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Leroux pitching for Pirates . Laird flied out to right . Patterson hit for Rzepczynski . Patterson flied out to left . Jay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . McKenry safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Freese . Paul hit for Leroux . D'Arnaud ran for McKenry . Paul flied out to right . D'Arnaud stole second . Tabata grounded out to third . Presley grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Doumit catching . Resop pitching for Pirates . Furcal walked . Furcal caught stealing second , catcher to second . Holliday doubled to deep center . Berkman intentionally walked . Freese singled to center , Holliday scored , Berkman to third . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Schumaker grounded out to second , Berkman scored , Freese to second . Theriot walked . Laird flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen flied out to right . Rhodes pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at third base . Walker reached on infield single to third . Jones grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Hanrahan pitching for Pirates . Descalso struck out swinging . Jay flied out to left . Furcal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Harrison grounded out to shortstop . Cedeno struck out swinging . Doumit grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 4 - Cardinals 7 .	Cards win without Pujols as Lohse collects 100th