Brewers - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Cubs . Weeks struck out swinging . Hart struck out swinging . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Bush pitching for Brewers . Theriot fouled out to first . Fukudome singled to right . Ramirez flied out to right . Nady struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Cubs . Fielder doubled to deep center . McGehee flied out to right , Fielder to third . Zaun grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fielder out at home . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zaun out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Bush pitching for Brewers . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . Soriano doubled to deep right . Fontenot doubled to left , Soriano scored . Soto lined out to shortstop . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Cubs . Escobar reached on infield single to second . Bush sacrificed to first , Escobar to second . Weeks struck out looking . Hart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Bush pitching for Brewers . Theriot singled to left . Fukudome grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Theriot out at second . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Braun struck out looking . Fielder flied out to center . McGehee popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Bush pitching for Brewers . Nady hit by pitch . Byrd grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nady out at second . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Zaun flied out to center . Gomez reached on bunt single to third . Escobar singled to right center , Gomez thrown out at third . Bush walked , Escobar to second . Weeks doubled to deep left , Escobar and Bush scored , Weeks to third on error by left fielder Soriano . Hart grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Bush pitching for Brewers . Fontenot grounded out to pitcher . Soto homered to left center ( 437 feet ) . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Theriot singled to right center . Theriot stole second . Fukudome lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Braun singled to center . Fielder singled to left , Braun to second . McGehee singled to right , Braun scored , Fielder to second . Zaun flied out to left . Gomez flied out to center . Escobar struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Bush pitching for Brewers . Ramirez flied out to right . Nady reached on infield single to third . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Nady out at second . Soriano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Gerut flied out to center . Weeks reached on infield single to third . Hart doubled to deep left , Weeks scored . Braun grounded out to second , Hart to third . Fielder flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Baker singled to left . Soto walked , Baker to second . Colvin sacrificed to third , Baker to third , Soto to second . Theriot reached on infield single to shortstop . Fukudome hit sacrifice fly to left , Baker scored . Ramirez walked , Soto to third , Theriot to second . Nady grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramirez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Gray pitching for Cubs . McGehee grounded out to shortstop . Zaun singled to right . Gomez tripled to deep right center , Zaun scored . Escobar tripled to deep right , Gomez scored . Edmonds walked . Weeks grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Edmonds out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Hawkins pitching for Brewers . Byrd grounded out to second . Tracy struck out swinging . Baker singled to right center . Soto walked , Baker to second . Colvin walked , Baker to third , Soto to second . Theriot singled to right , Baker and Soto scored , Colvin to third . Theriot stole second . Fukudome singled to right , Colvin and Theriot scored . Ramirez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Hart struck out swinging . Braun struck out swinging . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 6 - Cubs 7 .	Cubs rally past Brewers after Soriano pulled