Cubs - Top 1st . Lee pitching for Mariners . Byrd singled to right . Baker reached on infield single to second , Byrd to second . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Baker out at second , Byrd to third . Nady grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lee out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Cubs . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Figgins popped out to second . Bradley grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Lee pitching for Mariners . Soto flied out to right . Soriano struck out swinging . Colvin homered to right center ( 410 feet ) . Castro struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Cubs . Lopez flied out to center . Gutierrez flied out to right . Jo Wilson singled to shallow center . Jo Wilson picked off first . Kotchman batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Lee pitching for Mariners . Theriot flied out to center . Byrd flied out to right . Baker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Cubs . Kotchman walked . Johnson struck out looking . Saunders popped out to shortstop . Suzuki safe at first on error by third baseman Baker , Kotchman to second . Figgins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 4th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Lee singled to left center . Nady grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lee out at second . Soto grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Bradley struck out looking . Lopez singled to center . Gutierrez reached on infield single to shortstop , Lopez to second . Jo Wilson reached on infield single to third , Lopez to third , Gutierrez to second . Kotchman singled to left , Lopez scored , Gutierrez to third , Jo Wilson to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Saunders walked , Gutierrez scored , Jo Wilson to third , Kotchman to second . Suzuki singled to center , Jo Wilson and Kotchman scored , Saunders to second . Figgins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Soriano struck out looking . Colvin grounded out to first . Castro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Bradley lined out to left . Lopez flied out to right . Gutierrez singled to shallow left . Jo Wilson popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Theriot singled to center . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Theriot safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Lopez . Baker grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Theriot out at third , Byrd to second . Lee struck out swinging . Nady struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Kotchman grounded out to second . Johnson singled to right , Johnson to second on error by right fielder Colvin . Saunders doubled to right , Johnson scored . Suzuki reached on bunt single to pitcher , Saunders to third . Figgins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Saunders scored , Suzuki out at second . Figgins stole second . Bradley grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 7th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Soto doubled to left center . Soriano doubled to shallow center , Soto to third . Colvin flied out to left . Castro struck out looking . Theriot grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Stevens pitching for Cubs . Lopez struck out swinging . Gutierrez flied out to right . Jo Wilson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Byrd singled to center . Baker flied out to center . Lee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Byrd out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Kotchman struck out swinging . Johnson walked . Saunders homered to right center ( 394 feet ) , Johnson scored . Suzuki walked . Figgins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Suzuki out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Nady struck out swinging . Soto flied out to right . Soriano singled to center . Soriano to second on fielder 's indifference . Colvin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 1 - Mariners 8 .	Lee goes distance , whiffs 9 as M 's rout Cubs