Cubs - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Colvin struck out swinging . Castro flied out to left . Lee singled to center . Soto safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki , Lee to second . Byrd reached on infield single to third , Lee to third , Soto to second . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Silva pitching for Cubs . Fowler flied out to center . Herrera walked . Gonzalez singled to center , Herrera to second . Tulowitzki hit ground rule double to deep center , Herrera scored , Gonzalez to third . Russell pitching for Cubs . Giambi hit sacrifice fly to right , Gonzalez scored , Tulowitzki to third . Smith flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Baker doubled to center . Baker to third on wild pitch by De La Rosa . DeWitt doubled to deep right , Baker scored . Russell struck out bunting foul . Colvin popped out to third . Castro grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Russell pitching for Cubs . Iannetta walked . Stewart grounded out to third , Iannetta to second . De La Rosa singled to center , Iannetta to third . Fowler hit by pitch , De La Rosa to second . Herrera singled to left , Iannetta scored , De La Rosa to third , Fowler to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , De La Rosa and Fowler scored on throwing error by first baseman Lee , Herrera safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Lee . Tulowitzki grounded out to second , Herrera scored , Gonzalez to second . Giambi flied out to right . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Soto walked . Byrd singled to left , Soto to second . Soriano grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Byrd out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Russell pitching for Cubs . Smith struck out swinging . Iannetta fouled out to first . Stewart grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Baker struck out swinging . DeWitt singled to right . Zambrano hit for Russell . Zambrano struck out swinging . Colvin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . De La Rosa singled to center . Fowler singled to center , De La Rosa to second . Herrera bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , De La Rosa out at third , Fowler to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Herrera out at second , Fowler to third . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Castro flied out to center . Lee grounded out to third . Soto flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Giambi walked . Smith walked , Giambi to second . Iannetta flied out to center . Stewart singled to deep right , Giambi scored , Smith to third . De La Rosa sacrificed to pitcher , Stewart to second . Fowler singled to left , Smith scored , Stewart to third . Herrera struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . Soriano flied out to right . Baker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Berg pitching for Cubs . Gonzalez walked . Tulowitzki lined out to right . Giambi grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . DeWitt grounded out to first . Nady hit for Berg . Nady grounded out to second . Colvin walked . Castro singled to center , Colvin to second . Lee singled to right , Colvin scored , Castro to third . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Soto singled to right center , Castro scored , Lee to third . Byrd flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Cashner pitching for Cubs . Smith grounded out to second . Iannetta grounded out to second . Stewart walked . Corpas walked , Stewart to second . Fowler grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Mora at first base . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Soriano homered to left ( 391 feet ) . Baker struck out swinging . DeWitt singled to center . Fukudome hit for Cashner . Beimel pitching for Rockies . Ramirez hit for Fukudome . Ramirez lined out to center . Colvin grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Herrera flied out to left . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Tulowitzki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Street pitching for Rockies . Castro flied out to center . Lee walked . Soto walked , Lee to second . Byrd tripled to deep right , Lee and Soto scored . Soriano hit sacrifice fly to center , Byrd scored . Spilborghs in left field . Gonzalez in center field . Baker struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 7 - Rockies 8 .	Rockies avoid Cubs ' rally