Cardinals - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Reds . Wong singled to shallow right center . Edman singled to center , Wong to second . Goldschmidt walked , Edman to second , Wong to third . Miller doubled to right , Wong scored and Edman scored , Goldschmidt to third . DeJong grounded out to second . Molina struck out swinging . Carpenter walked . Fowler singled to deep right , Miller scored and Goldschmidt scored , Carpenter to third . Thomas walked , Fowler to second . Wong singled to shallow right , Carpenter scored and Fowler scored , Thomas to second . Sims pitching for Reds . Edman struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Kim pitching for Cardinals . Votto walked . Castellanos grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Votto out at second . Davidson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Sims pitching for Reds . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right . Miller homered to left ( 368 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . DeJong flied out to left . Molina singled to center . Carpenter struck out swinging . Fowler grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Kim pitching for Cardinals . Suárez struck out swinging . Moustakas struck out swinging . Aquino walked . Garcia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Sims pitching for Reds . Thomas flied out to left . Wong singled to center . Edman doubled to deep right , Wong scored . Bradley pitching for Reds . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Miller fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Kim pitching for Cardinals . Akiyama flied out to left . Casali singled to center . Votto singled to shallow right , Casali to second . Castellanos grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Votto out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Bradley pitching for Reds . DeJong reached on infield single to shortstop . Molina singled to right , DeJong to second . Carpenter flied out to center . Fowler struck out swinging . Thomas grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Kim pitching for Cardinals . Davidson grounded out to shortstop . Suárez doubled to left . Moustakas flied out to left . Aquino grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Thornburg pitching for Reds . Wong doubled to right . Edman lined out to center , Wong to third . Goldschmidt walked . Miller singled to center , Wong scored , Goldschmidt to second . DeJong struck out swinging . Molina singled to center , Goldschmidt scored , Miller to second . Carpenter struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Kim pitching for Cardinals . Garcia lined out to left . Akiyama lined out to left . Casali struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Goodwin in right field . Farmer at third base . O'Neill hit for Fowler . Jones pitching for Reds . O'Neill flied out to center . Thomas doubled to deep right . Wong hit by pitch . Edman singled to center , Wong to second , Thomas to third . Knizner hit for Goldschmidt . Knizner reached on infield single to shortstop , Thomas scored and Wong scored , Edman to second . Miller grounded out to second , Knizner to second , Edman to third . DeJong struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Bader in center field . Edman at second base . Knizner catching . Molina at first base . O'Neill in left field . Thomas in right field . Helsley pitching for Cardinals . Votto homered to right center ( 376 feet ) . Goodwin doubled to deep left center . Davidson walked . Farmer popped out to shortstop . Moustakas lined into double play , right to shortstop , Goodwin doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Barnhart at first base . Iglesias pitching for Reds . Molina flied out to center . Carpenter singled to center . O'Neill singled to left , Carpenter to second . Thomas popped out to shortstop . Bader walked , O'Neill to second , Carpenter to third . Carpenter scored , Bader to second on passed ball by Casali , O'Neill to third on passed ball by Casali . Edman grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Aquino popped out to second . Garcia reached on infield single to pitcher . Akiyama grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Garcia out at second . Casali singled to left center , Akiyama to second . Barnhart walked , Casali to second , Akiyama to third . Goodwin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Matt Davidson pitching for Reds . Lorenzen in center field . Knizner singled to right . Miller homered to right ( 417 feet ) , Knizner scored . DeJong singled to deep center . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeJong out at second . Carpenter lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Meisinger pitching for Cardinals . Davidson lined out to center . Farmer grounded out to third . Moustakas walked . Aquino walked , Moustakas to second . Garcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Davidson pitching for Reds . O'Neill walked . Thomas lined out to center . Bader flied out to right . Edman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Miller at third base . Elledge pitching for Cardinals . Carpenter at first base . Lorenzen hit by pitch . Casali doubled to deep right center , Lorenzen scored . Barnhart flied out to left . Goodwin grounded out to second , Casali to third . Davidson lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 16 - Reds 2 .	Miller drives in 7 as Cardinals pound Gray , Reds 16 - 2