Tigers - Top 1st . Gomber pitching for Cardinals . Reyes reached on bunt single to first . Schoop grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Reyes out at second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Wong singled to center . Edman walked , Wong to second . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Edman out at second , Wong to third . Miller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Gomber pitching for Cardinals . Candelario singled to center . Castro struck out swinging . Bonifacio singled to right , Candelario to second . Cameron struck out swinging . Greiner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . DeJong singled to deep left . O'Neill grounded into fielder 's choice to left , DeJong to second , O'Neill second , DeJong safe at third on fielding error by third baseman Alcántara . Carpenter singled to center , DeJong scored , O'Neill to third . Wieters lined into double play , to first , Carpenter doubled off first . Bader struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Gomber pitching for Cardinals . Alcántara grounded out to third . Reyes singled to center . Schoop struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Wong grounded out to shortstop . Edman singled to left . Goldschmidt lined out to right . Edman caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Jordan Zimmermann pitches to Brad Miller . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Gomber pitching for Cardinals . Candelario walked . Castro singled to shallow left , Candelario to second . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Bonifacio reached on infield single to third , Castro to second , Candelario to third . Cameron popped out to second . Greiner struck out swinging . Alcántara lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Miller popped out to third . DeJong walked . O'Neill struck out looking . Carpenter doubled to deep right center , DeJong scored . Wieters popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Reyes flied out to left . Schoop popped out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Bader struck out swinging . Wong grounded out to second . Edman homered to left ( 387 feet ) . Goldschmidt walked . Miller singled to left center , Goldschmidt to third . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . DeJong struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Edman at third base . Thomas in right field . Cabrera pitching for Cardinals . Candelario homered to right center ( 412 feet ) . Castro walked . Bonifacio fouled out to first . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Cameron struck out swinging . Greiner grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . O'Neill lined out to center . Thomas flied out to left . Wieters doubled to deep right . Bader struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Gallegos pitching for Cardinals . Alcántara walked . Reyes singled to center , Alcántara to second . Schoop singled to center , Alcántara scored , Reyes to second , Schoop to second , Reyes safe at third on throwing error by center fielder Bader . Helsley pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera walked . Hill ran for Cabrera . Candelario singled to center , Reyes scored and Schoop scored , Hill to second . Castro lined into double play , to first , Candelario doubled off first . Bonifacio homered to left ( 402 feet ) , Hill scored . Cameron grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Hill as designated hitter . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Wong grounded out to second . Edman grounded out to third . Goldschmidt lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 6 - Cardinals 3 .	Molina honors Clemente ; Cardinals split pair with Tigers