Pirates - Top 1st . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds singled to center . Hayes fouled out to first . Moran grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reynolds out at second . Bell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . Wong grounded out to third . Edman struck out swinging . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Polanco struck out swinging . Gonz치lez struck out swinging . Newman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . Miller fouled out to catcher . DeJong struck out swinging . O'Neill grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Stallings walked . Martin popped out to shortstop . Reynolds struck out swinging . Hayes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . Carpenter struck out swinging . Carlson grounded out to second . Wieters reached on infield single to second . Wong bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Moran struck out swinging . Bell struck out swinging . Polanco singled to left . Polanco stole second . Gonz치lez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . Edman singled to center . Goldschmidt singled to center , Edman to second . Miller struck out swinging . DeJong singled to left center , Edman scored , Goldschmidt to third . O'Neill grounded into double play , second to first , DeJong out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Newman grounded out to pitcher . Stallings walked . Martin struck out looking . Reynolds homered to right ( 436 feet ) , Stallings scored . Hayes struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . Carpenter grounded out to second . Carlson singled to center . Wieters sacrificed to pitcher , Carlson to second . Wong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Moran struck out looking . Bell struck out swinging . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . Edman walked . Goldschmidt reached first base on catcher 's interference , Goldschmidt to first on error by catcher Stallings , Edman to second on error . Miller walked , Goldschmidt to second , Edman to third . Stratton pitching for Pirates . DeJong hit sacrifice fly to right , Edman scored , Miller to second , Goldschmidt to third . O'Neill grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goldschmidt scored on throwing error by third baseman Hayes , Miller safe at third on error . Bader ran for Miller . Carpenter grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bader scored , O'Neill safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Bell . Carlson homered to right ( 413 feet ) , O'Neill scored and Carpenter scored . Wieters struck out swinging . Wong struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 1 Hit , 3 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Edman at third base . Bader in center field . Carlson in right field . Elledge pitching for Cardinals . Gonz치lez singled to left . Newman flied out to right . Gonz치lez to second on wild pitch by Elledge . Stallings struck out looking . Frazier hit for Martin . Frazier popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 2 - Cardinals 7 .	Cardinals hold off Pirates 6 - 5 in Game 1 of doubleheader