Orioles - Top 1st . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts popped out to third . Markakis grounded out to second . Huff homered to right . Millar lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Inglett singled to left . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop , Inglett to second . Rios struck out swinging . Wells singled to center , Inglett scored . Stairs flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Scott struck out swinging . Mora grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Rolen walked . Barajas lined out to third . Overbay struck out swinging , Rolen stole second . Lind struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Jones safe at second on error by third baseman Rolen . Fahey sacrificed to pitcher , Jones to third . Jones scored on McGowan 's wild pitch . Roberts walked . Roberts stole second . Markakis reached on infield single to second , Roberts to third . Huff hit sacrifice fly to center , Roberts scored . Millar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Markakis out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Inglett singled to right . Scutaro grounded into double play , third to second to first , Inglett out at second . Rios flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Scott struck out swinging . Mora singled to right . Hernandez fouled out to first . Jones doubled to deep right , Mora scored . Fahey grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Wells walked . Stairs walked , Wells to second . Rolen popped out to second . Barajas singled to left , Wells scored , Stairs to second . Overbay walked , Stairs to third , Barajas to second . Lind grounded into double play , third to second to first , Overbay out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Markakis popped out to shortstop . Huff grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Inglett grounded out to first . Scutaro flied out to left . Rios grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Millar flied out to right . Scott grounded out to second . Mora grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Wells grounded out to third . Stairs popped out to shortstop . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Hernandez walked . Jones struck out looking . Fahey doubled to deep right , Hernandez to third . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts intentionally walked . Markakis singled to left center , Hernandez and Fahey scored , Roberts to second . Huff struck out swinging . Millar grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Barajas singled to center . Overbay flied out to left . Lind singled to center , Barajas to second . Sarfate pitching for Orioles . Inglett flied out to left . Scutaro walked , Barajas to third , Lind to second . Rios tripled to deep center , Barajas , Lind and Scutaro scored . Wells reached on infield single to shortstop , Rios scored . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Stairs singled to center , Wells to second . Rolen hit by pitch , Wells to third , Stairs to second . Bradford pitching for Orioles . Barajas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rolen out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Scott grounded out to shortstop . Mora grounded out to second . Hernandez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Overbay flied out to left . Lind lined out to center . Inglett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Ryan pitching for Blue Jays . Wilkerson in left field . Jones flied out to center . Payton hit for Fahey . Payton grounded out to pitcher . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Bynum at shortstop . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Scutaro struck out swinging . Rios walked . Wells struck out swinging , Rios stole second , Rios to third on throwing error by catcher Hernandez . Stairs intentionally walked . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Rios scored , Stairs safe at second on error by shortstop Bynum . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Final score : Orioles 6 - Blue Jays 7 .	Jays edge O 's as Bynum botches grounder in ninth