Indians - Top 1st . Purcey pitching for Blue Jays . Sizemore struck out swinging . Carroll singled to left . Shoppach struck out looking . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Reyes pitching for Indians . Inglett lined out to center . Wilkerson fouled out to third . Rios struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Purcey pitching for Blue Jays . Francisco flied out to center . Choo singled to right . Gutierrez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Reyes pitching for Indians . Overbay singled to left . Barajas grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Overbay out at second . Lind singled to right , Barajas to second , Barajas to third on error by right fielder Gutierrez . Stairs grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lind out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 3rd . Purcey pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to third . Sizemore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Reyes pitching for Indians . Rolen walked . McDonald sacrificed to pitcher , Rolen to second . Inglett lined out to third . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Purcey pitching for Blue Jays . Carroll lined out to third . Shoppach doubled to left . Peralta flied out to right , Shoppach to third . Francisco doubled to deep left center , Shoppach scored . Choo doubled to deep right , Francisco scored . Gutierrez singled to left center , Choo scored , Gutierrez out stretching at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Reyes pitching for Indians . Rios grounded out to third . Overbay struck out swinging . Barajas reached on infield single to second . Lind singled to center , Barajas to second . Stairs singled to right , Barajas scored , Lind to third . Rolen hit by pitch , Stairs to second . McDonald flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Purcey pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez walked . Gonzalez caught stealing second , catcher to second to first . Marte walked . Sizemore lined out to right . Carroll struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Reyes pitching for Indians . Inglett grounded out to first . Wilkerson singled to center . Rios flied out to center , Wilkerson to second . Overbay flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Purcey pitching for Blue Jays . Shoppach struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . Francisco safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Rolen . Choo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Reyes pitching for Indians . Barajas flied out to center . Lind grounded out to first . Stairs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Marte flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Reyes pitching for Indians . Rolen singled to right center . McDonald flied out to center . Perez pitching for Indians . Inglett struck out swinging . Wilkerson walked , Rolen to second . Rios struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Sizemore grounded out to second . Carroll walked . Shoppach walked , Carroll to second . Peralta struck out swinging . Francisco singled to center , Carroll scored , Shoppach to second . Carlson pitching for Blue Jays . Choo singled to right , Shoppach scored , Francisco to third . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Choo out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Overbay grounded out to second . Barajas doubled to deep center . Lind grounded out to shortstop , Barajas to third . Mench hit for Stairs . Mench singled to left , Barajas scored . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mench out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Marte flied out to center . Sizemore hit by pitch . Carroll flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Zaun hit for McDonald . Zaun walked . Inglett grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zaun out at second . Wilkerson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Inglett out at second . Wilkerson to second on fielder 's indifference . Rios struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - Blue Jays 2 .	Tribe 's Reyes beats Blue Jays in Cleveland debut