Astros - Top 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Biggio flied out to left. Burke fouled out to first. Berkman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Astros. Rollins flied out to right. Victorino struck out swinging. Utley homered to right. Howard walked. Burrell struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Lee flied out to right. Ensberg singled to left. Ensberg to second on wild pitch by Hamels. Lane flied into double play, center to second, Ensberg doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Astros. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. Nunez grounded out to pitcher. Ruiz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Everett grounded out to third. Quintero doubled to right center. Williams struck out swinging. Biggio singled to center, Quintero scored, Biggio to second advancing on throw. Burke safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Utley, Biggio advanced to third on play, Biggio tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Astros. Hamels struck out swinging. Rollins reached on infield single to first. Victorino walked, Rollins to second. Utley grounded out to second, Rollins to third, Victorino to second. Howard intentionally walked. Burrell flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Berkman singled to left. Lee flied out to center. Ensberg singled to center, Berkman to third. Lane homered to left, Berkman and Ensberg scored. Everett flied out to center. Quintero grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Astros. Rowand singled to left. Nunez fouled out to catcher. Ruiz doubled to deep right, Rowand scored, Ruiz to third advancing on throw. Hamels grounded out to second. Rollins homered to right, Ruiz scored. Victorino struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Williams struck out looking. Biggio grounded out to third. Burke flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Astros. Utley grounded out to first. Howard flied out to left. Burrell singled to deep left. Rowand safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Ensberg, Burrell to second. Nunez singled to left, Burrell scored, Rowand to second. Ruiz lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Berkman hit by pitch. Lee grounded out to third, Berkman to second. Ensberg singled to left, Berkman to third. Lane grounded out to second, Berkman scored, Ensberg to second. Everett reached on infield single to shortstop, Ensberg to third. Werth hit for Hamels. Quintero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Astros. Werth singled to center. Miller pitching for Astros. Rollins popped out to third. Victorino flied out to left. Utley doubled to deep right center, Werth scored. Lidge pitching for Astros. Howard intentionally walked. Bourn ran for Burrell. Burrell singled to left, Utley scored, Howard to second. Rowand walked, Howard to third, Bourn to second. Bourn in left field. Rosario pitching for Phillies. Palmeiro hit for Lidge. Nunez grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Rosario pitching for Phillies. Palmeiro lined out to center. Biggio grounded out to third. Burke hit by pitch. Burke stole second. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Lane in center field. Palmeiro in right field. Berkman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Dobbs hit for Rosario. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Ruiz singled to center. Ruiz stole second. Dobbs flied out to center. Rollins grounded out to pitcher, Ruiz to third. Victorino reached on infield single to third, Ruiz scored. Utley doubled to left, Victorino to third. Howard intentionally walked. Alfonseca pitching for Phillies. Bourn struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Alfonseca pitching for Phillies. Lee singled to left. Ensberg grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lee out at second. Lane grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Rowand reached on infield single to pitcher. Nunez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rowand out at second. Nunez to second on wild pitch by Borkowski. Helms hit for Alfonseca. Ruiz walked. Helms popped out to shortstop. Gordon pitching for Phillies. Rollins popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Loretta hit for Quintero. Gordon pitching for Phillies. Everett walked. Loretta flied out to center. Everett to second on fielder's indifference. Palmeiro walked. Biggio grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Palmeiro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 5 - Phillies 8.	Bullpen steps up, helps Phillies get first home win