Pirates - Top 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Morgan struck out looking. Bautista walked. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bautista out at second. Sanchez to second on passed ball by Towles. Bay walked. Nady struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Morris pitching for Pirates. Anderson doubled to left. Biggio sacrificed to pitcher, Anderson to third. Berkman reached on infield single to third. Lee popped out to first. Pence grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Pearce doubled to left. Paulino singled to center, Pearce scored. Wilson bunted into fielder's choice to first, Paulino out at second. Morris sacrificed to pitcher, Wilson to second. Morgan walked. Bautista struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Morris pitching for Pirates. Loretta singled to center. Wigginton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Loretta out at second. Towles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Sanchez singled to left. Bay hit by pitch, Sanchez to second. Nady struck out swinging. Pearce grounded out to shortstop, Sanchez to third, Bay to second. Paulino homered to left, Sanchez and Bay scored. Wilson homered to left. Morris struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Ransom hit for Rodriguez. Morris pitching for Pirates. Ransom walked. Anderson lined out to left. Biggio flied out to center. Berkman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ransom out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Gutierrez pitching for Astros. Morgan grounded out to second. Bautista flied out to left. Sanchez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Morris pitching for Pirates. Lee homered to left. Pence reached on infield single to shortstop. Loretta grounded out to second, Pence to second. Wigginton homered to left, Pence scored. Towles singled to right. Gutierrez sacrificed into fielder's choice to first, Towles to second. Anderson singled to center, Towles scored, Gutierrez to second. Biggio singled to left, Gutierrez to third, Anderson to second. Berkman hit by pitch, Gutierrez scored, Anderson to third, Biggio to second. Torres pitching for Pirates. Lee singled to center, Anderson and Biggio scored, Berkman to second. Pence grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lee out at second. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Gutierrez pitching for Astros. Bay grounded out to third. Nady lined out to right. Pearce walked. Paulino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Phelps at first base. Loretta singled to center. Wigginton safe at first on error by third baseman Bautista, Loretta to second. Towles reached on bunt single to pitcher, Loretta to third, Wigginton to second. Lane hit for Gutierrez. Lane grounded out to first, Loretta scored, Wigginton to third, Towles to second. Anderson flied out to center. Biggio grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 6th. Paulino pitching for Astros. Wilson singled to center. Phelps struck out looking. Morgan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at second. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Berkman grounded out to shortstop. Lee grounded out to third. Pence grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Sarfate pitching for Astros. Sanchez grounded out to third. Bay grounded out to third. Nady struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Loretta flied out to right. Wigginton homered to left. Towles flied out to right. Burke hit for Sarfate. Burke popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Randolph pitching for Astros. Kata hit for Duke. Kata struck out swinging. Paulino walked. Wilson homered to left, Paulino scored. Phelps popped out to second. Morgan tripled to deep left center. Qualls pitching for Astros. Bautista grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Perez pitching for Pirates. Anderson bunt grounded out to pitcher. Biggio struck out looking. Berkman popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Lidge pitching for Astros. Loretta at second base. Bruntlett at shortstop. Sanchez struck out swinging. Bay struck out swinging. Nady popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 7 - Astros 9.	Wigginton homers twice as Astros' 5-run rally tops Pirates