Astros - Top 1st. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Anderson grounded out to first. Biggio flied out to right. Berkman fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Eckstein grounded out to second. Ankiel singled to right. Taguchi struck out swinging. Spiezio safe at second on error by left fielder Lee, Ankiel to third. Schumaker popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Top 2nd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Lee walked. Pence struck out swinging. Loretta grounded into double play, third to first to shortstop to third to first to shortstop, Lee out at third, Lee out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Miles grounded out to shortstop. Stinnett flied out to left. Wellemeyer singled to right. Ryan doubled to left, Wellemeyer to third. Eckstein safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Wigginton, Wellemeyer scored, Ryan to third. Ankiel grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 3rd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Wigginton flied out to center. Ausmus popped out to first. Oswalt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Taguchi singled to center. Taguchi caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Spiezio singled to left. Schumaker singled to center, Spiezio to second. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to second, Schumaker out at second, Spiezio to third. Stinnett intentionally walked, Miles to second. Wellemeyer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Anderson flied out to left. Biggio struck out swinging. Berkman singled to center. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to third, Berkman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Ryan grounded out to second. Eckstein singled to center. Ankiel struck out swinging. Taguchi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Pence struck out looking. Loretta lined out to third. Wigginton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Spiezio flied out to center. Schumaker grounded out to second. Miles grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Percival pitching for Cardinals. Cairo at second base. Ausmus lined out to left. Oswalt grounded out to third. Anderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Stinnett flied out to right. Cairo flied out to right. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Biggio singled to center. Berkman struck out looking. Lee singled to center, Biggio to second. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lee out at second, Biggio to third. Loretta singled to shallow right, Biggio scored, Pence to second. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Loretta out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Eckstein grounded out to first. Ankiel singled to right. Taguchi grounded out to pitcher, Ankiel to second. Spiezio grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals. Palmeiro hit for Ausmus. Palmeiro grounded out to second. Lamb hit for Oswalt. Lamb doubled to left. Bruntlett ran for Lamb. Anderson grounded out to third, Bruntlett to third. Biggio flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Qualls pitching for Astros. Loretta at second base. Towles catching. Bruntlett at shortstop. Schumaker grounded out to second. Edmonds hit for Falkenborg. Edmonds lined out to center. Stinnett grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Berkman safe at first on error by shortstop Eckstein. Lee homered to left, Berkman scored. Pence grounded out to second. Loretta grounded out to first. Wigginton singled to center. Jimenez pitching for Cardinals. Towles singled to left, Wigginton to second. Bruntlett popped out to catcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Lidge pitching for Astros. Cairo singled to right. Ludwick hit for Ryan. Ludwick walked, Cairo to second. Pujols hit for Eckstein. Pujols singled to deep left, Cairo scored, Ludwick to third. Barden ran for Pujols. Ankiel tripled to right, Ludwick and Barden scored. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 3 - Cardinals 4.	Cards score three runs in ninth to rally past Astros