Athletics - Top 1st . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Semien flied out to right . Laureano struck out looking . Chapman grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Frazier walked . Marte grounded out to third , Frazier to second . Cabrera singled to center , Frazier to third . Bell grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Frazier scored , Cabrera out at second . Reynolds lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Davis safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Kang . Piscotty singled to center , Davis to second . Morales singled to center , Davis scored , Piscotty to third . Profar hit by pitch , Morales to second . Phegley doubled to left , Piscotty scored , Profar scored and Morales scored . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Anderson safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Kang , Phegley safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Kang . Semien grounded out to shortstop , Phegley scored . Laureano popped out to first . Chapman grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Cervelli lined out to center . Kang grounded out to third . Tucker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Davis walked . Piscotty lined out to center . Morales singled to center , Davis to second . Profar flied out to center . Phegley singled to right center , Davis scored , Morales to second . Anderson reached on infield single to third , Phegley to second , Morales to third . Semien walked , Morales scored , Anderson to second , Phegley to third . Kingham pitching for Pirates . Laureano struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Kingham struck out swinging . Frazier singled to left . Marte lined out to shortstop . Cabrera walked , Frazier to second . Bell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Kingham pitching for Pirates . Chapman doubled to deep left . Davis walked . Piscotty lined out to center . Morales walked , Davis to second , Chapman to third . Profar singled to right , Chapman scored , Morales to second , Davis to third . Phegley doubled to deep left , Davis scored , Profar scored and Morales scored . Anderson singled to center , Phegley thrown out at home . Semien singled to left , Anderson to second . Laureano struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Reynolds lined out to right . Cervelli grounded out to shortstop . Kang safe at first on error by first baseman Morales . Tucker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Kingham pitching for Pirates . Chapman grounded out to shortstop . Davis popped out to second . Piscotty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Reyes hit for Kingham . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Reyes flied out to right . Frazier grounded out to first . Marte safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Profar . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Reyes in right field . Morales singled to center . Profar flied out to left . Phegley grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morales out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Bell singled to left . Reynolds singled to left , Bell to second . Cervelli flied out to right , Bell to third . Kang lined out to center . Tucker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Díaz catching . Díaz catching . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Bolt hit for Anderson . Reyes in right field . Bolt popped out to first . Semien grounded out to pitcher . Laureano reached on infield single to third . Chapman homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Laureano scored . Davis flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Bolt in center field . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Frazier singled to left . Marte singled to right , Frazier to second . Díaz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marte out at second , Frazier to third . Bell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Piscotty struck out swinging . Morales struck out swinging . Profar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Reynolds struck out swinging . Shuck reached on infield single to shortstop . Kang grounded out to third , Shuck to second . Moran hit for Liriano . Moran struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Rodríguez pitching for Pirates . Moran at third base . Phegley homered to left ( 413 feet ) . Bolt struck out swinging . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Grossman hit for Hendriks . Grossman walked . Chapman singled to shallow left , Grossman to second . Davis walked , Chapman to second , Grossman to third . Piscotty grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Grossman in left field . Rodney pitching for Athletics . Reyes lined out to third . Frazier struck out swinging . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 14 - Pirates 1 .	Phegley drives in 8 , A 's rip Pirates 14 - 1 to end 6 - game skid