Phillies - Top 1st . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Kingery flied out to left . Segura singled to left . Harper grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Segura out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Frazier bunt grounded out to pitcher . Reynolds struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Hoskins struck out swinging . Realmuto struck out swinging . Miller grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Bell hit by pitch . Moran struck out swinging . Dickerson flied out to left . Newman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Hernández grounded out to first . Haseley grounded out to shortstop . Eflin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Stallings struck out swinging . Musgrove doubled to left . Frazier flied out to left . Reynolds singled to right , Musgrove scored , Reynolds to second . Marte doubled to deep left , Reynolds scored . Bell singled to center , Marte scored . Moran grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Kingery flied out to right . Segura hit by pitch . Harper walked , Segura to second . Hoskins flied out to center . Realmuto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Dickerson doubled to deep center . Newman grounded out to shortstop , Dickerson to third . Stallings grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dickerson out at home . Musgrove grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stallings out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Miller walked . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hernández safe at second on error by first baseman Bell , Miller safe at third on error by first baseman Bell . Haseley grounded out to first , Miller scored , Hernández to third . Williams hit for Eflin . Williams struck out swinging . Kingery struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Frazier grounded out to first . Reynolds flied out to left . Marte reached on infield single to catcher , Marte safe at second on throwing error by catcher Realmuto . Bell intentionally walked . Moran struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 6th . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Segura singled to center . Harper struck out swinging . Hoskins flied out to center . Realmuto struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Dickerson doubled to left center . Newman grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Dickerson third . Cabrera hit for Stallings . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dickerson scored , Newman out at second . Díaz hit for Musgrove . Díaz singled to right . Díaz to second on wild pitch by Pivetta . Frazier grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Díaz catching . Miller grounded out to second . Hernández singled to left . Haseley struck out swinging . Franco hit for Pivetta . Franco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Morin pitching for Phillies . Reynolds grounded out to first . Marte doubled to center . Bell flied out to center , Marte to third . Moran doubled to right center , Marte scored . Dickerson flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Kingery walked . Segura grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Kingery out at second . Harper grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Salas pitching for Phillies . Newman singled to center . Osuna hit for Liriano . Osuna popped out to shortstop . Newman stole second . Frazier singled to left , Newman to second . Reynolds reached on infield single to pitcher , Frazier to second , Newman to third . Marte flied out to right . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Vázquez pitching for Pirates . Hoskins grounded out to shortstop . Realmuto struck out swinging . Miller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 1 - Pirates 5 .	Musgrove pitches , hits , runs Pirates past Phils for 5 - 1 win