Mets - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Pirates . McNeil doubled to right . Conforto lined out to first . Alonso doubled to deep right , McNeil scored . Canó singled to shallow left , Alonso to third . Ramos grounded out to third , Alonso scored , Canó to second . Davis walked , Canó to third on wild pitch by Williams . Frazier popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Matz pitching for Mets . Newman grounded out to first . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Rosario reached on infield single to catcher . Matz sacrificed to pitcher , Rosario to second . Rosario caught stealing third , catcher to third . McNeil walked . Conforto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McNeil out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Matz pitching for Mets . Bell struck out swinging . Osuna singled to center . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Osuna out at second . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Alonso walked . Canó singled to center , Alonso to second . Ramos grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Canó to second , Alonso out at third . Davis doubled to deep center , Canó scored , Ramos to third . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramos out at home in rundown . Rosario grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Matz pitching for Mets . Díaz struck out looking . Williams struck out looking . Newman lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Matz lined out to third . McNeil lined out to center . Conforto flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Matz pitching for Mets . Reynolds walked . Marte singled to right , Reynolds to second . Bell singled to left , Reynolds scored , Marte to second . Osuna singled to center , Marte scored , Bell to second . Cabrera doubled to deep center , Osuna scored and Bell scored . Frazier grounded out to second , Cabrera to third . Díaz singled to center , Cabrera scored . Williams sacrificed to catcher , Díaz to second . Gsellman pitching for Mets . Newman walked . Reynolds flied out to left . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Alonso struck out looking . Canó grounded out to first . Ramos grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Gsellman pitching for Mets . Marte flied out to right . Bell walked . Osuna grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Frazier struck out looking . Rosario fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Gsellman pitching for Mets . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Frazier struck out swinging . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Hechavarria hit for Gsellman . Moran at third base . Hechavarria lined out to left . McNeil struck out swinging . Conforto singled to left . Rodríguez pitching for Pirates . Alonso singled to center , Conforto to third . Conforto scored on error by shortstop Newman , Canó safe at first on error by shortstop Newman , Alonso safe at third on error by shortstop Newman , Alonso to third . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Bashlor pitching for Mets . Moran flied out to center . Newman singled to right . Reynolds singled to center , Newman to second . Marte homered to left ( 395 feet ) , Newman scored and Reynolds scored . Bell fouled out to third . Reyes hit for Rodríguez . Reyes walked . Reyes stole second , Reyes safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ramos . Cabrera lined out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 8th . Crick pitching for Pirates . Davis struck out looking . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . Rosario singled to right center . Altherr hit for Bashlor . Altherr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Familia pitching for Mets . Frazier flied out to center . Díaz walked . Moran flied out to left . Newman singled to center , Díaz to second . Díaz to third on wild pitch by Familia . Reynolds walked , Newman to second . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Vázquez pitching for Pirates . McNeil popped out to second . Conforto flied out to left . Alonso struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 4 - Pirates 8 .	Marte , Pirates stop Mets ' 7 - game win string with 8 - 4 victory