Pirates - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Frazier grounded out to second . Reynolds flied out to left . Marte grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Archer pitching for Pirates . Fowler singled to right . Edman singled to center , Fowler to second . Goldschmidt singled to right , Edman to second , Fowler to third . Ozuna grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fowler scored , Goldschmidt out at second , Edman to third . DeJong struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Bell doubled to deep center . Bell to third on wild pitch by Hudson . Osuna hit sacrifice fly to left , Bell scored . Moran singled to left . Newman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moran out at second . Stallings hit ground rule double to deep right , Newman to third . Archer grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Archer pitching for Pirates . Carpenter struck out swinging . Wong struck out swinging . Wieters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Frazier grounded out to second . Reynolds hit by pitch . Marte grounded into double play , third to second to first , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Archer pitching for Pirates . Hudson lined out to right . Fowler grounded out to third . Edman tripled to right center . Goldschmidt lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Bell doubled to deep left center . Osuna singled to shallow left , Bell to third . Moran hit sacrifice fly to center , Bell scored . Newman reached on bunt single to catcher , Osuna to second . Stallings grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Newman out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Archer pitching for Pirates . Ozuna struck out swinging . DeJong struck out swinging . Carpenter doubled to deep right . Wong reached on bunt single to third , Carpenter to third . Wieters reached on infield single to shortstop , Carpenter scored , Wong to second . Martínez hit for Hudson . Martínez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Archer grounded out to third . Frazier lined out to second . Reynolds grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Archer pitching for Pirates . Fowler struck out swinging . Edman struck out swinging . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Marte reached on infield single to shortstop . Marte stole second . Bell struck out swinging . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Osuna struck out swinging . Moran intentionally walked . Newman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Archer pitching for Pirates . Ozuna popped out to second . DeJong grounded out to pitcher . Carpenter grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Stallings struck out swinging . Reyes hit for Archer . Reyes lined out to left . Frazier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Wong walked . Wieters struck out looking . Muñoz hit for Brebbia . Muñoz grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wong out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Bell walked . Martínez pitching for Cardinals . Osuna popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Rodríguez pitching for Pirates . Fowler doubled to right . Edman flied out to right . Goldschmidt singled to left , Fowler scored . Ozuna homered to left ( 386 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . DeJong safe at third on error by left fielder Osuna , DeJong to third . Hartlieb pitching for Pirates . Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to right , DeJong scored . Wong grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 9th . Fowler in right field . Edman at third base . Thomas in center field . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Moran walked . Newman lined out to center . Stallings flied out to center . Cabrera hit for Hartlieb . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 2 - Cardinals 6 .	Goldschmidt , Ozuna spark rally , Cardinals beat Pirates 6 - 2