Pirates - Top 1st . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Newman lined out to pitcher . Reynolds flied out to right . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Keller pitching for Pirates . Dickerson popped out to shortstop . Realmuto lined out to first . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Bell singled to left center . Moran singled to right , Bell to second . Osuna struck out swinging . Frazier lined out to left . Stallings grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bell out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Keller pitching for Pirates . Hoskins tripled to deep right . Segura struck out swinging . Hernández singled to left , Hoskins scored . Kingery singled to left center , Hernández to second . Haseley doubled to right , Hernández scored , Kingery to third . Velasquez struck out swinging . Dickerson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Keller grounded out to second . Newman flied out to right . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Keller pitching for Pirates . Realmuto struck out swinging . Harper reached on infield single to shortstop . Hoskins doubled to deep left , Harper scored . Segura grounded out to pitcher , Hoskins to third . Hernández struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Marte singled to center . Bell homered to left ( 380 feet ) , Marte scored . Moran struck out swinging . Osuna flied out to right . Frazier struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Keller pitching for Pirates . Kingery struck out looking . Haseley grounded out to second . Velasquez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Stallings fouled out to second . Keller grounded out to first . Newman singled to right . Reynolds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Keller pitching for Pirates . Dickerson homered to left ( 376 feet ) . Realmuto tripled to deep right . Harper singled to right , Realmuto scored . Hoskins walked , Harper to second . Segura reached on infield single to third , Hoskins to second , Harper to third . Hernández singled to center , Harper scored and Hoskins scored , Segura to second . Ramírez pitching for Pirates . Reyes in left field . Kingery grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernández out at second , Segura to third . Haseley grounded out to second , Segura scored , Kingery to second . Morrison hit for Velasquez . Morrison walked . Dickerson grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Davis pitching for Phillies . Marte homered to left ( 428 feet ) . Bell flied out to center . Moran lined out to left . Osuna grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Ramirez pitching for Pirates . Realmuto homered to left ( 375 feet ) . Harper walked . Harper stole second . Hoskins fouled out to third . Harper to third on pickoff error by pitcher Ramírez . Segura singled to center , Harper scored on throwing error by center fielder Marte , Segura safe at second on throwing error by center fielder Marte . Hernández grounded out to second , Segura to third . Kingery struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Davis pitching for Phillies . Frazier grounded out to second . Stallings singled to center . Reyes struck out swinging . González hit for Newman . González grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . González at shortstop . Ramirez pitching for Pirates . Haseley reached on infield single to catcher . Miller hit for Davis . Miller grounded out to first , Haseley to second . Dickerson struck out swinging . Realmuto reached on infield single to shortstop , Haseley to third . Haseley scored , Realmuto to second on passed ball by Stallings . Harper grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Knapp catching . Garcia pitching for Phillies . Miller in right field . Ramírez flied out to left . Marte singled to right . Bell grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Marte out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Ramirez pitching for Pirates . Hoskins struck out swinging . Rodríguez hit for Segura . Rodríguez struck out looking . Hernández doubled to left . Kingery doubled to deep left , Hernández scored . Haseley grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Rodríguez at third base . Kingery at shortstop . Garcia pitching for Phillies . Moran grounded out to first . Osuna struck out swinging . Frazier doubled to right center . Stallings flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 3 - Phillies 12 .	Realmuto powers Phillies to 12 - 3 rout of Pirates