Pirates - Top 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Newman flied out to right . Reynolds struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Pirates . Yastrzemski walked . Posey sacrificed to third , Yastrzemski to second . Belt singled to shallow center , Yastrzemski to third . Longoria singled to center , Yastrzemski scored , Belt to second . Pillar struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Osuna walked . Reyes flied out to center . Stallings singled to left , Osuna to second . Tucker grounded out to third , Stallings to second , Osuna to third . González flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Davis grounded out to pitcher . Dubon flied out to right . Bumgarner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Williams struck out swinging . Newman grounded out to third . Reynolds lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Yastrzemski grounded out to second . Posey singled to shallow right . Belt singled to right center , Posey to third . Longoria grounded into double play , third to second to first , Belt out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Cabrera lined out to second . Osuna flied out to center . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Pillar grounded out to third . Crawford struck out swinging . Davis hit by pitch . Davis caught stealing second , catcher to second . Trevor Williams pitches to Mauricio Dubon . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Stallings homered to left ( 413 feet ) . Tucker grounded out to third . González singled to left . Williams bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , González out at second . Newman lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Dubon singled to left . Bumgarner struck out bunting foul . Yastrzemski walked , Dubon to second . Dubon stole third . Dubon stole third . Yastrzemski stole second . Posey struck out swinging . Belt doubled to deep center , Dubon scored and Yastrzemski scored . Longoria struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Reynolds doubled to deep center . Cabrera doubled to deep right center , Reynolds scored . Osuna grounded out to shortstop . Reyes flied out to right . Stallings lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Pillar doubled to left . Crawford singled to shallow center , Pillar to third . Davis grounded out to third , Pillar scored , Crawford to second . Dubon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Dubon to second , Crawford out at third in rundown . Bumgarner walked . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Yastrzemski struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Tucker doubled to left . González walked . Frazier hit for Feliz . Frazier popped out to second . Newman popped out to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Rios pitching for Pirates . Posey struck out swinging . Belt grounded out to shortstop . Longoria flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Rogers pitching for Giants . Cabrera grounded out to first . Osuna popped out to shortstop . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Rodríguez pitching for Pirates . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . Crawford grounded out to second . Davis reached on infield single to second . Dubon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Kramer hit for Stallings . Rogers pitching for Giants . Kramer reached on infield single to second . Abad pitching for Giants . Tucker grounded out to third , Kramer to second . Bell hit for González . Bell walked . Díaz hit for Rodríguez . Díaz singled to deep left center , Bell to second , Kramer to third . Marte ran for Bell . Gustave pitching for Giants . Newman singled to deep right , Kramer scored and Marte scored , Díaz to second . Reynolds singled to center , Díaz scored , Newman to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reynolds out at second , Reynolds safe at second on error by second baseman Dubon , Newman to third , Newman to third . Osuna hit sacrifice fly to right , Newman scored , Cabrera to second , Reynolds to third . Reyes popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 9th . Vázquez pitching for Pirates . Moran at third base . Vázquez pitching for Pirates . Solano hit for Gustave . Díaz catching . Solano struck out looking . Slater hit for Yastrzemski . Slater struck out looking . Posey grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 6 - Giants 4 .	Reynolds delivers vs former team , Pirates rally past SF 6 - 4