Rays - Top 1st. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Tsutsugo grounded out to shortstop. Meadows grounded out to second. Arozarena walked. Lowe walked, Arozarena to second. Margot struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Wacha pitching for Rays. Hernández struck out swinging. Verdugo struck out swinging. Martinez singled to deep center. Bogaerts singled to left center, Martinez to second. Devers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Wendle flied out to right. Adames walked. Kiermaier grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Adames out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Wacha pitching for Rays. Vázquez singled to right. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop, Vázquez to second. Renfroe flied out to center, Vázquez to third. Cordero doubled to left, Vázquez scored. Hernández struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Zunino fouled out to third. Tsutsugo flied out to left. Meadows struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Arozarena in right field. Brosseau in left field. Brosseau in left field. Wacha pitching for Rays. Verdugo doubled to left. Martinez walked. Bogaerts grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martinez out at second, Verdugo to third. Devers grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Arozarena singled to right. Lowe flied out to right. Arozarena to second on wild pitch by Pivetta. Margot struck out looking. Wendle flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Wacha pitching for Rays. Vázquez singled to left. Gonzalez singled to center, Vázquez to second. Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Wacha, Vázquez to third on wild pitch by Wacha. Renfroe hit sacrifice fly to right, Vázquez scored, Gonzalez to third. Cordero grounded out to first, Gonzalez scored. Hernández struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Adames doubled to left. Brosseau flied out to left. Zunino walked. Tsutsugo struck out swinging. Zunino to second on passed ball by Vázquez, Adames to third on passed ball by Vázquez. Meadows flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Wacha pitching for Rays. Verdugo flied out to left. Martinez walked. Bogaerts doubled to deep right center, Bogaerts scored on throwing error by catcher Zunino and Martinez scored on error. Devers struck out swinging. Vázquez grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Top 6th. Andriese pitching for Red Sox. Arozarena struck out swinging. Lowe reached on infield single to shortstop. Margot singled to right, Lowe to second. Wendle grounded into double play, third to second to first, Margot out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Mazza pitching for Rays. Gonzalez walked. Renfroe singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Cordero struck out looking. Hernández doubled to deep center, Gonzalez scored, Renfroe to third. Verdugo hit sacrifice fly to left, Renfroe scored. Martinez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Andriese pitching for Red Sox. Adames grounded out to shortstop. Brosseau lined out to center. Zunino grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Mazza pitching for Rays. Bogaerts singled to shallow right. Devers flied out to left. Vázquez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bogaerts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Andriese pitching for Red Sox. Tsutsugo singled to left. Meadows struck out swinging. Arozarena singled to shallow center, Tsutsugo to second. Lowe singled to left, Arozarena to second, Tsutsugo to third. Hernandez pitching for Red Sox. Margot walked, Tsutsugo scored, Lowe to second, Arozarena to third. Díaz hit for Wendle. Díaz walked, Arozarena scored, Margot to second, Lowe to third. Adames struck out swinging. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Brosseau struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Díaz at third base. Mazza pitching for Rays. Gonzalez struck out looking. Renfroe singled to shallow right. Cordero singled to shallow left, Renfroe to second. Hernández flied out to right. Verdugo singled to shallow center, Renfroe scored, Cordero to third. Martinez homered to right (326 feet), Cordero scored and Verdugo scored. Springs pitching for Rays. Bogaerts singled to center. Devers flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Odom hit for Zunino. Valdéz pitching for Red Sox. Odom grounded out to pitcher. Tsutsugo grounded out to third. Meadows grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 2 - Red Sox 11.	Bogaerts has 4 of Boston's 16 hits in 11-2 win over Rays