Red Sox - Top 1st. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Hernández lined out to right. Verdugo hit by pitch. Martinez struck out swinging. Bogaerts reached on infield single to first, Verdugo to second. Devers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Mullins struck out swinging. Mancini walked. Santander sacrificed to pitcher, Mancini to second. Mountcastle struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Vázquez grounded out to third. Gonzalez lined out to center. Dalbec struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Stewart singled to right. Franco lined into double play, third to first, Stewart doubled off first. Ruiz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Cordero reached on infield single to shortstop. Hernández singled to left, Cordero to second. Verdugo homered to left (400 feet), Cordero scored and Hernández scored. Martinez homered to right (372 feet). Bogaerts struck out swinging. Devers walked. Vázquez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Devers out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Severino lined out to center. Galvis singled to left center. Mullins singled to right, Galvis to second. Mancini grounded into fielder's choice to right, Mullins safe at second on fielding error by first baseman Dalbec, Galvis to third. Santander struck out looking. Galvis out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Nick Pivetta pitches to Ryan Mountcastle. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 4th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Dalbec flied out to center. Cordero grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Mountcastle doubled to deep center. Stewart popped out to shortstop. Franco singled to center, Mountcastle scored. Ruiz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Franco out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop. Verdugo singled to right center, Hernández to third. Martinez singled to left, Hernández scored, Verdugo to second. Sceroler pitching for Orioles. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Devers homered to center (424 feet), Verdugo scored and Martinez scored. Vázquez singled to right. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Dalbec doubled to deep left, Vázquez to third. Cordero walked. Hernández hit by pitch, Vázquez scored, Cordero to second, Dalbec to third. Verdugo grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Severino struck out swinging. Galvis walked. Mullins struck out swinging. Mancini flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Sceroler pitching for Orioles. Martinez homered to right (382 feet). Bogaerts singled to center. Devers grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bogaerts safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Sceroler. Wells pitching for Orioles. Vázquez popped out to first. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to first, Devers out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 6th. McKenna hit for Santander. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. McKenna tripled to deep center. Mountcastle struck out swinging. Stewart walked. Franco homered to left (405 feet), McKenna scored and Stewart scored. Ruiz struck out swinging. Severino flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. McKenna in right field. Urías at shortstop. Wells pitching for Orioles. Dalbec lined out to center. Cordero struck out swinging. Hernández flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Brice pitching for Red Sox. Urías walked. Mullins walked, Urías to second. Mancini homered to right (368 feet), Urías scored and Mullins scored. McKenna struck out swinging. Mountcastle struck out swinging. Sawamura pitching for Red Sox. Stewart popped out to third. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Wells pitching for Orioles. Verdugo popped out to third. Martinez homered to center (430 feet). Armstrong pitching for Orioles. Bogaerts doubled to deep left. Devers homered to center (439 feet), Bogaerts scored. Vázquez grounded out to third. Gonzalez hit by pitch. Dalbec walked, Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez scored on throwing error by shortstop Urías, Cordero safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Ruiz, Cordero safe at second on error, Dalbec safe at third on error. Hernández struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Sawamura pitching for Red Sox. Franco flied out to third. Ruiz flied out to center. Severino walked. Urías popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Fry pitching for Orioles. Verdugo struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. Arroyo hit for Bogaerts. Arroyo reached on infield single to shortstop. Devers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Arroyo at shortstop. Valdéz pitching for Red Sox. Mullins doubled to third. Mullins to third on wild pitch by Valdéz. Mancini grounded out to shortstop, Mullins scored. McKenna singled to center. Mountcastle flied out to center. McKenna to second on fielder's indifference. McKenna to third on fielder's indifference. Stewart walked, McKenna scored on Valdéz wild pitch. Stewart to second on fielder's indifference. Franco walked. Ruiz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 14 - Orioles 9.	Martinez comes off COVID list, hits 3 HRs as Red Sox top O's