Red Sox - Top 1st. Berrios pitching for Twins. Hernández singled to left center. Verdugo grounded into double play, second to third to first, Hernández out at second. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Garver struck out swinging. Donaldson singled to shallow center. Cruz singled to right, Donaldson to third. Garlick hit sacrifice fly to center, Donaldson scored. Polanco singled to deep right center, Cruz to third. Arraez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Berrios pitching for Twins. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Devers flied out to center. Vázquez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Sanó fouled out to first. Kepler struck out looking. Cave struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Berrios pitching for Twins. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Dalbec struck out swinging. Cordero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Garver singled to right. Donaldson walked, Garver to second. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Donaldson out at second, Garver to third. Garlick grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cruz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Berrios pitching for Twins. Hernández flied out to center. Verdugo singled to shallow center. Verdugo to second on wild pitch by Berríos. Martinez walked. Bogaerts lined into double play, pitcher to second, Verdugo doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Polanco doubled to shallow left. Arraez flied out to left. Sanó struck out swinging. Kepler popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Berrios pitching for Twins. Devers doubled to catcher. Vázquez walked. Gonzalez struck out looking. Dalbec reached on infield single to second, Vázquez to second, Devers to third. Cordero walked, Devers scored, Dalbec to second, Vázquez to third. Duffey pitching for Twins. Hernández struck out swinging. Verdugo singled to right center, Dalbec scored and Vázquez scored, Cordero to third. Cordero scored on Duffey wild pitch, Verdugo to second on wild pitch by Duffey. Martinez walked. Bogaerts walked, Martinez to second, Verdugo to third. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Devers singled to right, Martinez scored and Verdugo scored, Bogaerts to third. Vázquez struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Cave grounded out to third. Garver struck out swinging. Donaldson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Arroyo hit for Gonzalez. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Arroyo struck out swinging. Dalbec struck out swinging. Cordero struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Arroyo at second base. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Cruz grounded out to first. Kirilloff hit for Garlick. Kirilloff struck out swinging. Polanco lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Kirilloff in left field. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Hernández struck out swinging. Verdugo homered to right (406 feet). Martinez lined out to right. Bogaerts singled to center. Devers popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Bazardo pitching for Red Sox. Arraez grounded out to second. Sanó walked. Kepler struck out swinging. Cave walked, Sanó to second. Garver grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cave out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 7 - Twins 1.	Eovaldi, Red Sox beat Twins 3-2, run winning streak to 8