Mariners - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Red Sox. Haniger doubled to deep left. France grounded out to second, Haniger to third. Seager doubled to deep left, Haniger scored. Lewis singled to left, Seager to third. White grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lewis out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Hernández grounded out to first. Verdugo singled to left center. Martinez flied out to left. Bogaerts homered to left (409 feet), Verdugo scored. Devers lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Red Sox. Murphy struck out looking. Moore walked. Haggerty walked, Moore to second. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Haggerty out at second, Moore to third. Haniger grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Vázquez grounded out to shortstop. Arroyo struck out looking. Renfroe walked. Dalbec walked, Renfroe to second. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Red Sox. France grounded out to shortstop. Seager struck out swinging. Lewis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Verdugo grounded out to first. Martinez homered to right (343 feet). Bogaerts grounded out to third. Devers grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Red Sox. White struck out swinging. Murphy lined out to left. Moore walked. Moore stole second. Haggerty walked. Crawford singled to center, Moore scored, Haggerty to second. Sawamura pitching for Red Sox. Haniger struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Vázquez grounded out to third. Arroyo grounded out to first. Renfroe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Sawamura pitching for Red Sox. France struck out swinging. Seager safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Dalbec. Lewis struck out swinging. White singled to deep left, Seager thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Dalbec singled to right center. Hernández walked, Dalbec to second. Verdugo singled to left, Hernández to second, Dalbec to third. Martinez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dalbec scored, Verdugo out at second, Hernández to third. Bogaerts singled to center, Hernández scored. Steckenrider pitching for Mariners. Devers struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Murphy struck out swinging. Moore lined out to first. Haggerty singled to left. Crawford grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Steckenrider pitching for Mariners. Vázquez singled to right. Arroyo struck out swinging. Renfroe singled to center, Renfroe to second, Vázquez to third. Dalbec struck out swinging. Hernández flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Haniger struck out looking. France grounded out to shortstop. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Newsome pitching for Mariners. Verdugo singled to right. Martinez singled to center, Verdugo to second. Verdugo scored on error, Bogaerts safe at first on fielding error by first baseman White, Martinez to second. Devers struck out swinging. Vázquez lined out to center. Arroyo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 8th. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Lewis doubled to deep right. White walked. Marmolejos hit for Murphy. Marmolejos grounded out to first, White to second, Lewis to third. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Moore struck out swinging. Haggerty struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Torrens catching. Newsome pitching for Mariners. Renfroe flied out to left. Dalbec struck out swinging. Hernández singled to right. Verdugo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Crawford walked. Haniger struck out looking. France singled to right center, Crawford to second. Seager homered to right (421 feet), Crawford scored and France scored. Lewis flied out to center. White lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Red Sox 6.	Bogaerts blasts one out of Fenway, BoSox hold on to beat M's