Red Sox - Top 1st. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Arroyo struck out looking. Verdugo grounded out to shortstop. Martinez singled to left. Bogaerts fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop. Solak singled to left. Gallo singled to left center, Solak to third. García lined into double play, second to first, Gallo doubled off first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Devers struck out swinging. Vázquez reached on infield single to shortstop. Dalbec flied out to center. Vázquez stole second. Renfroe homered to left (417 feet), Vázquez scored. Cordero grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Lowe grounded out to second. Trevino grounded out to second. Calhoun grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Arroyo grounded out to shortstop. Verdugo flied out to right. Martinez walked. Bogaerts fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Culberson singled to center. White struck out looking. Kiner-Falefa singled to right, Culberson to third. Solak singled to left, Culberson scored, Kiner-Falefa to second. Gallo struck out swinging. García walked, Solak to second, Kiner-Falefa to third. Lowe singled to left, Kiner-Falefa scored and Solak scored, García to second. Trevino struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Devers doubled to left. Vázquez singled to right, Devers to third. Dalbec grounded out to shortstop, Devers scored, Vázquez to second. Renfroe struck out swinging. Cordero grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Calhoun singled to center. Culberson flied out to center. White grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Calhoun out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Arroyo singled to center. Verdugo walked, Arroyo to second. Hearn pitching for Rangers. Martinez singled to right, Arroyo scored, Verdugo to third. Bogaerts singled to left, Verdugo scored, Martinez to second. Devers walked, Bogaerts to second, Martinez to third. Vázquez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Devers to second, Bogaerts to third, Martinez out at home. Dalbec struck out swinging. Renfroe struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Kiner-Falefa homered to left (377 feet). Solak struck out swinging. Gallo struck out looking. García lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Hearn pitching for Rangers. Cordero flied out to center. Arroyo grounded out to third. Verdugo singled to center. Sborz pitching for Rangers. Martinez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Andriese pitching for Red Sox. Lowe grounded out to shortstop. Trevino singled to right. Calhoun homered to right (371 feet), Trevino scored. Culberson walked. Dahl hit for White. Dahl struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa tripled to right center, Culberson scored. Solak bunt grounded out to catcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. García in center field. Dahl in left field. Sborz pitching for Rangers. Bogaerts doubled to deep left center. Devers struck out swinging. Bogaerts stole third. Vázquez hit sacrifice fly to right, Bogaerts scored. Dalbec struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Taylor pitching for Red Sox. Gallo struck out swinging. García flied out to center. Lowe lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Rodríguez pitching for Rangers. Renfroe singled to right center. Hernández hit for Cordero. Hernández struck out swinging. Arroyo singled to center, Renfroe to second. Verdugo grounded out to shortstop, Arroyo to second, Renfroe to third. Martinez intentionally walked. Bogaerts grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Verdugo in left field. Hernández in center field. Sawamura pitching for Red Sox. Trevino struck out swinging. Calhoun doubled to deep right. Culberson doubled to deep left center, Calhoun scored. Dahl struck out swinging. Culberson to third on passed ball by Vázquez. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Kennedy pitching for Rangers. Devers struck out swinging. Vázquez struck out looking. Dalbec struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 6 - Rangers 8.	Kiner-Falefa, Calhoun power Rangers past Red Sox 8-6