Red Sox - Top 1st. Lowther pitching for Orioles. Chavis struck out swinging. Verdugo singled to center. Martinez lined out to center. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Verdugo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Mullins reached on infield single to first. Mullins stole second. Hays fouled out to first. Mancini grounded out to third, Mullins to third. Stewart singled to center, Mullins scored. Mountcastle grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stewart out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Lowther pitching for Orioles. Devers grounded out to second. Vázquez walked. Gonzalez doubled to deep right center, Vázquez scored on throwing error by right fielder Stewart. Renfroe singled to center, Gonzalez scored. Dalbec flied out to right. Chavis homered to left center (381 feet), Renfroe scored. Verdugo singled to center. Martinez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Galvis homered to left (350 feet). Franco grounded out to shortstop. Sisco grounded out to second. Ruiz singled to left. Mullins grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Lowther pitching for Orioles. Bogaerts reached on infield single to third. Devers walked, Bogaerts to second. Vázquez singled to center, Bogaerts scored, Vázquez to second, Devers to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Armstrong pitching for Orioles. Renfroe fouled out to catcher. Dalbec singled to left, Devers scored and Vázquez scored. Chavis struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Hays flied out to center. Mancini grounded out to shortstop. Stewart grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Armstrong pitching for Orioles. Verdugo singled to left. Martinez singled to center, Verdugo to second. Bogaerts singled to shallow right, Martinez to second, Verdugo to third. Devers grounded into fielder's choice to first, Verdugo scored, Bogaerts out at second, Martinez to third. Vázquez singled to left, Martinez scored, Devers to second. Gonzalez struck out looking. Renfroe struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Mountcastle struck out looking. Galvis struck out swinging. Franco grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Lakins Sr. pitching for Orioles. Dalbec flied out to right. Chavis flied out to right. Verdugo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Sisco singled to left. Ruiz grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Sisco out at second. Mullins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Wells pitching for Orioles. Martinez walked. Martinez to second on wild pitch by Wells. Bogaerts homered to left (414 feet), Martinez scored. Devers struck out swinging. Vázquez struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Hays doubled to left. Mancini doubled to shallow left, Hays scored. Stewart walked. Mountcastle struck out swinging. Urías hit for Galvis. Urías singled to right, Mancini scored, Stewart to second. Franco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Urías out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Urías at shortstop. Wells pitching for Orioles. Renfroe singled to right. Dalbec struck out swinging. Chavis lined out to right. Verdugo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Sisco grounded out to third. Ruiz struck out swinging. Mullins lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Scott pitching for Orioles. Martinez struck out looking. Plawecki hit for Bogaerts. Plawecki walked. Cordero hit for Devers. Cordero walked, Plawecki to second. Cordero to second on wild pitch by Scott, Plawecki to third on wild pitch by Scott. Vázquez struck out swinging. Gonzalez lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Plawecki catching. Cordero in left field. Vázquez at first base. Gonzalez at shortstop. Dalbec at third base. Brice pitching for Red Sox. Hays struck out looking. Mancini grounded out to second. Stewart hit by pitch. Mountcastle flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Valaika pitching for Orioles. Renfroe safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Urías. Dalbec grounded into fielder's choice to second, Renfroe out at second. Chavis flied out to right. Verdugo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Brice pitching for Red Sox. Urías hit by pitch. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to first, Urías out at second. Sisco struck out swinging. Ruiz hit by pitch, Franco to second. Mullins walked, Ruiz to second, Franco to third. Hays reached on infield single to first, Franco scored and Ruiz scored, Mullins to third. Taylor pitching for Red Sox. Mancini struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 11 - Orioles 6.	Chavis, Bogaerts hit home runs, Red Sox beat Orioles 11-6