Yankees - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Red Sox. LeMahieu grounded out to third. Judge flied out to right. Sánchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. German pitching for Yankees. Chavis singled to right. Verdugo singled to center, Chavis to second. Martinez lined out to center. Chavis stole third. Bogaerts doubled to center, Chavis scored and Verdugo scored. Devers struck out swinging. Renfroe doubled to deep center, Bogaerts scored. Hernández struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Red Sox. Stanton walked. Voit singled to center, Stanton to second. Torres struck out looking. Urshela grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Voit safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Bogaerts, Stanton to third. Andújar struck out looking. Frazier walked, Stanton scored, Urshela to second, Voit to third. LeMahieu singled to right, Urshela scored and Voit scored, Frazier to third. Judge grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. German pitching for Yankees. Vázquez singled to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Chavis flied out to right. Verdugo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Red Sox. Sánchez grounded out to third. Stanton reached on infield single to third. Voit singled to right, Stanton to second. Torres grounded into double play, third to second to first, Voit out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. German pitching for Yankees. Martinez walked. Martinez to second on wild pitch by Germán. Bogaerts lined out to left. Devers safe at first on fielding error by pitcher Germán, Martinez safe at third on error. Renfroe hit sacrifice fly to center, Martinez scored. Hernández grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Red Sox. Urshela doubled to deep center. Andújar singled to right, Urshela thrown out at home. Frazier flied out to center. Sawamura pitching for Red Sox. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andújar out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. German pitching for Yankees. Vázquez flied out to right. Gonzalez bunt grounded out to pitcher. Chavis continues to at bat after dropped foul ball by first baseman Voit. Chavis lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. Sawamura pitching for Red Sox. Judge flied out to center. Sánchez walked. Stanton struck out swinging. Voit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Luetge pitching for Yankees. Verdugo grounded out to second. Martinez flied out to second. Bogaerts flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Torres grounded out to shortstop. Urshela struck out swinging. Andújar singled to right. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Luetge pitching for Yankees. Devers struck out swinging. Renfroe walked. Hernández struck out swinging. Vázquez walked, Renfroe to second. Loaisiga pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Judge grounded out to third. Sánchez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Loaisiga pitching for Yankees. Chavis struck out, Chavis to first on wild pitch by Loaisiga. Verdugo struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. Bogaerts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Stanton struck out looking. Voit struck out swinging. Torres lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Britton pitching for Yankees. Devers flied out to second. Cessa pitching for Yankees. Renfroe walked. Hernández grounded out to third, Renfroe to second. Vázquez singled to right center, Renfroe scored. Gonzalez singled to left, Vázquez to second. Chavis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Urshela reached on infield single to pitcher. Andújar singled to left, Urshela to second. Wade ran for Andújar. Frazier struck out swinging. Gardner ran for Urshela. LeMahieu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wade out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 3 - Red Sox 5.	Red Sox hold on for 4th straight win over Yankees, 5-3