Royals - Top 1st. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Merrifield singled to shallow center. Soler flied out to left. Santana singled to right, Merrifield to second. Perez flied out to right, Merrifield to third. O'Hearn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Bubic pitching for Royals. Hernández homered to left (387 feet). Verdugo hit by pitch. Martinez walked, Verdugo to second. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second, Verdugo to third. Devers grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bogaerts out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Dozier doubled to center. Dyson flied out to center. Rivero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dozier out at third. Lopez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Bubic pitching for Royals. Renfroe struck out looking. Gonzalez flied out to center. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Merrifield flied out to right. Soler flied out to left. Santana singled to right center. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Bubic pitching for Royals. Wong struck out swinging. Hernández walked. Verdugo grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. O'Hearn struck out swinging. Dozier popped out to shortstop. Dyson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Bubic pitching for Royals. Martinez homered to center (413 feet). Bogaerts grounded out to second. Devers grounded out to second. Renfroe walked. Gonzalez singled to left, Renfroe to second. Santana homered to right center (388 feet), Renfroe scored and Gonzalez scored. Wong grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Rivero struck out swinging. Lopez singled to center. Merrifield fouled out to third. Soler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Royals. Hernández lined out to center. Verdugo singled to right. Martinez doubled to left, Verdugo to third. Bogaerts hit by pitch. Devers singled to center, Martinez scored and Verdugo scored, Bogaerts to second. Renfroe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Devers to second, Bogaerts out at third. Gonzalez walked, Renfroe to second, Devers to third. Santana reached on infield single to second, Devers scored, Gonzalez to second, Renfroe to third. Renfroe scored, Santana to second, Gonzalez to third on balk. Wong struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Santana struck out swinging. Perez struck out swinging. O'Hearn grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Olivares in left field. Alberto at second base. O'Hearn at first base. Staumont pitching for Royals. Hernández flied out to right. Verdugo singled to deep right. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Verdugo out at second. Bogaerts doubled to left, Martinez to third. Devers homered to right (426 feet), Martinez scored and Bogaerts scored. Renfroe struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Dozier flied out to right. Dyson grounded out to shortstop. Rivero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Barlow pitching for Royals. Gonzalez singled to right. Santana struck out swinging. Wong singled to right, Gonzalez to third. Chavis hit for Hernández. Chavis hit sacrifice fly to left, Gonzalez scored. Wong to second on wild pitch by Barlow. Verdugo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Chavis at second base. Andriese pitching for Red Sox. Lopez singled to center. Olivares grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lopez out at second. Soler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Swarzak pitching for Royals. Martinez struck out looking. Bogaerts flied out to left. Devers singled to right. Renfroe singled to center, Devers to second. Gonzalez singled to right center, Devers scored, Renfroe to third. Santana doubled to deep left, Renfroe scored, Gonzalez to third. Wong struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Andriese pitching for Red Sox. Alberto popped out to second. Perez struck out swinging. O'Hearn safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Gonzalez. Dozier singled to right, O'Hearn to third. Dyson doubled to deep right, O'Hearn scored, Dozier to third. Rivero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 1 - Red Sox 15.	Red Sox hit 4 homers, Eovaldi shuts down Royals in 15-1 rout