Orioles - Top 1st. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Hays popped out to shortstop. Mancini struck out swinging. Severino reached on infield single to third. Santander struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Hernández singled to center. Verdugo singled to left, Hernández to second. Bogaerts hit by pitch, Verdugo to second, Hernández to third. Hernández scored on López wild pitch, Bogaerts to second on wild pitch by López, Verdugo to third on wild pitch by López. Devers homered to right (457 feet), Verdugo scored and Bogaerts scored. Martinez doubled to center. Renfroe grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martinez out at third. Duran grounded into fielder's choice to third, Renfroe out at second. Duran caught stealing second, catcher to second. Jorge Lopez pitches to Christian Vazquez. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Sale pitching for Red Sox. McKenna struck out looking. Franco grounded out to pitcher. Mateo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Vázquez walked. Dalbec grounded into double play, third to second to first, Vázquez out at second. Hernández doubled to left. Verdugo singled to left, Hernández scored. Bogaerts doubled to deep center, Verdugo scored. Bogaerts to third on wild pitch by López. Devers walked. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Devers out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Martin struck out swinging. Wynns grounded out to shortstop. Hays homered to left (314 feet). Mancini homered to center (405 feet). Severino struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Renfroe grounded out to third. Duran struck out swinging. Vázquez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Santander struck out swinging. McKenna doubled to left. Franco flied out to right, McKenna to third. Mateo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Dalbec popped out to second. Hernández hit by pitch. Verdugo singled to center, Hernández to second. Bogaerts singled to left, Verdugo to second, Hernández to third. Fry pitching for Orioles. Devers singled to shallow left, Hernández scored, Bogaerts to second, Verdugo to third. Martinez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Devers out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Martin reached on infield single to third. Wynns singled to right, Martin thrown out at third. Hays struck out swinging. Mancini grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Plutko pitching for Orioles. Renfroe walked. Duran tripled to deep center, Renfroe scored. Vázquez grounded out to second. Dalbec homered to left (373 feet), Duran scored. Hernández walked. Verdugo singled to center, Hernández to third. Bogaerts singled to center, Hernández scored, Verdugo to third. Devers struck out swinging. Martinez homered to left center (424 feet), Verdugo scored and Bogaerts scored. Valdez pitching for Orioles. Renfroe grounded out to shortstop. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Sawamura pitching for Red Sox. Severino reached on infield single to second. Santander flied out to center. Severino to second on wild pitch by Sawamura. McKenna walked. Franco grounded into double play, third to second to first, McKenna out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Stewart in left field. Valdez pitching for Orioles. Duran lined out to shortstop. Vázquez struck out swinging. Dalbec homered to left (445 feet). Hernández flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Araúz at shortstop. Cordero at first base. Dalbec at third base. Robles pitching for Red Sox. Mateo doubled to deep center. Martin fouled out to first. Wynns struck out swinging. Hays popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Tate pitching for Orioles. Verdugo grounded out to second. Araúz grounded out to second. Cordero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Plawecki catching. Vázquez at second base. Davis pitching for Red Sox. Mancini grounded out to shortstop. Severino struck out looking. Stewart struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Severino catching. Austin Wynns pitching for Orioles. Martinez popped out to first. Renfroe homered to center (428 feet). Duran lined out to right. Vázquez lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Pérez pitching for Red Sox. McKenna struck out swinging. Franco grounded out to shortstop. Mateo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 2 - Red Sox 16.	Sale makes first appearance since 2019; Sox pound O's 16-2