Orioles - Top 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Mullins struck out swinging. Hays walked. Mancini singled to left center, Hays to second. Santander singled to left, Hays scored on throwing error by left fielder Martinez, Santander to second, Mancini safe at third on error. Urías struck out swinging. Severino struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Akin pitching for Orioles. Hernández singled to center. Renfroe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hernández out at second. Bogaerts singled to center. Devers walked, Bogaerts to second. Devers to second on wild pitch by Akin, Bogaerts to third on wild pitch by Akin. Martinez homered to left (396 feet), Bogaerts scored and Devers scored. Schwarber flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. McKenna walked. Franco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McKenna out at second. Mateo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Akin pitching for Orioles. Dalbec grounded out to third. Verdugo reached on infield single to second. Vázquez flied out to center. Hernández flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Mullins lined out to center. Hays reached on infield single to pitcher. Mancini grounded out to third, Hays to second. Santander struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Akin pitching for Orioles. Renfroe struck out looking. Bogaerts walked. Devers doubled to left, Bogaerts to third. Martinez intentionally walked. Schwarber flied out to right. Dalbec struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Urías walked. Severino flied out to center. McKenna sacrificed to pitcher, Urías to second. Franco lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Akin pitching for Orioles. Verdugo popped out to shortstop. Vázquez singled to center. Hernández flied out to right. Renfroe flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Mateo struck out swinging. Mullins grounded out to second. Hays grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Diplán pitching for Orioles. Bogaerts flied out to left. Devers popped out to second. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Mancini lined out to left. Santander struck out swinging. Urías grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Abad pitching for Orioles. Schwarber doubled to deep right. Dalbec struck out swinging. Verdugo walked. Vázquez walked, Verdugo to second, Schwarber to third. Scott pitching for Orioles. Hernández reached on infield single to third, Schwarber scored, Vázquez to second, Verdugo to third. Renfroe walked, Verdugo scored, Hernández to second, Vázquez to third. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vázquez scored, Renfroe out at second, Hernández to third. Devers lined out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Severino hit by pitch. Severino to second on wild pitch by Ottavino. Severino to third on wild pitch by Ottavino. McKenna popped out to first. Franco walked. Mateo singled to shallow right, Severino scored, Franco to third. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Mullins popped out to third. Hays grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Wade pitching for Orioles. Martinez fouled out to first. Schwarber doubled to deep left center. Dalbec grounded out to second, Schwarber to third. Verdugo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Mancini struck out swinging. Santander struck out swinging. Urías struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Wade pitching for Orioles. Vázquez popped out to shortstop. Hernández flied out to right. Renfroe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Severino grounded out to third. Stewart hit for McKenna. Stewart doubled to right. Franco flied out to left. Mateo reached on infield single to third, Mateo safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Devers, Stewart safe at third on error. Mullins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 2 - Red Sox 6.	Rodriguez beats O's again; Boston wins 6-2 to finish sweep