Rangers - Top 1st. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Hernández struck out looking. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop. García grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Allard pitching for Rangers. Hernández flied out to center. Schwarber walked. Martinez struck out swinging. Bogaerts lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Lowe struck out looking. Peters struck out swinging. Martin singled to right. Solak grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Allard pitching for Rangers. Devers singled to center. Renfroe lined out to center. Plawecki flied out to left. Verdugo homered to right (398 feet), Devers scored. Dalbec struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Ibáñez singled to center. Trevino popped out to shortstop. Hernández singled to shallow left, Ibáñez to second. Kiner-Falefa lined into double play, shortstop to second, Ibáñez doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Allard pitching for Rangers. Hernández struck out swinging. Schwarber struck out swinging. Martinez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. García struck out swinging. Lowe grounded out to first. Peters flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Allard pitching for Rangers. Bogaerts walked. Devers flied out to center. Renfroe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bogaerts out at second. Plawecki flied out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Martin singled to left center. Solak safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Devers, Martin to second. Ibáñez sacrificed to pitcher, Solak to second, Martin to third. Martin scored on error, Trevino safe at first on error by first baseman Dalbec, Solak safe at third on error. Hernández grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to third to left, Hernández out at second, Trevino to third, Solak out at home in rundown. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Allard pitching for Rangers. Verdugo singled to center. Dalbec popped out to first. Hernández walked, Verdugo to second. Schwarber struck out swinging. Martinez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop. García struck out swinging. Lowe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Allard pitching for Rangers. Bogaerts fouled out to first. Devers bunt grounded out to pitcher. Renfroe homered to center (425 feet). Plawecki fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Peters grounded out to shortstop. Martin struck out swinging. Solak grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Sborz pitching for Rangers. Verdugo reached on infield single to shortstop. Duran hit for Dalbec. Duran struck out looking. Hernández walked, Verdugo to second. Martin pitching for Rangers. Schwarber singled to left, Hernández to second, Verdugo to third. Arroyo ran for Schwarber. Martinez struck out swinging. Bogaerts grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Hernández in center field. Arroyo at second base. Verdugo in left field. Shaw at first base. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Ibáñez grounded out to shortstop. Trevino walked. Hernández flied out to left. Kiner-Falefa singled to center, Trevino to second. García flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Martin pitching for Rangers. Devers grounded out to first. Patton pitching for Rangers. Renfroe grounded out to third. Plawecki lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Vázquez catching. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Lowe singled to shallow right. Peters singled to right, Lowe to second. Martin struck out swinging. Solak reached on infield single to shortstop, Peters to second, Lowe to third. Ibáñez hit ground rule double to deep right, Lowe scored and Peters scored, Solak to third. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Trevino struck out swinging. Hernández hit by pitch. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Patton pitching for Rangers. Verdugo grounded out to first. Shaw popped out to third. Hernández walked. Arroyo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 10th. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. García grounded out to shortstop. Lowe singled to left center, Kiner-Falefa scored. Peters struck out looking. Martin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 10th. Santana pitching for Rangers. Martinez flied out to center, Arroyo to third. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arroyo out at home. Devers doubled to deep center, Bogaerts scored. Renfroe struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 11th. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Solak popped out to first. Ibáñez grounded out to third, Martin to third. Trevino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 11th. Santana pitching for Rangers. Vázquez sacrificed, Vázquez safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Santana, Renfroe to third. Verdugo intentionally walked, Vázquez to second. Shaw homered to right (423 feet), Renfroe scored, Vázquez scored and Verdugo scored. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Rangers 4 - Red Sox 8.	Shaw hits grand slam as Red Sox beat Rangers 8-4 in 11