Indians - Top 1st. Crawford pitching for Red Sox. Straw walked. Rosario singled to center, Straw to second. Reyes singled to center, Rosario to second, Straw to third. Bradley hit sacrifice fly to right, Straw scored, Rosario to third. Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to right, Rosario scored. Zimmer struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Plesac pitching for Indians. Schwarber walked. Renfroe popped out to first. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schwarber safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Miller. Verdugo lined out to right. Plawecki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 2nd. Crawford pitching for Red Sox. Miller doubled to deep center. Hedges grounded out to catcher, Miller to third. Giménez flied out to right. Straw singled to center, Miller scored. Straw stole second. Rosario struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Plesac pitching for Indians. Shaw walked. Dalbec doubled to deep left center, Shaw to third. Lopez struck out swinging. Araúz flied out to center. Schwarber grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Crawford pitching for Red Sox. Reyes homered to left (419 feet). Bradley walked. Schreiber pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez doubled to left, Bradley to third. Zimmer singled to shallow left, Bradley scored and Ramirez scored. Miller singled to shallow right, Zimmer to second. Hedges grounded into double play, third to second to first, Miller out at second, Zimmer to third. Giménez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Plesac pitching for Indians. Renfroe lined out to center. Martinez singled to center. Verdugo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second. Plawecki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Schreiber pitching for Red Sox. Straw flied out to right. Rosario struck out swinging. Reyes walked. Bradley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Plesac pitching for Indians. Shaw struck out looking. Dalbec singled to left. Lopez doubled to left, Dalbec to third. Araúz flied out to left. Schwarber struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Schreiber pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez grounded out to second. Zimmer struck out swinging. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Plesac pitching for Indians. Renfroe doubled to deep center. Martinez doubled to left, Renfroe scored. Verdugo walked. Plawecki singled to center, Martinez scored, Verdugo to second. Shaw doubled to deep right center, Verdugo scored, Plawecki to third. Dalbec flied out to left. Devers hit for Lopez. Devers struck out swinging. Araúz struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Motter at second base. Schreiber pitching for Red Sox. Hedges doubled to deep center. Gonsalves pitching for Red Sox. Giménez struck out swinging. Straw grounded out to second, Hedges to third. Rosario grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Wittgren pitching for Indians. Schwarber grounded out to first. Renfroe singled to center. Martinez homered to right center (401 feet), Renfroe scored. Verdugo doubled to right. Plawecki grounded out to shortstop, Verdugo to third. Shaw grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Brasier pitching for Red Sox. Reyes singled to center. Bradley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Reyes out at second. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Bradley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Stephan pitching for Indians. Dalbec struck out swinging. Motter walked. Araúz flied out to left. Motter picked off first. Trevor Stephan pitches to Kyle Schwarber. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Robles pitching for Red Sox. Zimmer struck out swinging. Miller struck out swinging. Hedges grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Parker pitching for Indians. Schwarber grounded out to second. Renfroe singled to deep left. Martinez grounded out to second, Renfroe to second. Clase pitching for Indians. Verdugo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Valdéz pitching for Red Sox. Giménez singled to center. Giménez stole second. Straw walked. Rosario singled to shallow left, Giménez scored, Rosario to second, Straw to third. Reyes doubled to deep center, Rosario scored and Straw scored. Bradley singled to right, Reyes to third. Ramirez singled to shallow center, Reyes scored, Bradley to second. Mercado ran for Ramirez. Zimmer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mercado out at second, Bradley to third. Bradley scored on error, Miller safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Araúz, Zimmer to second. Hedges flied into double play, left to second, Zimmer doubled off second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Chang at first base. Mercado in left field. Clase pitching for Indians. Plawecki singled to right. Shaw grounded out to second, Plawecki to second. Dalbec grounded out to shortstop, Plawecki to third. Motter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 11 - Red Sox 5.	Indians homer in 19th straight; beat Sox 11-5