Red Sox - Top 1st. Baz pitching for Rays. Schwarber walked. Hernández doubled to left, Schwarber to third. Devers struck out swinging. Bogaerts singled to right, Schwarber scored, Hernández to third. Verdugo singled to center, Hernández scored, Bogaerts to second. Martinez singled to right, Verdugo to second, Bogaerts to third. Renfroe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Martinez out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Arozarena singled to left center. Franco singled to right, Arozarena to second. Lowe struck out swinging. Cruz walked, Franco to second, Arozarena to third. Díaz singled to right, Arozarena scored, Cruz to second, Franco to third. Luplow homered to left (387 feet), Franco scored, Cruz scored and Díaz scored. Margot flied out to right. Zunino struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Baz pitching for Rays. Vázquez singled to right center. Arroyo grounded out to third, Vázquez to second. Schwarber struck out swinging. Vázquez to third on passed ball by Zunino. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Houck pitching for Red Sox. Kiermaier flied out to center. Arozarena struck out swinging. Franco lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Baz pitching for Rays. Devers lined out to center. Bogaerts homered to left (398 feet). McHugh pitching for Rays. Verdugo homered to right (377 feet). Martinez flied out to right. Renfroe flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Houck pitching for Red Sox. Lowe struck out looking. Cruz struck out swinging. Díaz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Choi at first base. McHugh pitching for Rays. Vázquez struck out swinging. Arroyo struck out swinging. Schwarber grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Houck pitching for Red Sox. Choi grounded out to shortstop. Margot struck out swinging. Zunino grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. McHugh pitching for Rays. Hernández homered to left (393 feet). Devers walked. Wisler pitching for Rays. Bogaerts singled to left, Devers to second. Verdugo lined out to right, Devers to third. Martinez homered to center (412 feet), Devers scored and Bogaerts scored. Renfroe struck out swinging. Vázquez grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Houck pitching for Red Sox. Kiermaier fouled out to left. Arozarena grounded out to third. Franco singled to center. Lowe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Robertson pitching for Rays. Arroyo flied out to right. Schwarber struck out swinging. Hernández doubled to deep center. Devers walked. Bogaerts fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Houck pitching for Red Sox. Cruz fouled out to left. Díaz flied out to right. Choi homered to left (385 feet). Margot flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Wacha pitching for Rays. Verdugo reached on infield single to shortstop. Martinez singled to right, Verdugo to second. Renfroe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Martinez out at second, Verdugo to third. Vázquez singled to right, Verdugo scored. Arroyo bunt popped out to catcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Brasier pitching for Red Sox. Zunino struck out swinging. Kiermaier struck out swinging. Arozarena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Wacha pitching for Rays. Schwarber struck out swinging. Hernández hit ground rule double to left. Devers homered to center (425 feet), Hernández scored. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Verdugo grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Dalbec at first base. Robles pitching for Red Sox. Franco struck out swinging. Lowe struck out swinging. Cruz reached on infield single to pitcher. Díaz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Wacha pitching for Rays. Martinez doubled to deep left. Santana ran for Martinez. Renfroe singled to right, Santana to third. Vázquez reached on infield single to shortstop, Santana scored, Renfroe to second. Arroyo struck out swinging. Vázquez to second on wild pitch by Wacha, Renfroe to third on wild pitch by Wacha. Dalbec struck out swinging. Hernández singled to right center, Renfroe scored and Vázquez scored. Chargois pitching for Rays. Devers lined out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 9th. Santana as designated hitter. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Choi singled to center. Meadows hit for Margot. Meadows struck out swinging. Mejía hit for Zunino. Mejía walked, Choi to second. Kiermaier grounded into fielder's choice to first, Mejía out at second, Choi to third. Arozarena walked, Kiermaier to second. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Arozarena out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 14 - Rays 6.	Red Sox flex muscles, power past Rays 14-6 to even ALDS 1-1