Tigers - Top 1st. Severino pitching for Yankees. Kinsler struck out swinging. Adduci struck out swinging. Upton singled to center. Cabrera walked, Upton to second. Castellanos reached on infield single to second, Upton to third, Cabrera to second. Martínez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Ellsbury struck out looking. Frazier grounded out to second. Judge struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Severino pitching for Yankees. Mahtook hit by pitch. McCann struck out swinging. Iglesias struck out swinging. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mahtook out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Sánchez grounded out to shortstop. Holliday struck out swinging. Headley singled to center. Frazier grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Severino pitching for Yankees. Adduci struck out swinging. Upton flied out to left. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Torreyes lined out to second. Wade singled to left center. Ellsbury lined out to center. Frazier lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Castellanos flied out to center. Martínez grounded out to third. Mahtook singled to left, Mahtook to second on error by left fielder Frazier. McCann doubled to deep right, Mahtook scored. Iglesias safe at first on error by shortstop Torreyes, McCann to third. Kinsler flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Judge walked. Sánchez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Judge safe at second on error by second baseman Kinsler. Holliday walked, Judge to third, Sánchez to second. Headley doubled to deep right center, Judge and Sánchez scored, Holliday to third. Frazier singled to right center, Holliday and Headley scored. Torreyes flied out to center. Wade struck out looking. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to second, Frazier out at second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 5th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Adduci grounded out to first. Upton struck out looking. Cabrera walked. Castellanos walked, Cabrera to second. Martínez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Frazier grounded out to shortstop. Judge homered to left (400 feet). Sánchez grounded out to shortstop. Holliday struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Kahnle pitching for Yankees. Mahtook hit by pitch. McCann reached on infield single to third, Mahtook to second. Iglesias struck out swinging. Kinsler flied out to left. Adduci singled to left center, Mahtook scored, McCann to second. Upton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Machado at shortstop. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Headley singled to left center. Frazier flied out to right. Torreyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Headley out at second. Wade flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Betances pitching for Yankees. Cabrera struck out looking. Castellanos walked. Martínez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castellanos out at second. Martínez to second on passed ball by Sánchez. Mahtook popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Ellsbury hit by pitch. Ellsbury stole second. Frazier tripled to deep left center, Ellsbury scored. Judge walked. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Sánchez hit sacrifice fly to left, Frazier scored. Holliday struck out swinging. Headley struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Holder pitching for Yankees. McCann struck out looking. Machado grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler singled to center. Adduci struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Frazier struck out looking. Torreyes grounded out to pitcher. Wade grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Holder pitching for Yankees. Upton struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to shallow right. Castellanos singled to left, Cabrera to second. Martínez hit by pitch, Cabrera to third, Castellanos to second. Chapman pitching for Yankees. Mahtook grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera scored, Martínez out at second, Castellanos to third. McCann struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 3 - Yankees 7.	Judge snaps slump with 34th HR, Yankees top Tigers 7-3