Dodgers - Top 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Taylor grounded out to third. Seager popped out to shortstop. Turner singled to left. Bellinger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Kinsler walked. Kinsler stole second. Mahtook struck out swinging, Kinsler stole third. Upton doubled to deep center, Kinsler scored. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Upton scored. Castellanos flied out to right. Martínez lined out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Grandal walked. Puig flied out to center. González doubled to deep right, Grandal to third. Forsythe singled to right, Grandal scored, González to third. Pederson popped out to shortstop. Taylor doubled to left, González scored, Forsythe to third. Seager singled to deep right, Forsythe and Taylor scored, Seager to second advancing on throw. Turner flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Hill pitching for Dodgers. McCann popped out to shortstop. Presley walked. Iglesias grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Presley out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Bellinger popped out to first. Grandal doubled to right. Puig struck out swinging. González flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Kinsler flied out to right. Mahtook lined out to left. Upton homered to left (348 feet). Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Forsythe walked. Pederson doubled to deep center, Forsythe scored. Taylor doubled to deep center, Pederson scored. Seager struck out looking. Turner flied out to right, Taylor to third. Bellinger struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Castellanos flied out to center. Martínez struck out swinging. McCann singled to left. Presley walked, McCann to second. Iglesias grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Presley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Grandal popped out to second. Puig popped out to third. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Kinsler flied out to right. Mahtook doubled to left center. Upton reached on infield single to shortstop, Mahtook to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. Castellanos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Forsythe doubled to deep right center. Pederson flied out to right. Taylor singled to left, Forsythe to third, Taylor to second advancing on throw. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Seager hit sacrifice fly to center, Forsythe scored. Turner intentionally walked. Taylor stole third. Bellinger walked, Turner to second. Grandal grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Fields pitching for Dodgers. Martínez homered to right (400 feet). McCann grounded out to second. Presley reached on infield single to shortstop. Iglesias grounded into fielder's choice to third, Presley out at second. Kinsler struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Puig flied out to right. González grounded out to second. Forsythe lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Mahtook singled to left. Upton struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. Castellanos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mahtook out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Hernández hit for Pederson. Hernández struck out swinging. Taylor singled to left. Seager grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Taylor out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Hernández in center field. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Martínez singled to center. McCann singled to left, Martínez to second. Presley struck out swinging. Iglesias grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCann out at second, Martínez to third. Kinsler lined out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Turner walked. Bellinger walked, Turner to second. Grandal struck out swinging. Jiménez pitching for Tigers. Puig singled to left, Turner to third, Bellinger to second. González hit sacrifice fly to center, Turner scored, Bellinger out at third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Mahtook struck out swinging. Upton homered to left (433 feet). Cabrera singled to left. Castellanos singled to center, Cabrera to second. Martínez struck out swinging. McCann struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 8 - Tigers 5.	Gonzalez returns from DL, Dodgers top Tigers 8-5