White Sox - Top 1st. Jaye pitching for Tigers. Sánchez grounded out to first. Moncada lined out to center. Abreu walked. Delmonico homered to right (370 feet), Abreu scored. García lined out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Kinsler popped out to second. Presley grounded out to second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Jaye pitching for Tigers. Narváez lined out to shortstop. Davidson struck out looking. Anderson doubled to left. Hanson doubled to left, Anderson scored. Sánchez walked. Moncada singled to right, Hanson and Sánchez scored, Moncada to second on throwing error by right fielder Castellanos. Abreu singled to left, Moncada scored. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Delmonico struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Castellanos hit ground rule double to right. Candelario walked. McCann tripled to right, Castellanos and Candelario scored. Collins hit sacrifice fly to left, McCann scored. Mahtook grounded out to second. Iglesias grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Hardy pitching for Tigers. García singled to center. Narváez flied out to center. Davidson flied out to center. Anderson singled to center, García to third. García caught stealing home, pitcher to first to catcher. Hanson batting. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Kinsler doubled to deep left. Presley popped out to first. Cabrera flied out to right, Kinsler to third. Castellanos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Hanson singled to center. Sánchez struck out swinging. Hanson stole second. Moncada reached on infield single to third, Hanson to third. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center, Hanson scored. Delmonico singled to center, Moncada to third. Jiménez pitching for Tigers. García flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Candelario walked. McCann flied out to left. Collins popped out to shortstop. Mahtook tripled to deep right, Candelario scored. Iglesias fouled out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Hicks at first base. Jimenez pitching for Tigers. Narváez popped out to second. Davidson homered to left (360 feet). Anderson grounded out to pitcher. Hanson walked. Sánchez walked, Hanson to second. Hanson to third, Sánchez to second on passed ball by McCann. Moncada flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Kinsler lined out to left. Presley hit ground rule double to deep right. Hicks singled to center, Presley to third. Castellanos flied out to left. Candelario grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Norris pitching for Tigers. Abreu struck out looking. Delmonico flied out to left. García singled to right center. Narváez doubled to left center, García to third. Davidson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. McCann doubled to left. Collins popped out to shortstop. Mahtook fouled out to catcher. Iglesias lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Norris pitching for Tigers. Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop. Anderson stole second. Hanson walked. Anderson stole third, Hanson stole second. Sánchez hit sacrifice fly to right, Anderson scored, Hanson to third. Moncada grounded out to shortstop, Hanson scored. Abreu lined out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Engel in center field. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Kinsler flied out to right. Presley struck out swinging. Hicks grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Norris pitching for Tigers. Delmonico flied out to center. García walked. Narváez singled to left, García to second. Davidson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Narváez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Volstad pitching for White Sox. Castellanos grounded out to shortstop. Candelario singled to right center. McCann singled to center, Candelario to second. Collins grounded out to pitcher, Candelario to third, McCann to second. Mahtook grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Reininger pitching for Tigers. Anderson singled to right. Engel singled to center, Anderson to second. Sánchez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Engel out at second, Anderson to third. Moncada struck out swinging. Abreu popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Volstad pitching for White Sox. Iglesias grounded out to third. Kinsler hit by pitch. Kinsler to second on fielder's indifference. Presley grounded out to first, Kinsler to third. Hicks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 10 - Tigers 4.	White Sox pound Tigers, win first season series since 2008