Nationals - Top 1st. Madson pitching for Phillies. Soriano doubled to left. Vidro grounded out to pitcher. Johnson walked. Guillen singled to right, Soriano to third, Johnson to second. Zimmerman doubled to deep left, Soriano and Johnson scored, Guillen to third. Church walked. Clayton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guillen scored, Church out at second, Zimmerman to third. Schneider singled to left, Zimmerman scored, Clayton to third. Traber singled to left, Clayton scored, Schneider to second. Soriano struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Traber pitching for Nationals. Rollins walked. Rowand struck out looking. Abreu safe at first on error by shortstop Clayton, Rollins to second. Burrell doubled to deep right center, Rollins and Abreu scored. Utley struck out swinging. Bell grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 2nd. Madson pitching for Phillies. Vidro walked. Johnson homered to right, Vidro scored. Guillen singled to left. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman walked, Guillen to second. Church walked, Guillen to third, Zimmerman to second. Clayton hit sacrifice fly to right, Guillen scored, Zimmerman to third. Schneider grounded into fielder's choice to third, Zimmerman scored, Church out at second. Traber popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Traber pitching for Nationals. Howard struck out swinging. Lieberthal grounded out to third. Fultz lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Soriano struck out swinging. Vidro flied out to right. Johnson doubled to left. Guillen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Traber pitching for Nationals. Rollins grounded out to first. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. Abreu walked. Burrell walked, Abreu to second. Utley doubled to right, Abreu and Burrell scored. Bell grounded into fielder's choice to third, Utley out at third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Church singled to right. Clayton grounded out to third, Church to second. Schneider intentionally walked. Traber struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Traber pitching for Nationals. Howard grounded out to shortstop. Nunez hit for Fultz. Lieberthal flied out to center. Nunez walked. Geary pitching for Phillies. Rollins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Soriano singled to center. Vidro grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Soriano out at second. Johnson homered to center. Guillen grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Traber pitching for Nationals. Rowand flied out to left. Abreu grounded out to third. Burrell flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman singled to left. Church grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Zimmerman out at second. Clayton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Traber pitching for Nationals. Utley popped out to first. Bell safe at first on error by first baseman Johnson. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Howard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bell out at second. Lieberthal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 7th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Schneider grounded out to third. Rauch grounded out to shortstop. Victorino hit for Geary. Soriano struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Victorino popped out to first. Rollins grounded out to second. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Rowand flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Vidro popped out to first. Johnson singled to right. Byrd ran for Guillen. Guillen hit by pitch, Johnson to second. Zimmerman flied out to left. Byrd in center field. Church in right field. Church flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Abreu flied out to left. Burrell flied out to center. Utley singled to right. Santana pitching for Phillies. Bell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Santana pitching for Phillies. Clayton flied out to center. Anderson hit for Rauch. Schneider singled to right. Anderson flied out to center. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Soriano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schneider out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Howard walked. Howard to second on balk by Rodriguez. Dellucci hit for Santana. Lieberthal lined out to shortstop. Dellucci flied out to center. Rollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 10 - Phillies 4.	Robinson reaches 1,000 wins as Nats dump Phils