Marlins - Top 1st. Armas pitching for Nationals. Amezaga popped out to second. Uggla flied out to right. Cabrera singled to center. Willingham singled to center, Cabrera to second. Helms struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Byrd walked. Vidro flied out to left. Soriano singled to center, Byrd to second. Johnson popped out to second. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Soriano out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Olivo hit by pitch. Aguila grounded out to shortstop, Olivo to second. Abercrombie homered to left, Olivo scored. Moehler struck out swinging. Amezaga grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman singled to right. Schneider grounded out to catcher, Zimmerman to second. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. Armas Jr grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Uggla flied out to right. Cabrera hit by pitch. Willingham doubled to left center, Cabrera to third. Cabrera scored, Willingham to third on wild pitch by Armas Jr. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Helms homered to center, Willingham scored. Olivo struck out swinging. Aguila doubled to deep right center. Abercrombie intentionally walked. Moehler struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Byrd grounded out to third. Vidro singled to center. Soriano singled to left, Vidro to second. Johnson lined out to first. Guillen singled to right center, Vidro scored, Soriano to third. Zimmerman walked, Guillen to second. Schneider walked, Soriano scored, Guillen to third, Zimmerman to second. Clayton popped out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Amezaga singled to center. Amezaga to second on wild pitch by Bergmann. Uggla grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Amezaga out at third. Cabrera lined out to center. Willingham doubled to left, Uggla to third. Helms intentionally walked. Church hit for Bergmann. Olivo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Church singled to center. Byrd popped out to second. Vidro walked, Church to second. Soriano struck out swinging. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Johnson popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Aguila walked. Abercrombie flied out to center. Moehler bunted into fielder's choice to first, Aguila out at second. Amezaga grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Guillen doubled to deep left. Zimmerman reached on bunt single to third, Guillen to third. Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins. Schneider singled to right, Guillen scored, Zimmerman to second. Ward hit for Majewski. Clayton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Zimmerman out at third, Schneider to second. Ward walked, Schneider to third, Clayton to second. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Byrd grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ward out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Uggla flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to third. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins. Vidro walked. Soriano grounded out to shortstop, Vidro to second. Johnson walked. Vidro to third, Johnson to second on wild pitch by Wellemeyer. Guillen hit sacrifice fly to right, Vidro scored, Johnson to third. Zimmerman struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Helms singled to center. Olivo flied out to right. German pitching for Marlins. Treanor catching. Aguila struck out swinging. Helms caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. German pitching for Marlins. Schneider homered to right. Anderson hit for Rauch. Clayton grounded out to third. Anderson fouled out to third. Byrd walked. Vidro walked, Byrd to second. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Soriano popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Abercrombie grounded out to third. Treanor popped out to first. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Amezaga flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Johnson grounded out to second. Guillen struck out swinging. Zimmerman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Uggla doubled to deep left center. Cabrera struck out looking. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Jackson at third base. Willingham intentionally walked. Ramirez hit for Nolasco. Helms struck out looking. Ramirez singled to center, Uggla scored, Willingham to third. Borowski pitching for Marlins. Aguila flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Borowski pitching for Marlins. Schneider struck out swinging. Clayton grounded out to second. Jackson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 6 - Nationals 5.	Marlins snap five-game skid with single in ninth vs. Nats