Orioles - Top 1st. Armas pitching for Nationals. Fahey lined out to shortstop. Mora bunt grounded out to pitcher. Tejada singled to right. Tejada to third on wild pitch by Armas Jr. Gibbons flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Soriano flied out to center. Vidro singled to center. Johnson lined out to left. Ward flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Hernandez flied out to right. Millar flied out to right. Patterson reached on bunt single to pitcher. Patterson stole second. Markakis intentionally walked. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Zimmerman doubled to deep left. Escobar grounded out to shortstop, Zimmerman to third. Clayton walked. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center, Zimmerman scored. Armas Jr struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Fahey walked. Mora flied out to center. Tejada walked, Fahey to second. Gibbons singled to center, Fahey scored, Tejada to second, Tejada to third, Gibbons to second on throwing error by center fielder Escobar. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop, Tejada scored, Gibbons to third. Millar grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Soriano flied out to right. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Patterson reached on infield single to third. Patterson stole second. Markakis walked. Lopez sacrificed to first, Patterson to third, Markakis to second. Fahey grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Patterson out at home. Mora fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Ward lined out to right. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Escobar popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Tejada walked. Gibbons singled to right, Tejada to second. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gibbons out at second, Tejada to third. Millar singled to right center, Tejada scored, Hernandez to second. Patterson singled to right, Hernandez to third, Millar to second. Markakis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Patterson out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Clayton fouled out to first. Fick hit for Armas Jr. Gonzalez flied out to center. Fick singled to right. Soriano homered to left, Fick scored. Vidro singled to left. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Johnson popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Lopez struck out swinging. Fahey struck out looking. Mora reached on infield single to shortstop. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Ward grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman singled to center. Anderson hit for Clayton. Escobar singled to left, Zimmerman to third. Anderson singled to center, Escobar scored. Manon pitching for Orioles. Jackson hit for Rauch. Gonzalez walked, Anderson to second. Jackson hit by pitch, Anderson to third, Gonzalez to second. Soriano walked, Anderson scored, Gonzalez to third, Jackson to second. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Vidro hit sacrifice fly to center, Gonzalez scored, Jackson to third, Soriano to second. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Jackson at shortstop. Johnson flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 7th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Gibbons flied out to left. Hernandez grounded out to second. Byrd hit for Ward. Britton pitching for Orioles. Millar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Byrd struck out looking. Zimmerman walked. Escobar singled to left, Zimmerman to third. Majewski sacrificed to pitcher, Escobar to second. Byrd in right field. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Patterson flied out to right. Matos hit for Britton. Markakis struck out swinging. Rleal pitching for Orioles. Matos grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Rleal pitching for Orioles. Jackson grounded out to first. Soriano walked. Vidro singled to right, Soriano to second. Johnson walked, Soriano to third, Vidro to second. Byrd walked, Soriano scored, Vidro to third, Johnson to second. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Zimmerman grounded into double play, third to second to first, Byrd out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Fahey struck out looking. Mora hit by pitch. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mora out at second. Gibbons grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 3 - Nationals 8.	Soriano homers in third straight game to lift Nationals