Rockies - Top 1st. Armas pitching for Nationals. Carroll walked. Sullivan sacrificed to first, Carroll to second. Helton walked. Holliday struck out looking. Atkins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Kim pitching for Rockies. Soriano popped out to shortstop. Clayton grounded out to third. Vidro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Hawpe grounded out to second. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Johnson grounded out to second. Zimmerman singled to right. Guillen singled to right, Zimmerman to third. Schneider grounded out to first, Zimmerman scored, Guillen to second. Byrd singled to center, Guillen scored, Byrd to second on error by catcher Torrealba. Armas Jr singled to right, Byrd scored. Soriano flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 3rd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Kim singled to right center. Carroll walked, Kim to second. Sullivan sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kim to third, Carroll to second. Helton hit sacrifice fly to left, Kim scored. Holliday singled to right, Carroll scored, Sullivan to third. Atkins homered to left, Sullivan and Holliday scored. Hawpe singled to right center. Torrealba struck out looking. Barmes struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. Vidro walked. Johnson singled to center, Vidro to second. Zimmerman doubled to deep left, Vidro scored, Johnson to third. Guillen struck out swinging. Schneider intentionally walked. Byrd safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Barmes, Johnson and Zimmerman scored, Schneider to third. Armas Jr grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 4th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Kim singled to right center. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Carroll singled to left center, Kim to second. Sullivan sacrificed to third, Kim to third, Carroll to second. Helton intentionally walked. Holliday singled to left, Kim and Carroll scored, Helton to third. Holliday stole second. Atkins hit sacrifice fly to left, Helton scored. Hawpe grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Soriano singled to center. Clayton singled to right, Soriano to third. Clayton stole second. Vidro struck out swinging. Johnson intentionally walked. Martin pitching for Rockies. Zimmerman singled to right, Soriano and Clayton scored, Johnson to second, Zimmerman to second, Johnson to third advancing on throw. Guillen intentionally walked. Schneider flied out to center. Byrd struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Torrealba grounded out to second. Barmes lined out to shortstop. LeCroy hit for Rauch. Martin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Martin pitching for Rockies. LeCroy walked. Ortiz ran for LeCroy. Soriano flied out to right. Clayton struck out swinging. Bray pitching for Nationals. Vidro singled to right, Ortiz thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Bray pitching for Nationals. Carroll homered to left. Sullivan singled to right. Helton singled to center, Sullivan to third. Holliday singled to center, Sullivan scored, Helton to second. Atkins flied out to left. Hawpe struck out swinging. Torrealba doubled to deep right, Helton and Holliday scored. Barmes intentionally walked. Martin grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Martin pitching for Rockies. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman lined out to center. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Bray pitching for Nationals. Carroll singled to left center. Sullivan sacrificed to first, Carroll to second. Helton singled to right, Carroll scored. Holliday flied out to right. Atkins doubled to center, Helton to third. Hawpe flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Spilborghs in right field. Schneider flied out to center. Anderson hit for Bray. Byrd flied out to left. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Torrealba flied out to left. Barmes grounded out to third. Spilborghs lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Soriano struck out swinging. Clayton struck out swinging. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Vidro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Carroll struck out swinging. Sullivan flied out to right. Helton homered to right. Holliday reached on infield single to third. Piedra hit for Ramirez. Atkins singled to center, Holliday to second. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Piedra popped out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Johnson struck out looking. Zimmerman doubled to deep right center. Guillen struck out swinging. Schneider flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 14 - Nationals 8.	Carroll, Atkins fuel Rockies' 18-hit victory over Nats