Marlins - Top 1st. O'Connor pitching for Nationals. Ramirez struck out swinging. Uggla singled to right. Cabrera homered to left, Uggla scored. Willingham homered to left center. Helms struck out swinging. Hermida grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Petit pitching for Marlins. Soriano reached on infield single to shortstop. Vidro doubled to deep right center, Soriano scored. Zimmerman singled to center, Vidro to third. Johnson singled to right, Vidro scored, Zimmerman to second. Ward singled to right, Zimmerman scored, Johnson to third. Clayton hit sacrifice fly to center, Johnson scored. Schneider grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Ward out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. O'Connor pitching for Nationals. Olivo singled to center. Olivo to second on wild pitch by O'Connor. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Abercrombie walked. Petit struck out looking. Ramirez singled to right, Olivo to third, Abercrombie to second. Uggla doubled to deep left, Olivo and Abercrombie scored, Ramirez to third. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Ramirez scored, Uggla to third. Willingham singled to left, Uggla scored. Helms hit by pitch, Willingham to second. Hermida flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Petit pitching for Marlins. Byrd struck out swinging. Bergmann grounded out to third. Soriano doubled to deep left. Vidro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Olivo flied out to center. Abercrombie grounded out to shortstop. Petit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Petit pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman singled to left. Johnson fouled out to third. Ward struck out looking. Zimmerman caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Ramirez struck out swinging. Uggla struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Petit pitching for Marlins. Clayton lined out to left. Schneider flied out to center. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Jackson in center field. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Willingham lined out to left. Helms tripled to deep right center. Hermida intentionally walked. Olivo singled to center, Helms scored, Hermida to third. Abercrombie grounded into fielder's choice to right, Hermida scored, Olivo safe at third on error by second baseman Vidro. Petit singled to left, Olivo scored, Abercrombie to third. Ramirez singled to left, Abercrombie scored, Petit to second. Uggla doubled to deep center, Petit and Ramirez scored. Cabrera singled to center, Uggla scored. Willingham singled to left, Cabrera to second. Bray pitching for Nationals. Helms singled to center, Cabrera scored, Willingham to second. Hermida grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Helms out at second. 8 Runs, 8 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Petit pitching for Marlins. Jackson flied out to center. Soriano doubled to deep center. Vidro singled to right, Soriano to third. Zimmerman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vidro out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Bray pitching for Nationals. Olivo lined out to third. Abercrombie grounded out to third. Petit grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Petit pitching for Marlins. Johnson lined out to second. Ward flied out to center. Clayton doubled to left. Fick hit for Bray. Schneider singled to center, Clayton scored. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Fick catching. Fick flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Ramirez walked. Uggla singled to right, Ramirez to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Willingham doubled to deep center, Ramirez scored, Uggla to third. Helms hit ground rule double to deep left, Uggla and Willingham scored. Hermida grounded out to first, Helms to third. Amezaga at shortstop. Treanor catching. Helms at third base. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Olivo at first base. Borchard in right field. Olivo struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Jackson walked. Jackson stole second. Soriano flied out to right. Vidro singled to right, Jackson scored. Zimmerman walked, Vidro to second. Johnson walked, Vidro to third, Zimmerman to second. Ward struck out swinging. LeCroy hit for Stanton. Clayton singled to right, Vidro and Zimmerman scored, Johnson to second. LeCroy singled to right, Johnson scored, Clayton to third. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Fick struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Abercrombie grounded out to shortstop. Borchard grounded out to second. Amezaga reached on infield single to third. Uggla grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Jackson struck out looking. Soriano lined out to second. Vidro walked. Zimmerman safe at second on error by center fielder Abercrombie, Vidro to third. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Treanor grounded out to pitcher. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. Helms struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Ward struck out swinging. Anderson hit for Majewski. Clayton flied out to right. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 18 - Nationals 9.	Marlins snap four-game skid, ride eight-run fifth past Nats