Nationals - Top 1st. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Soriano flied out to left. Lopez grounded out to catcher. Vidro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Bautista doubled to deep center. Wilson grounded out to second, Bautista to third. Sanchez singled to center, Bautista scored. Bay doubled to left, Sanchez to third. Casey singled to center, Sanchez and Bay scored, Casey to second advancing on throw. Burnitz grounded out to second, Casey to third. Castillo flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Johnson doubled to deep center. Zimmerman struck out looking. Kearns reached on infield single to shortstop. Guillen struck out swinging, Johnson stole third, Kearns stole second. Fick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Cota singled to right. Maholm sacrificed to first, Cota to second. Bautista flied out to center. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Soriano homered to left. Lopez struck out swinging. Vidro grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Sanchez flied out to right. Bay flied out to center. Casey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Johnson singled to center. Zimmerman flied out to left. Kearns struck out swinging. Guillen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Burnitz grounded out to second. Castillo singled to center. Cota fouled out to first. Maholm grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Fick grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez singled to right. Soriano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hernandez out at second. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Soriano out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Bautista singled to left. Wilson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bautista out at second. Sanchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Vidro walked. Johnson grounded out to pitcher, Vidro to second. Zimmerman singled to center, Vidro to third. Kearns grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Zimmerman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Bay struck out looking. Casey lined out to shortstop. Burnitz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Guillen walked. Escobar hit for Hernandez. Fick flied out to center. Torres pitching for Pirates. Escobar homered to left, Guillen scored. Soriano singled to center. Lopez grounded out to second, Soriano to second. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Vidro grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Castillo walked. McLouth hit for Torres. Cota grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castillo out at second. McLouth walked, Cota to second. Bautista grounded out to shortstop, Cota to third, McLouth to second. Marte pitching for Pirates. Wilson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Johnson walked. Zimmerman singled to left, Johnson to third. Kearns popped out to second. Guillen popped out to second. Ward hit for Rivera. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Fick singled to center, Johnson scored, Zimmerman to third. Gryboski pitching for Nationals. Ward struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Gryboski pitching for Nationals. Sanchez lined out to second. Bay hit by pitch. Casey lined out to second. Burnitz singled to right center, Bay to third. Randa hit for Cota. Castillo singled to left, Bay scored, Burnitz to second. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Paulino catching. Randa lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Soriano singled to right center. Lopez sacrificed to catcher, Soriano to second. Soriano stole third. Vidro walked. Johnson struck out looking. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vidro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Paulino struck out swinging. Bautista lined out to left. Wilson singled to right. Sanchez singled to center, Wilson to second. Bay fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 10th. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Kearns flied out to left. Guillen grounded out to pitcher. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Fick struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 10th. Wilson hit for Burnitz. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Casey grounded out to first. Wilson reached on infield single to third. Hernandez hit for Gonzalez. Castillo lined out to right. Wilson in right field. Hernandez pitching for Pirates. Anderson hit for Stanton. Hernandez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 11th. Hernandez pitching for Pirates. Anderson doubled to deep center. Soriano sacrificed to pitcher, Anderson to third, Soriano safe at first on error by pitcher Hernandez. Anderson to third on error by pitcher Hernandez. Soriano stole second. Lopez struck out looking. Vidro intentionally walked. Johnson doubled to deep left, Anderson and Soriano scored, Vidro to third. Santos pitching for Pirates. Zimmerman intentionally walked. Kearns flied out to center. Guillen doubled to deep left, Vidro and Johnson scored, Zimmerman to third. Kearns in right field. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Matos in center field. Fick struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 11th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Paulino fouled out to first. Bautista struck out looking. Wilson fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 8 - Pirates 4.	Johnson's double in 11th helps Nats avoid Pirates sweep