Marlins - Top 1st. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Amezaga singled to center. Amezaga to second on wild pitch by Ortiz. Uggla struck out swinging. Jacobs singled to center, Amezaga scored. Cabrera flied out to center. Willingham grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Marlins. Soriano doubled to deep right. Lopez struck out swinging. Zimmerman singled to left, Soriano to third. Zimmerman to second on wild pitch by Willis. Soriano scored, Zimmerman to third on wild pitch by Willis. Johnson walked. Kearns grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zimmerman scored, Johnson out at second. Kearns caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Escobar batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Hermida doubled to right. Ramirez reached on infield single to third, Hermida to third. Olivo fouled out to first. Ramirez stole second. Willis struck out swinging. Amezaga grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Escobar singled to center. Jackson flied out to right. Harper doubled to right, Escobar to third. Ortiz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Escobar out at home, Harper to third. Soriano walked, Ortiz to second. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Uggla grounded out to shortstop. Jacobs flied out to center. Cabrera singled to center. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman singled to left. Johnson struck out looking. Kearns singled to center, Zimmerman to third, Kearns to second advancing on throw. Escobar hit sacrifice fly to right, Zimmerman scored, Kearns to third. Jackson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Hermida flied out to center. Ramirez grounded out to third. Olivo singled to center. Willis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Harper hit by pitch. Ortiz out on batter's interference to catcher. Ortiz batting. Soriano flied out to center. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Amezaga flied out to left. Uggla flied out to center. Jacobs flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman walked. Johnson singled to left, Zimmerman to second. Kearns walked, Zimmerman to third, Johnson to second. Escobar struck out swinging. Jackson grounded out to pitcher, Zimmerman scored, Johnson to third, Kearns to second on throwing error by pitcher Willis. Harper grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 6th. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Cabrera singled to left center. Willingham struck out looking. Hermida grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera out at second. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Ortiz walked. Soriano struck out swinging. Herges pitching for Marlins. Ross in left field. Lopez singled to center, Ortiz to second. Zimmerman walked, Ortiz to third, Lopez to second. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Zimmerman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Olivo hit ground rule double to deep right. Ross struck out swinging. Amezaga grounded out to first, Olivo to third. Bowie pitching for Nationals. Uggla hit by pitch. Abercrombie ran for Jacobs. Jacobs safe at first on error by shortstop Lopez, Olivo scored, Uggla to third. Helms hit for Herges. Cabrera walked, Abercrombie to second. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Helms at first base. Helms flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Kearns singled to center. Anderson hit for Jackson. Escobar walked, Kearns to second. Ward hit for Harper. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Anderson lined out to center, Kearns to third. Matos hit for Bowie. Ward walked, Escobar to second. Schneider ran for Ward. Matos struck out looking. Anderson at second base. Schneider catching. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Hermida popped out to third. Ramirez flied out to center. Olivo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Lopez walked. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Johnson walked, Lopez to second. Kearns walked, Lopez to third, Johnson to second. Escobar hit sacrifice fly to right, Lopez scored, Johnson to third. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Anderson flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Ross struck out swinging. Amezaga struck out swinging. Borchard hit for Pinto. Uggla singled to center. Uggla to second on fielder's indifference. Borchard popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 2 - Nationals 5.	Willis' wild pitches, error doom Marlins against Nats