Braves - Top 1st. Traber pitching for Nationals. Giles flied out to left. Renteria grounded out to third. Jones grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Soriano flied out to center. Lopez walked. Zimmerman struck out swinging, Lopez stole second. Johnson walked. Kearns struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Traber pitching for Nationals. Francoeur struck out swinging. Diaz doubled to deep right. LaRoche walked. Pratt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, LaRoche out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Escobar singled to right. Schneider doubled to deep right, Escobar to third. Castro grounded out to second, Escobar scored, Schneider to third. Traber walked. Soriano singled to left, Schneider scored, Traber to second. Lopez doubled to deep right, Soriano tagged out at third, Traber to third. Zimmerman reached on infield single to third, Traber scored, Lopez to third. Johnson singled to right center, Lopez scored, Zimmerman to third. Kearns struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Traber pitching for Nationals. Langerhans struck out looking. Smoltz grounded out to pitcher. Giles flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Escobar struck out looking. Schneider struck out swinging. Castro singled to left. Traber struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Traber pitching for Nationals. Renteria safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman. Jones singled to right, Renteria to third. Francoeur doubled to deep center, Renteria scored, Jones to third. Diaz hit by pitch. LaRoche singled to right, Jones scored, Francoeur to third, Diaz to second. Pratt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Francoeur scored, LaRoche out at second, Diaz to third. Langerhans struck out swinging. Smoltz grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Soriano flied out to left. Lopez singled to right. Zimmerman homered to left center, Lopez scored. Johnson grounded out to second. Kearns grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Traber pitching for Nationals. Giles popped out to second. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. Schneider grounded out to second. Castro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Traber pitching for Nationals. Francoeur singled to left. Diaz lined out to third. LaRoche hit by pitch, Francoeur to second. Pratt flied out to right, Francoeur to third. Jones hit for Smoltz. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Church in center field. Langerhans singled to left center, Francoeur scored, LaRoche to second. Pena Jr ran for Jones. Jones singled to left, LaRoche scored, Langerhans to third. Paronto pitching for Braves. Giles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pena Jr out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Paronto pitching for Braves. Church reached on infield single to pitcher. Soriano flied out to left. Lopez lined out to left. Church caught stealing second, catcher to second. Zimmerman batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Renteria fouled out to second. Jones struck out looking. Ray pitching for Braves. Francoeur flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Ray pitching for Braves. Zimmerman flied out to center. Johnson walked. Anderson hit for Rivera. Kearns flied out to right. Anderson walked, Johnson to second. Schneider homered to right, Johnson and Anderson scored. McBride pitching for Braves. Castro singled to left. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Church popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Diaz flied out to center. LaRoche homered to right. Pratt struck out swinging. Yates pitching for Braves. Langerhans struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Yates pitching for Braves. Soriano struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Zimmerman safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Jones. Johnson walked, Zimmerman to second. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Orr hit for Yates. Kearns grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Orr singled to left center. Giles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Orr out at second. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to third, Giles out at second. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 6 - Nationals 9.	Zimmerman, Nats rough up Smoltz in win vs. Braves