Nationals - Top 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Soriano flied out to center. Lopez grounded out to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Rollins struck out swinging. Victorino flied out to left. Utley walked. Howard flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Johnson grounded out to second. Kearns flied out to center. Vidro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Burrell walked. Rowand singled to center, Burrell to third. Coste flied out to center. Nunez walked, Rowand to second. Hamels singled to right, Burrell and Rowand scored, Nunez to third. Rollins doubled to right, Nunez scored, Hamels to third. Victorino singled to center, Hamels and Rollins scored, Victorino to second advancing on throw. Utley hit by pitch. Howard homered to center, Victorino and Utley scored. Burrell flied out to center. Wagner pitching for Nationals. Rowand hit by pitch. Coste singled to left center, Rowand to third. Nunez grounded out to catcher. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Escobar singled to right center. Schneider grounded out to pitcher, Escobar to second. Wagner singled to left, Escobar to third. Soriano struck out swinging. Lopez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Wagner pitching for Nationals. Hamels struck out swinging. Rollins singled to center. Victorino singled to right, Rollins to second. Utley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Victorino out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman struck out looking. Johnson doubled to deep right center. Kearns walked. Vidro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kearns out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Wagner pitching for Nationals. Howard grounded out to second. Burrell doubled to deep right. Rowand grounded out to shortstop, Burrell to third. Coste walked. Nunez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Escobar homered to center. Schneider flied out to right. Wagner struck out looking. Soriano homered to left. Hughes pitching for Nationals. Jackson at shortstop. Lopez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Hughes pitching for Nationals. Hamels walked. Rollins singled to right, Hamels to second. Victorino doubled to deep right, Hamels scored, Rollins to third. Utley hit sacrifice fly to right, Rollins scored, Victorino scored on throwing error by right fielder Kearns. Howard singled to right. Burrell walked, Howard to second. Rowand grounded into fielder's choice to third, Howard out at third, Burrell to second. Coste singled to left, Burrell to third, Rowand to second. Nunez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 6th. Anderson hit for Johnson. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman flied out to right. Anderson struck out swinging. Anderson at first base. Sandoval hit for Hamels. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Hughes pitching for Nationals. Sandoval flied out to center. Rollins flied out to left. Geary pitching for Phillies. Sandoval at shortstop. Victorino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Vidro doubled to left. Escobar grounded out to first, Vidro to third. Schneider grounded out to pitcher. Jackson hit by pitch. Castro at second base. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Soriano struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Utley struck out swinging. Howard flied out to center. Roberson in left field. Burrell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Castro reached on infield single to third. Zimmerman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castro out at second. Anderson singled to left. Kearns hit by pitch, Anderson to second. Schroder fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Rowand struck out swinging. Coste struck out swinging. Castro pitching for Phillies. Nunez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Castro pitching for Phillies. Escobar flied out to center. Schneider grounded out to pitcher. Jackson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 2 - Phillies 11.	Howard's NL-leading 43rd HR sparks Phillies past Nats