Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Armas pitching for Nationals. Drew struck out swinging. Hudson popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Soriano singled to left center. Soriano stole second. Lopez grounded out to shortstop, Soriano to third. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Johnson walked. Kearns singled to right, Soriano scored, Johnson to second. Vidro grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Byrnes popped out to second. Estrada grounded out to second. Jackson walked. Tracy singled to right, Jackson to third. Quentin fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Schneider struck out swinging. Logan grounded out to shortstop. Armas Jr grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Webb grounded out to shortstop. Drew flied out to center. Hudson walked. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Soriano struck out swinging. Lopez flied out to center. Zimmerman reached on infield single to third, Zimmerman to second on throwing error by third baseman Tracy. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Byrnes flied out to right. Estrada flied out to right. Jackson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. Vidro grounded out to first. Schneider grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Tracy homered to right. Quentin reached on infield single to second. Webb sacrificed to pitcher, Quentin to second. Drew grounded out to second, Quentin to third. Hudson flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Logan flied out to right. Armas Jr struck out swinging. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez walked. Byrnes struck out looking. Estrada singled to right, Gonzalez to third. Jackson hit sacrifice fly to right, Gonzalez scored. Tracy grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez flied out to left. Zimmerman struck out looking. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Quentin walked. Wagner pitching for Nationals. Webb sacrificed to pitcher, Quentin to second. Drew lined out to shortstop. Hudson singled to right, Quentin scored, Hudson to second advancing on throw. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. Vidro grounded out to first. Schneider grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Wagner pitching for Nationals. Estrada flied out to right. Jackson struck out looking. Tracy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Church hit for Wagner. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Logan reached on bunt single to pitcher. Church walked, Logan to second. Soriano struck out swinging. Mateo ran for Church. Lopez singled to left center, Logan scored, Church to second. Zimmerman singled to left, Mateo scored, Lopez to second, Lopez to third, Zimmerman to second on throwing error by left fielder Gonzalez. Johnson intentionally walked. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Kearns doubled to deep right center, Lopez and Zimmerman scored, Johnson to third. Vidro grounded out to second. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Schneider struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Counsell hit for Lyon. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Quentin grounded out to shortstop. Counsell fouled out to third. Drew grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Nationals 5.	Kearns helps pesky Nats come back again for win