Nationals - Top 1st. Kim pitching for Rockies. Soriano doubled to deep left. Lopez struck out swinging. Zimmerman struck out swinging, Soriano stole third. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Armas pitching for Nationals. Carroll flied out to left. Helton grounded out to third. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Kearns struck out swinging. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. Schneider singled to center. Logan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Holliday walked. Hawpe grounded into fielder's choice to second, Holliday out at second. Tulowitzki singled to right, Hawpe to second. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hawpe to third, Tulowitzki to second. Salazar grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hawpe scored, Iannetta out at second, Tulowitzki to third. Kim lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Armas Jr struck out swinging. Soriano flied out to center. Dorta at shortstop. Lopez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Carroll flied out to right. Helton doubled to deep right. Atkins walked. Holliday walked, Helton to third, Atkins to second. Hawpe doubled to deep left center, Helton and Atkins scored, Holliday to third. Tulowitzki intentionally walked. Iannetta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Tulowitzki out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Zimmerman singled to center. Zimmerman stole second. Johnson struck out swinging. Kearns flied out to center. Vidro doubled to deep right, Zimmerman scored. Schneider hit by pitch. Logan flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Salazar safe at first on error by center fielder Logan. Kim sacrificed to pitcher, Salazar to second. Carroll lined out to first. Helton intentionally walked. Atkins singled to center, Salazar scored, Helton to second. Holliday flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Armas Jr grounded out to second. Soriano struck out swinging. Dorta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Hawpe singled to left. Tulowitzki sacrificed to pitcher, Hawpe to second. Iannetta flied out to center, Hawpe to third. Salazar intentionally walked. Kim grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Zimmerman walked. Johnson homered to center, Zimmerman scored. Kearns singled to right. Kearns to second on wild pitch by Kim. Vidro singled to deep right, Kearns scored. Schneider grounded into double play, second to first, Vidro out at second. Logan struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Carroll walked. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Helton lined into double play, second to first, Carroll doubled off first. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Lombard hit for Schroder. Atkins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Lombard homered to right. Soriano struck out swinging. Dorta grounded out to catcher. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Zimmerman flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Holliday safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Dorta. Hawpe doubled to deep right, Holliday to third. Tulowitzki flied out to right. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to, Hawpe to third, Holliday and Hawpe scored, Iannetta to second on throwing error by pitcher Rivera.C Iannetta to third on throwing error by third. Baker hit for Ramirez. Salazar singled to right, Iannetta scored. Baker grounded out to second, Salazar to second. King pitching for Rockies. Carroll reached on infield single to shortstop, Salazar tagged out at home. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 3 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Johnson walked. Kearns struck out swinging. Vidro grounded out to first, Johnson to second. Church hit for Logan. Schneider safe at first on error by pitcher Mesa, Johnson to third. Martin pitching for Rockies. Mateo hit for Rivera. Church doubled to deep left, Johnson and Schneider scored. Mateo safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Martin, Church scored. Field pitching for Rockies. Church in center field. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Soriano struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Helton walked. Atkins flied out to left. Matsui ran for Helton. Holliday singled to left center, Matsui to third. Hawpe hit sacrifice fly to left, Matsui scored, Holliday to second. Tulowitzki intentionally walked. Iannetta singled to right, Holliday scored, Tulowitzki to third. Castilla hit for Field. Salazar singled to center, Tulowitzki scored, Iannetta to second. Perez pitching for Nationals. Castilla safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman, Iannetta scored, Salazar to third. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Castilla at first base. Carroll lined out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Dorta grounded out to third. Zimmerman grounded out to second. Johnson singled to left center. Kearns doubled to deep left, Johnson to third. Vidro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 8 - Rockies 11.	Iannetta breaks out to lead Rockies over Nats