Nationals - Top 1st. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Soriano lined out to left. Lopez walked. Lopez stole second. Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop. Johnson doubled to deep right, Lopez scored, Zimmerman to third. Kearns struck out looking. Vidro grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Carroll singled to left. Helton grounded out to second, Carroll to second. Atkins singled to center, Carroll scored. Holliday homered to right center, Atkins scored. Hawpe flied out to center. Tulowitzki safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman. Tulowitzki to second on passed ball by Fick. Closser grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 2nd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Fick doubled to deep right. Logan grounded out to second, Fick to third. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop, Fick scored. Soriano doubled to left. Lopez lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Sullivan struck out swinging. Fogg grounded out to third. Carroll walked. Helton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Zimmerman flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to third. Kearns singled to left. Vidro doubled to center, Kearns to third. Fick intentionally walked. Logan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Atkins flied out to center. Holliday flied out to center. Hawpe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. Soriano homered to left. Lopez grounded out to second. Zimmerman lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Tulowitzki grounded out to second. Closser grounded out to second. Sullivan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Johnson doubled to deep center. Kearns fouled out to first. Vidro grounded out to shortstop, Johnson to third. Fick fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Fogg grounded out to shortstop. Carroll safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lopez. Helton grounded out to second, Carroll to second. Atkins homered to center, Carroll scored. Holliday singled to left. Holliday to second on wild pitch by Ortiz. Hawpe grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 6th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Logan reached on bunt single to first. Ortiz sacrificed to pitcher, Logan to second. Field pitching for Rockies. Soriano walked. Lopez doubled to deep right, Logan scored, Soriano to third. Zimmerman grounded out to second, Soriano scored, Lopez to third. Johnson intentionally walked. Kearns grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Tulowitzki walked. Closser grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tulowitzki out at second. Sullivan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Venafro pitching for Rockies. Vidro grounded out to first. Fick flied out to center. Matsui hit for Venafro. Logan flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Matsui singled to center. Carroll sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, Matsui to second. Helton grounded out to first, Matsui to third, Carroll to second. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Atkins intentionally walked. Holliday singled to center, Matsui and Carroll scored, Atkins to second. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Lombard hit for Schroder. Hawpe grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Holliday out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Lombard struck out swinging. Soriano struck out swinging. Campbell pitching for Nationals. Lopez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Campbell pitching for Nationals. Tulowitzki lined out to center. Closser walked. Castilla hit for Corpas. Sullivan singled to right, Closser to third. Castilla struck out swinging. Sullivan stole second. Carroll tripled to deep center, Closser and Sullivan scored. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Helton flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Zimmerman walked. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Zimmerman out at second. Kearns struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 5 - Rockies 9.	Holliday overshadows Soriano as Rockies beat Nats