Nationals - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Soriano flied out to left. Lopez grounded out to second. Zimmerman singled to center. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Astacio pitching for Nationals. Matsui lined out to second. Helton flied out to right. Atkins walked. Holliday homered to left, Atkins scored. Baker struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. Harper singled to left center. Castro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Astacio pitching for Nationals. Salazar flied out to right. Barmes hit by pitch. Iannetta singled to right, Barmes to second. Francis sacrificed to pitcher, Barmes to third, Iannetta to second. Matsui doubled to right, Barmes and Iannetta scored. Helton flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Logan homered to left. Astacio singled to right center. Soriano singled to left, Astacio to second. Lopez singled to right, Astacio to third, Soriano to second. Zimmerman singled to left, Astacio scored, Soriano to third, Lopez to second. Johnson lined out to first. Kearns struck out swinging. Harper grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Astacio pitching for Nationals. Atkins hit ground rule double to deep center. Holliday doubled to deep left, Atkins scored. Baker lined out to center, Holliday to third. Perez pitching for Nationals. Salazar doubled to deep right, Holliday scored. Barmes flied out to center, Salazar to third. Iannetta intentionally walked. Francis walked, Iannetta to second. Matsui singled to right, Salazar scored, Iannetta to third, Francis to second, Matsui out stretching at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Lombard hit for Perez. Logan grounded out to third. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Lombard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Helton flied out to left. Atkins lined out to left. Holliday lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Soriano singled to left. Soriano stole second. Lopez singled to left, Soriano scored. Lopez stole second. Zimmerman doubled to left, Lopez scored. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Johnson hit by pitch. Schneider hit for Harper. Kearns walked, Zimmerman to third, Johnson to second. Schneider walked, Zimmerman scored, Johnson to third, Kearns to second. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson scored, Schneider out at second, Kearns to third. Vidro hit for Rodriguez. Logan hit sacrifice fly to left, Kearns scored. Schneider catching. Wagner pitching for Nationals. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Wagner pitching for Nationals. Baker struck out looking. Salazar walked. Salazar to second on wild pitch by Wagner. Barmes singled to left center, Salazar to third. Hawpe hit for Ramirez. Iannetta singled to center, Salazar scored, Barmes to second. Hawpe flied out to center. Hampson pitching for Rockies. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Hampson pitching for Rockies. Soriano popped out to second. Lopez doubled to center. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Helton walked. Atkins lined out to center. Holliday struck out looking. Baker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Hampson pitching for Rockies. Kearns struck out swinging. Schneider singled to right center. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schneider out at second. Castro stole second. Mateo hit for Rauch. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Spilborghs in right field. Logan tripled to deep left, Castro scored. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Mateo grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Salazar struck out swinging. Barmes walked. Iannetta hit by pitch, Barmes to second. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Matsui walked, Barmes to third, Iannetta to second. Helton homered to right, Barmes, Iannetta and Matsui scored. Atkins homered to left. Freeman hit for Mesa. Booker pitching for Nationals. Holliday singled to center. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Freeman struck out looking. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Soriano singled to right. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Soriano out at second. Zimmerman singled to center, Lopez to second. Johnson grounded out to pitcher, Lopez to third, Zimmerman to second. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Fick in right field. Kearns struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Salazar walked. Barmes flied out to right. Iannetta struck out looking. King pitching for Rockies. Spilborghs lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. King pitching for Rockies. Schneider struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to second. Logan walked. Fick singled to right center, Logan to second. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Soriano singled to left, Logan scored, Fick to third. Soriano to second on fielder's indifference. Lopez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 9 - Rockies 13.	Helton, Holliday help Rockies sweep Nationals