Giants - Top 1st . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Hernández doubled to left . Tomlinson singled to shallow right , Hernández scored . Belt grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Tomlinson safe at second on error by first baseman Alonso . Posey singled to right , Tomlinson scored , Belt to third . Pence flied out to center . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Belt scored , Posey out at second . Hundley homered to center ( 399 feet ) , Crawford scored . Hwang walked . Panik singled to right , Hwang to third . Hernández flied out to right . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Joyce doubled to deep right . Joyce out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Semien singled to center . Lowrie flied out to center . Davis walked , Semien to second . Alonso singled to center , Semien scored , Davis to second . Healy grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Tomlinson grounded out to third . Belt doubled to center . Posey doubled to left , Belt scored . Pence lined out to center . Crawford struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Maxwell struck out swinging . Chapman walked . Brugman grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Chapman safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Samardzija . Joyce hit sacrifice fly to left , Chapman scored . Semien struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 3rd . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Hundley grounded out to third . Hwang fouled out to right . Panik singled to center . Hernández singled to left , Panik to second . Tomlinson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernández out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Lowrie lined out to right . Davis flied out to center . Alonso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Brady pitching for Athletics . Belt homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Posey singled to center . Pence struck out swinging . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Posey out at second . Hundley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crawford out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Healy grounded out to shortstop . Maxwell struck out looking . Chapman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Brady pitching for Athletics . Hwang grounded out to third . Panik grounded out to third . Hernández flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Brugman singled to right . Joyce homered to right ( 410 feet ) , Brugman scored . Semien struck out swinging . Lowrie grounded out to first . Davis grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Brady pitching for Athletics . Tomlinson tripled to right . Belt struck out swinging . Posey intentionally walked . Pence homered to right ( 390 feet ) , Tomlinson and Posey scored . Crawford grounded out to second . Hundley struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Alonso grounded out to shortstop . Healy fouled out to first . Maxwell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Brady pitching for Athletics . Hwang walked . Panik flied out to right . Hernández grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hwang out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Chapman reached on infield single to shortstop . Brugman flied out to center . Joyce grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Chapman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Brady pitching for Athletics . Tomlinson walked . Belt flied out to left , Tomlinson to second . Posey grounded out to shortstop , Tomlinson to third . Pence flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Semien grounded out to first . Lowrie grounded out to first . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Brady pitching for Athletics . Crawford grounded out to first . Hundley doubled to left . Hundley to third on wild pitch by Brady . Hwang struck out looking . Panik grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Osich pitching for Giants . Pinder hit for Alonso . Pinder grounded out to third . Healy lined out to second . Lavarnway hit for Maxwell . Lavarnway singled to center . Lavarnway to second on wild pitch by Osich . Chapman walked . Brugman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 10 - Athletics 4 .	Samardzija shuts down A 's as Giants snap 4 - game skid , 10 - 4