Athletics - Top 1st . Scribner pitching for Angels . Joyce struck out swinging . Semien flied out to right . Lowrie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Cotton pitching for Athletics . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Trout reached on infield single to shortstop . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Trout out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Scribner pitching for Angels . Davis fouled out to first . Alonso walked . Healy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Alonso safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Escobar . Maxwell struck out swinging . Chapman homered to left center ( 415 feet ) , Alonso and Healy scored . Brugman struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Cotton pitching for Athletics . Calhoun singled to left . Simmons singled to center , Calhoun to second , Calhoun to third on error by center fielder Brugman . Revere hit sacrifice fly to center , Calhoun scored . Cron singled to center , Simmons to third . Cron to second on wild pitch by Cotton . Maldonado hit by pitch . Pennington struck out swinging . Escobar safe at first on error by third baseman Chapman , Simmons scored , Cron to third , Maldonado to second . Trout flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Scribner pitching for Angels . Joyce flied out to left . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Lowrie fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Cotton pitching for Athletics . Pujols lined out to left . Calhoun doubled to left . Simmons grounded out to third . Revere grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Scribner pitching for Angels . Davis doubled to deep center . Alonso flied out to left . Healy flied out to left . Maxwell walked . Chapman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Cotton pitching for Athletics . Cron lined out to center . Maldonado flied out to left . Pennington struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Scribner pitching for Angels . Brugman walked . Joyce walked , Brugman to second . Middleton pitching for Angels . Semien struck out swinging . Lowrie singled to left center , Brugman to third , Joyce to second . Davis doubled to deep right , Brugman and Joyce scored , Lowrie to third . Alonso intentionally walked . Healy popped out to second . Maxwell flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Cotton pitching for Athletics . Escobar flied out to right . Trout doubled to right . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Calhoun flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Chavez pitching for Angels . Chapman doubled to right . Brugman struck out looking . Chapman to third on wild pitch by Chavez . Joyce doubled to deep right , Chapman scored . Semien grounded out to third . Lowrie lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Cotton pitching for Athletics . Simmons walked . Revere singled to right , Simmons to second . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Cron grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Revere out at second , Simmons to third . Cron stole second . Maldonado popped out to shortstop . Pennington singled to center , Simmons and Cron scored . Escobar singled to center , Pennington to second . Dull pitching for Athletics . Trout walked , Pennington to third , Escobar to second . Pujols fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Chavez pitching for Angels . Davis grounded out to third . Alonso grounded out to second . Healy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Coulombe pitching for Athletics . Calhoun walked . Simmons walked , Calhoun to second . Revere walked , Calhoun to third , Simmons to second . Treinen pitching for Athletics . Cron struck out swinging . Valbuena hit for Maldonado . Valbuena singled to shallow left center , Calhoun and Simmons scored , Revere to second . Pennington grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Valbuena out at second , Revere to third . Escobar reached on infield single to third , Revere scored , Pennington to second . Trout singled to right , Pennington scored , Escobar to third . Pujols grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Graterol catching . Parker pitching for Angels . Maxwell struck out swinging . Chapman grounded out to third . Brugman walked . Joyce grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Castro pitching for Athletics . Calhoun struck out looking . Simmons flied out to right . Revere doubled to deep right center . Cron struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Norris pitching for Angels . Semien struck out swinging . Lowrie lined out to first . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Angels 8 .	Angels rally with 4 runs in seventh to stun A 's , 8 - 6