Athletics - Top 1st . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Semien singled to center . Joyce flied out to left . Lowrie doubled to center , Semien scored . Davis singled to left , Lowrie to third . Olson struck out swinging . Davis to second on wild pitch by Farmer . Healy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Alcantara pitching for Athletics . Kinsler struck out looking . Candelario struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Pinder fouled out to right . Chapman grounded out to third . Maxwell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Alcantara pitching for Athletics . Castellanos grounded out to third . Navarro singled to right . McCann lined out to right . Mahtook lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Semien hit by pitch . Joyce singled to right , Semien to third . Lowrie hit sacrifice fly to center , Semien scored . Davis struck out swinging . Olson homered to right ( 385 feet ) , Joyce scored . Healy safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Candelario . Pinder doubled to deep right center , Healy scored . Lewicki pitching for Tigers . Chapman lined out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Alcantara pitching for Athletics . Jones flied out to center . Iglesias grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Lewicki pitching for Tigers . Maxwell singled to shallow left . Semien singled to left center , Maxwell to second . Joyce singled to right center , Maxwell to third , Semien to second . Lowrie walked , Maxwell scored , Semien to third , Joyce to second . Davis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Semien scored , Lowrie out at second , Joyce to third . Olson walked . Healy flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Alcantara pitching for Athletics . Candelario lined out to right . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Castellanos doubled to center . Navarro walked . Castro pitching for Athletics . McCann flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Lewicki pitching for Tigers . Pinder grounded out to second . Chapman walked . Maxwell flied out to left . Semien struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Castro pitching for Athletics . Mahtook reached on infield single to third . Jones doubled to left , Mahtook scored . Jones stole third . Iglesias lined out to third . Kinsler doubled to deep left center , Jones scored . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Candelario grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kinsler out at third , Candelario to second . Cabrera grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Alcántara pitching for Tigers . Joyce singled to right center . Joyce to second on wild pitch by Alcántara . Lowrie walked . Davis reached on infield single to first , Joyce to third , Lowrie to second . Olson grounded into double play , first to catcher to second , Joyce out at home , Lowrie to third , Davis to second . Healy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Castellanos singled to left center . Castellanos stole second . Navarro flied out to left . McCann struck out swinging . Mahtook reached on infield single to shortstop , Castellanos to third . Mahtook stole second . Jones flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Alcantara pitching for Tigers . Pinder hit by pitch . Chapman popped out to second . Maxwell singled to center , Pinder to third . Semien struck out swinging . Joyce grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Iglesias struck out swinging . Kinsler homered to left ( 371 feet ) . Candelario grounded out to first . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Ferrell pitching for Tigers . Lowrie grounded out to second . Davis flied out to right . Olson walked . Healy reached on infield single to first , Olson to second . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Pinder hit ground rule double to deep left center , Olson scored , Healy to third . Chapman flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Hatcher pitching for Athletics . Castellanos singled to center . Navarro lined out to left . McCann flied out to right . Mahtook walked , Castellanos to second . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Labourt pitching for Tigers . Maxwell walked . Semien popped out to first . Maxwell to second on wild pitch by Labourt . Joyce grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Maxwell out at second . Lowrie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Joyce in left field . Smolinski in center field . Pinder in right field . Treinen pitching for Athletics . Iglesias grounded out to third . Kinsler walked . Candelario walked , Kinsler to second . Cabrera lined into double play , second to shortstop , Kinsler doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 8 - Tigers 3 .	Olson , Lowrie lead Oakland to 8 - 3 win in Detroit