Mariners - Top 1st . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Figgins struck out looking . Ackley singled to center . Suzuki struck out looking . Smoak grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Weeks singled to center . Crisp grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Weeks out at second . Reddick singled to shallow left . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Montero grounded out to shortstop . Seager singled to left center . Olivo struck out swinging . Saunders grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Cespedes flied out to right . Suzuki fouled out to first . Donaldson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Ryan doubled to deep center . Figgins sacrificed to third , Ryan to third , Figgins safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Donaldson . Ryan scored on throwing error by third baseman Donaldson . Ackley singled to right , Figgins to third . Ackley to second on passed ball by Suzuki . Suzuki walked . Smoak flied out to center . Montero hit sacrifice fly to right , Figgins scored , Ackley to third . Suzuki stole second . Seager singled to center , Ackley and Suzuki scored . Olivo popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Ka'aihue grounded out to shortstop . Pennington grounded out to pitcher . Weeks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Saunders doubled to deep center . Ryan flied out to right , Saunders to third . Figgins singled to center , Saunders scored . Ackley popped out to shortstop . Figgins stole second . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Crisp grounded out to third . Reddick flied out to center . Gomes walked . Cespedes homered to center ( 462 feet ) , Gomes scored . Suzuki flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Smoak walked . Montero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Smoak out at second . Seager grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Donaldson grounded out to third . Ka'aihue singled to left . Pennington struck out swinging . Weeks grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ka'aihue out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Norberto pitching for Athletics . Olivo flied out to center . Saunders reached on infield single to first . Ryan singled to left , Saunders to third . Figgins reached on bunt single to first , Saunders scored , Ryan to second . Ackley singled to left , Ryan to third , Figgins to second . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to center , Ryan scored . Smoak popped out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Crisp singled to right . Reddick grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Crisp safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Vargas . Gomes fouled out to first . Delabar pitching for Mariners . Cespedes struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reddick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . Carignan pitching for Athletics . Montero struck out swinging . Seager walked . Olivo struck out swinging . Saunders popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Delabar pitching for Mariners . Donaldson struck out swinging . Ka'aihue grounded out to second . Pennington flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Carignan pitching for Athletics . Ryan walked . Figgins singled to left , Ryan to second . Ackley lined out to right . Suzuki grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Figgins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Weeks singled to right center . Crisp singled to left center , Weeks to second . Reddick flied out to center , Weeks to third , Crisp to second . Smith hit for Gomes . Smith singled to right , Weeks scored , Crisp to third . Cespedes struck out looking . Smith to second on passed ball by Olivo . Suzuki struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . De Los Santos pitching for Athletics . Smoak struck out swinging . Montero singled to center . Seager flied out to left . Olivo lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . League pitching for Mariners . Donaldson flied out to center . Ka'aihue singled to right . Pennington flied out to left . Weeks grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 7 - Athletics 3 .	Figgins , Seager deliver for M 's in Oakland