Mariners - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to second . Ackley grounded out to second . Seager struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Noesi pitching for Mariners . Trout singled to right . Izturis popped into double play , second to first , Trout doubled off first . Pujols flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Angels . Montero singled to right . Smoak flied out to center . Saunders singled to center , Montero to second . Olivo struck out swinging . Carp doubled to left , Montero and Saunders scored . Ryan popped out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Noesi pitching for Mariners . Morales walked . Trumbo singled to right , Morales to second . Kendrick sacrificed to pitcher , Morales to third , Trumbo to second . Aybar doubled to deep center , Morales scored , Trumbo to third . Conger hit sacrifice fly to left , Trumbo scored , Aybar to third on throwing error by left fielder Carp . Bourjos struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to second . Ackley struck out swinging . Seager struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Noesi pitching for Mariners . Trout grounded out to third . Izturis walked . Pujols popped out to second . Morales homered to right ( 441 feet ) , Izturis scored . Trumbo grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Williams pitching for Angels . Montero popped out to second . Smoak struck out swinging . Saunders singled to right . Saunders stole second . Olivo popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Noesi pitching for Mariners . Kendrick walked . Aybar grounded out to first , Kendrick to second . Conger flied out to center . Bourjos grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Angels . Carp grounded out to second . Ryan grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar . Ackley hit ground rule double to left , Suzuki to third . Seager doubled to deep right , Suzuki and Ackley scored . Montero reached on infield single to second , Seager to third . Smoak struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 5th . Noesi pitching for Mariners . Trout walked . Izturis walked . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Pujols popped out to second . Morales singled to left , Trout scored , Izturis to second . Trumbo struck out swinging . Kendrick singled to right , Izturis scored , Morales to second . Aybar grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Williams pitching for Angels . Saunders singled to center . Olivo lined out to third . Carp hit by pitch , Saunders to second . Ryan flied out to center , Saunders to third . Suzuki singled to left , Saunders scored , Carp to third . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Ackley walked , Suzuki to second . Seager singled to center , Carp and Suzuki scored , Ackley to second . Carpenter pitching for Angels . Ackley to third , Seager to second on wild pitch by Carpenter . Montero grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Conger reached on infield single to shortstop . Bourjos reached on bunt single to catcher , Conger to second . Trout struck out swinging . Pryor pitching for Mariners . Izturis grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Bourjos out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Angels . Smoak grounded out to second . Saunders grounded out to second . Olivo popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Pryor pitching for Mariners . Pujols doubled to deep left center . Morales flied out to left , Pujols to third . Trumbo intentionally walked . Kendrick grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Trumbo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Carpenter pitching for Angels . Carp struck out swinging . Ryan grounded out to third . Suzuki homered to right ( 397 feet ) . Ackley reached on infield single to shortstop . Seager walked , Ackley to second . Montero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Seager out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Figgins in left field . League pitching for Mariners . Aybar grounded out to second . Conger grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo hit for Bourjos . Callaspo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Trout in center field . Calhoun in left field . Downs pitching for Angels . Smoak grounded out to second . Saunders grounded out to first . Olivo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Trout flied out to left . Izturis grounded out to second . Pujols doubled to left center . Pujols to third on wild pitch by Wilhelmsen . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Angels 6 .	M 's close trip with win in Anaheim