Indians - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Kipnis singled to right . Cabrera fouled out to third . Choo singled to left , Kipnis to second . Santana grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Ackley grounded out to second . Saunders grounded out to third . Seager grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Brantley flied out to center . Kotchman singled to right center . Lillibridge flied out to left . Hannahan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Jaso walked . Montero grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jaso out at second . Thames lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Carrera struck out swinging . Kipnis singled to left . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kipnis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Smoak grounded out to second . Robinson struck out swinging . Ryan flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Choo flied out to left . Santana flied out to left . Brantley popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Ackley flied out to center . Saunders grounded out to first . Seager popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Kotchman lined out to left . Lillibridge grounded out to shortstop . Hannahan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Jaso grounded out to shortstop . Montero flied out to right . Thames homered to right ( 366 feet ) . Smoak grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Carrera grounded out to first . Kipnis flied out to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Robinson grounded out to first . Ryan struck out looking . Ackley grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Choo grounded out to third . Santana singled to center . Brantley singled to right , Santana to third . Kotchman singled to shallow left center , Santana scored , Brantley to second . Brantley caught stealing home , catcher to third to first , Kotchman to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Lillibridge struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Saunders walked . Seager singled to right , Saunders to third . Jaso hit ground rule double to deep left center , Saunders scored , Seager to third . Rogers pitching for Indians . Montero homered to left center ( 437 feet ) , Seager and Jaso scored . Thames struck out looking . Smoak grounded out to shortstop . Robinson singled to shallow right . Ryan struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hannahan safe at first on error by shortstop Ryan . Carrera walked , Hannahan to second . Kipnis flied out to center . Cabrera flied out to right , Hannahan to third . Luetge pitching for Mariners . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Carrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Seddon pitching for Indians . Ackley grounded out to shortstop . Saunders flied out to left . Seager lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Luetge pitching for Mariners . Santana singled to center . Brantley struck out looking . Kotchman struck out swinging . Santana to second on fielder 's indifference . Lillibridge grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 1 - Mariners 5 .	King Felix follows perfection with solid win