Mariners - Top 1st . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Ackley grounded out to second . Saunders flied out to right . Seager flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Kinsler homered to left center ( 405 feet ) . Andrus struck out swinging . Hamilton grounded out to second . Beltre flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Jaso struck out swinging . Montero grounded out to shortstop . Carp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Cruz lined out to left . Young singled to left center . Murphy singled to left , Young to second . Soto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at third , Murphy to second , Murphy to third on throwing error by third baseman Seager . Moreland flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Peguero reached on infield single to third . Robinson grounded out to first , Peguero to second . Kawasaki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Peguero out at third . Ackley popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Kinsler struck out swinging . Andrus struck out looking . Hamilton homered to right ( 424 feet ) . Beltre flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Saunders walked . Seager doubled to deep center , Saunders to third . Jaso struck out swinging . Montero hit sacrifice fly to center , Saunders scored , Seager to third . Carp grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Cruz fouled out to first . Young flied out to center . Murphy doubled to right center . Soto flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Peguero struck out swinging . Robinson struck out looking . Kawasaki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Moreland flied out to left . Kinsler singled to left . Andrus grounded out to third , Kinsler to second . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Ackley walked . Saunders flied out to center . Seager struck out swinging . Jaso grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Beltre grounded out to third . Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop . Young walked , Cruz to second . Perez pitching for Mariners . Murphy lined into double play , shortstop to second , Cruz doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Montero grounded out to third . Carp struck out swinging . Peguero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Perez pitching for Mariners . Soto walked . Moreland sacrificed to pitcher , Soto to second . Kinney pitching for Mariners . Kinsler bunt popped into double play , pitcher to second , Soto out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Uehara pitching for Rangers . Robinson grounded out to second . Jimenez hit for Kawasaki . Jimenez struck out swinging . Ackley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Ryan at shortstop . Kinney pitching for Mariners . Andrus doubled to deep center . Luetge pitching for Mariners . Hamilton doubled to right , Andrus scored . Beltre intentionally walked . Pryor pitching for Mariners . Cruz struck out looking . Young walked , Hamilton to third , Beltre to second . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hamilton scored on throwing error by second baseman Ackley , Beltre to third , Young to second . Soto doubled to deep left , Beltre and Young scored , Murphy to third . Moreland walked . Kinsler struck out swinging . Andrus tripled to deep right , Murphy , Soto and Moreland scored . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Hamilton flied out to left . 7 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 9th . Profar at shortstop . Gentry in center field . Snyder at first base . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Saunders homered to right ( 396 feet ) . Seager doubled to center . Jaso grounded out to second , Seager to third . Montero singled to left , Seager scored . Montero to second on wild pitch by Kirkman . Carp singled to left , Montero to third . Carp to second on fielder 's indifference . Peguero struck out swinging . Robinson grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Rangers 9 .	Rangers ' Darvish reaches 200 Ks in win