Dodgers - Top 1st . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Choi struck out swinging . Drew singled to left . Kent flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Miles safe at first on error by first baseman Choi . Barmes reached on bunt single to first , Miles to second . Helton singled to center , Miles scored , Barmes to third . Wilson doubled to deep center , Barmes and Helton scored . Holliday flied out to center , Wilson to third . Greene singled to left center , Wilson scored . Restovich flied out to right . Baker flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Bradley flied out to center . Valentin flied out to right . Ledee walked . Phillips grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Chacon flied out to right . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Barmes doubled to deep right . Helton singled to left , Barmes scored . Wilson homered to left , Helton scored . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Perez singled to center . Izturis lined out to right . Choi singled to right , Perez to second . Drew flied out to right . Kent doubled to deep left , Perez scored , Choi to third . Bradley singled to right , Choi scored , Kent to third , Bradley to second advancing on throw . Valentin grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Greene walked . Restovich singled to center , Greene to second . Baker grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Greene out at third , Restovich to second . Chacon sacrificed to pitcher , Restovich to third , Baker to second . Miles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Ledee flied out to right . Phillips singled to right . Perez sacrificed to pitcher , Phillips to second . Izturis lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Barmes singled to center . Helton grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Barmes out at second . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Choi walked . Drew struck out swinging . Kent hit by pitch , Choi to second . Bradley flied out to center . Valentin walked , Choi to third , Kent to second . Ledee singled to center , Choi and Kent scored , Valentin to second . Phillips walked , Valentin to third , Ledee to second . Perez lined out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Holliday struck out swinging . Greene grounded out to third . Restovich walked . Gonzalez hit for Chacon . Baker doubled to deep right center , Restovich scored . Acevedo pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez lined out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Acevedo pitching for Rockies . Izturis walked . Choi safe at first on error by shortstop Barmes , Izturis advanced to second on play , Izturis to third on throwing error by shortstop Barmes . Drew hit sacrifice fly to left , Izturis scored . Kent fouled out to right . Bradley singled to right , Choi to third . Schmoll pitching for Dodgers . Valentin lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Schmoll pitching for Dodgers . Miles lined out to center . Barmes flied out to right . Helton walked . Wilson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Acevedo pitching for Rockies . Ledee singled to center . Grabowski hit for Schmoll . Phillips flied out to center . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Grabowski grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ledee out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Holliday grounded out to pitcher . Greene flied out to left . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Sullivan in right field . Restovich grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Nakamura hit for Choi . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Izturis singled to center . Nakamura struck out swinging . Drew walked , Izturis to second . Kent singled to left , Izturis scored , Drew to second , Drew to third , Kent to second on error by left fielder Holliday . Bradley popped out to first . Weaver ran for Valentin . Saenz hit for Ledee . Valentin hit by pitch . Speier pitching for Rockies . Nakamura at third base . Wunsch pitching for Dodgers . Saenz at first base . Repko in left field . Saenz flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Wunsch pitching for Dodgers . Baker struck out looking . Sullivan singled to left center . Miles flied out to left . Carrara pitching for Dodgers . Tsao pitching for Rockies . Barmes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Tsao pitching for Rockies . Phillips walked . Repko struck out looking . Izturis singled to left , Phillips to second . Nakamura flied out to center . Drew hit by pitch , Phillips to third , Izturis to second . Kent grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 6 - Rockies 8 .	Suddenly hot Rockies hand Dodgers 3rd straight loss