Rockies - Top 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Barmes singled to right . Atkins grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Barmes out at second . Helton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Pierre grounded out to third . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Delgado flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Wilson struck out swinging . Greene struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Cabrera walked . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop , Cabrera to second . Lo Duca reached on infield single to second , Cabrera to third . Lowell hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored , Lo Duca to second . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Mohr grounded out to third . Gonzalez doubled to deep right . Kennedy struck out swinging . Barmes safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lowell , Gonzalez to third . Atkins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Willis struck out swinging . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Castillo singled to left . Delgado popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Helton struck out looking . Wilson singled to left . Greene singled to left center , Wilson to third . Holliday walked , Greene to second . Mohr struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Cabrera struck out swinging . Encarnacion reached on infield single to third . Lo Duca flied out to left . Lowell singled to shallow right , Encarnacion to third . Lowell to second on wild pitch by Kennedy . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Kennedy struck out looking . Barmes lined out to second . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Willis grounded out to second . Pierre singled to center . Castillo walked , Pierre to second . Delgado grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Helton struck out swinging . Wilson lined out to third . Greene singled to center . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Greene out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Cabrera singled to center . Witasick pitching for Rockies . Encarnacion reached on infield single to pitcher , Cabrera to second , Cabrera to third , Encarnacion to second on throwing error by pitcher Kennedy . Lo Duca singled to center , Cabrera and Encarnacion scored . Lowell singled to left , Lo Duca to second . Gonzalez sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lo Duca to third , Lowell to second . Willis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lo Duca out at home , Lowell to third , Gonzalez to second . Pierre walked , Lowell scored , Gonzalez to third , Willis to second . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Castillo singled to center , Gonzalez and Willis scored , Pierre to second . Delgado popped out to shortstop . Cabrera fouled out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Mohr struck out swinging . Restovich hit for Fuentes . Gonzalez walked . Restovich grounded out to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Kim pitching for Rockies . Barmes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Encarnacion doubled to deep left center . Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop , Encarnacion to third . Lowell walked . Conine hit for Willis . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Conine walked , Lowell to second . Encarnacion scored , Lowell to third , Conine to second on wild pitch by Kim . Pierre hit by pitch . Bump pitching for Marlins . Castillo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Bump pitching for Marlins . Atkins grounded out to second . Helton grounded out to first . Wilson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Delgado doubled to left . Cabrera lined out to center . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Aguila in left field . Lo Duca flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Greene walked . Holliday popped out to shortstop . Mohr struck out looking . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Greene out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 0 - Marlins 7 .	D - Train rolls over Rockies , remains undefeated