Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Cintron flied out to left . Clayton struck out looking . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes flied out to center . Gonzalez flied out to right . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Glaus hit by pitch . Clark flied out to center . Cruz struck out swinging . Terrero fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Glaus . Mohr popped out to second . Holliday singled to center , Wilson to third , Holliday to second advancing on throw . Atkins walked . Closser popped out to third . Francis walked , Wilson scored , Holliday to third , Atkins to second . Barmes popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Hill struck out looking . Halsey grounded out to third . Cintron singled to center . Clayton bunt popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez safe at first on error by shortstop Clayton . Helton singled to right center , Gonzalez to second . Wilson struck out swinging . Mohr struck out swinging . Holliday doubled to deep right , Gonzalez scored , Helton to third . Atkins safe at first on error by shortstop Clayton , Helton and Holliday scored . Closser struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez flied out to center . Glaus homered to center . Clark grounded out to shortstop . Cruz walked . Terrero lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Francis flied out to left . Barmes homered to left . Gonzalez singled to left . Helton walked , Gonzalez to second . Wilson lined into double play , third to second , Gonzalez doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Hill flied out to left . Halsey walked . Cintron doubled to deep right center , Halsey to third . Clayton singled to center , Halsey scored , Cintron to third . Gonzalez singled to right , Cintron scored , Clayton to second . Glaus walked , Clayton to third , Gonzalez to second . Clark lined out to shortstop . Cruz fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Mohr popped out to third . Holliday singled to left center . Atkins flied out to center . Holliday stole second . Miles hit for Francis . Closser walked . Ligtenberg pitching for Diamondbacks . Green in right field . Miles doubled to right , Holliday scored , Closser to third . Barmes homered to left , Closser and Miles scored . Witasick pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Witasick pitching for Rockies . Terrero reached on bunt single to first . Hill struck out swinging . Green grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Terrero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Ligtenberg pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton grounded out to second . Wilson grounded out to third . Mohr singled to left . Holliday flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Witasick pitching for Rockies . Cintron flied out to left . Clayton struck out looking . Gonzalez reached on infield single to pitcher . Glaus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Ligtenberg pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins homered to left . Hawpe hit for Witasick . Closser walked . Hawpe struck out swinging . Barmes doubled to deep center , Closser scored . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez doubled to deep center , Barmes scored . Helton flied out to center . Wilson singled to center , Gonzalez scored . Mohr doubled to deep left , Wilson scored . Holliday doubled to deep right , Mohr scored . Atkins hit by pitch . Closser doubled to deep right center , Holliday and Atkins scored . Hawpe singled to right , Closser scored . Gonzalez at first base . Relaford at second base . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Mohr in center field . Hawpe in right field . Barmes grounded out to shortstop . 9 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . McCracken hit for Lopez . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Clark singled to right center . McCracken flied out to left . Terrero flied out to right . Hill singled to left , Clark to second . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken in left field . Green grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to left . Relaford flied out to right . Carvajal struck out swinging . Mohr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Cintron grounded out to second . Clayton grounded out to second . Tracy hit for Valverde . Tracy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Rockies 18 .	Snake - bit : Barmes powers Rockies ' rout of D - backs