Cardinals - Top 1st . Wright pitching for Rockies . Eckstein reached on infield single to second . Cedeno grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Eckstein out at second . Pujols lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Barmes flied out to right . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Helton walked . Wilson walked , Helton to second . Helton to third , Wilson to second on wild pitch by Marquis . Hawpe grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Wright pitching for Rockies . Edmonds walked . Mabry struck out swinging . Sanders flied out to center . Nunez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Holliday lined out to third . Relaford singled to left center . Closser struck out looking . Wright grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Relaford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Wright pitching for Rockies . Molina singled to center . Marquis singled to right , Molina to second . Eckstein struck out swinging . Cedeno flied out to center . Pujols walked , Molina to third , Marquis to second . Edmonds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Barmes grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Helton fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Wright pitching for Rockies . Mabry lined out to first . Sanders grounded out to third . Nunez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Hawpe grounded out to second . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Wright pitching for Rockies . Molina hit by pitch . Marquis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Molina out at second . Eckstein grounded out to first , Marquis to second . Cedeno grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Relaford safe at third on error by right fielder Cedeno . Closser doubled to deep right center . Wright struck out bunting foul . Barmes grounded out to shortstop , Closser to third . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Wright pitching for Rockies . Pujols singled to left . Edmonds walked , Pujols to second . Mabry grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Edmonds out at second , Pujols to third . Sanders safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Relaford , Pujols scored . Nunez flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Helton grounded out to shortstop . Wilson walked . Hawpe singled to center , Wilson to second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hawpe out at second , Wilson to third . Relaford walked , Holliday to second . Wilson scored , Holliday to third , Relaford to second on wild pitch by Marquis . Sullivan hit for Wright . Closser walked . Sullivan reached on infield single to shortstop , Holliday scored , Relaford to third , Closser to second . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Barmes flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Seabol hit for Marquis . Molina grounded out to third . Seabol grounded out to third . Eckstein walked . Cedeno reached on infield single to catcher , Eckstein to second . Witasick pitching for Rockies . Pujols homered to left , Eckstein and Cedeno scored . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi in right field . Edmonds grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Helton flied out to center . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Witasick pitching for Rockies . Mabry grounded out to first . Sanders singled to left . Nunez doubled to deep left , Sanders scored . Molina struck out looking . Taguchi popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Hawpe singled to deep left . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Holliday singled to right , Hawpe to second . Relaford sacrificed to pitcher , Hawpe to third , Holliday to second . Hawpe scored , Holliday to third on wild pitch by Tavarez . Mohr hit for Witasick . Closser struck out swinging . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Mohr lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Grudzielanek hit for Tavarez . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Eckstein walked . Grudzielanek singled to right , Eckstein thrown out at third , Grudzielanek to second advancing on throw . Pujols intentionally walked . Edmonds struck out looking . Grudzielanek at second base . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Nunez at third base . Mabry struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Barmes singled to right . Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher , Barmes to second . Helton intentionally walked . Wilson grounded into double play , third to first , Barmes out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Rockies 4 .	Pujols powers Cardinals past Rockies