Cardinals - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Eckstein safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Relaford . Taguchi grounded out to third , Eckstein to second . Pujols walked . Sanders flied out to right , Eckstein to third . Grudzielanek singled to left , Eckstein scored , Pujols to second . Seabol singled to center , Pujols scored , Grudzielanek to second , Grudzielanek to third on error by center fielder Wilson . Cedeno flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Barmes doubled to shortstop . Relaford doubled to right , Barmes scored . Helton lined out to right . Wilson flied out to center . Hawpe grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Molina singled to center . Morris sacrificed to first , Molina to second . Eckstein flied out to left . Taguchi singled to right , Molina to third . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Holliday walked . Atkins grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Holliday out at second . Closser doubled to right . Kennedy walked . Barmes doubled to right , Closser scored , Kennedy to third . Relaford grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Sanders flied out to left . Grudzielanek doubled to deep right . Seabol doubled to deep left center , Grudzielanek scored . Cedeno singled to center , Seabol scored . Cedeno caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Molina lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Helton grounded out to second . Wilson flied out to left . Hawpe fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Morris grounded out to third . Eckstein grounded out to third . Taguchi singled to left . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Holliday singled to center . Atkins singled to left , Holliday to third . Closser hit sacrifice fly to left , Holliday scored . Kennedy sacrificed to catcher , Atkins to second . Barmes doubled to left , Atkins scored . Relaford singled to right , Barmes scored , Relaford to second on throwing error by right fielder Cedeno . Helton singled to center , Relaford scored . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Helton out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Sanders struck out swinging . Grudzielanek singled to center . Seabol singled to left , Grudzielanek to second . Cedeno struck out looking . Molina walked , Grudzielanek to third , Seabol to second . Morris struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Hawpe struck out swinging . Holliday reached on infield single to third . Atkins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Eckstein singled to right . Neal pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez at third base . Taguchi walked , Eckstein to second . Pujols singled to left center , Eckstein to third , Taguchi to second . Sanders struck out swinging . Edmonds hit for Seabol . Grudzielanek singled to center , Eckstein scored , Taguchi to third , Pujols to second . Nunez hit for Cedeno . Edmonds hit sacrifice fly to left , Taguchi scored . Taguchi in right field . Edmonds in center field . Nunez at third base . Nunez grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Closser flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Barmes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Marquis hit for Morris . Neal pitching for Rockies . Molina walked . Marquis singled to left , Molina to second . Walker hit for Taguchi . Eckstein reached on bunt single to pitcher , Molina to third , Marquis to second . Kim pitching for Rockies . Walker grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Molina scored , Eckstein out at second , Marquis to third . Marquis scored on Kim 's wild pitch . Pujols singled to left . Walker in right field . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Sanders flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Relaford singled to right . Helton grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Relaford out at second . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . Edmonds struck out swinging . Nunez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Mohr hit for Hawpe . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Mohr struck out swinging . Sullivan hit for Kim . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Mohr in right field . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Sullivan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Mabry hit for Tavarez . Diaz ran for Molina . Molina singled to deep right . Mabry struck out swinging . Diaz to second on passed ball by Closser . Eckstein flied out to right . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Diaz catching . Mabry in right field . Walker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Closser popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez reached on infield single to pitcher , Gonzalez to second on throwing error by pitcher Isringhausen . Barmes grounded out to third . Relaford fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Rockies 6 .	Morris struggles through six at Coors , remains unbeaten