White Sox - Top 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Ozuna reached on infield single to shortstop . Ozuna caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Iguchi walked . Rowand doubled to deep right , Iguchi to third . Konerko struck out swinging . Everett singled to center , Iguchi and Rowand scored . Dye doubled to center , Everett scored . Widger grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for White Sox . Sullivan singled to right center . Sullivan stole second , Sullivan safe at third on throwing error by catcher Widger . Relaford struck out swinging . Helton singled to center , Sullivan scored . Holliday struck out swinging . Hawpe lined out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Uribe grounded out to second . Hernandez singled to right . Ozuna singled to left , Hernandez to second . Iguchi flied out to center , Hernandez to third . Ozuna caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rowand batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for White Sox . Atkins singled to left . Garabito reached on infield single to third , Atkins to third , Atkins scored , Garabito to third on throwing error by third baseman Ozuna . Ardoin struck out swinging . Francis struck out swinging . Sullivan reached on infield single to third , Garabito scored . Relaford doubled to deep right center , Sullivan scored . Helton intentionally walked . Holliday flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Rowand singled to right . Konerko grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rowand out at second . Everett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for White Sox . Hawpe popped out to third . Atkins popped out to first . Garabito reached on infield single to third . Ardoin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Mohr in left field . Francis pitching for Rockies . Dye reached on infield single to shortstop . Widger popped out to third . Uribe flied out to left . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for White Sox . Francis grounded out to pitcher . Sullivan grounded out to first . Relaford struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Ozuna singled to center . Iguchi doubled to deep right center , Ozuna scored . Rowand grounded out to shortstop , Iguchi to third . Konerko intentionally walked . Everett singled to center , Iguchi scored , Konerko to second . Dye grounded into double play , third to second to first , Everett out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for White Sox . Helton grounded out to first . Mohr popped out to first . Hawpe grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Widger singled to left . Uribe flied into double play , left to second to first , Widger doubled off first . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for White Sox . Atkins flied out to right . Garabito flied out to center . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Ardoin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Ozuna lined out to second . Iguchi grounded out to shortstop . Marte pitching for White Sox . Olson hit for Cortes . Rowand grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Marte pitching for White Sox . Olson walked . Sullivan sacrificed to first , Olson to second . Relaford fouled out to third . Politte pitching for White Sox . Helton walked . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Mohr struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Konerko singled to center . Everett singled to right , Konerko to second . Dye singled to left , Konerko scored , Everett to second . Podsednik ran for Everett . Widger sacrificed to third , Podsednik to third , Dye to second , Widger safe at first on error by third baseman Atkins . Podsednik to third on error by third baseman Atkins . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Uribe singled to center , Podsednik and Dye scored , Widger to second . Politte singled to right , Widger scored , Uribe to third , Politte to second advancing on throw . Ozuna grounded out to third . Iguchi hit sacrifice fly to center , Uribe scored , Politte to third . Rowand singled to center , Politte scored . Vizcaino pitching for White Sox . Podsednik in left field . Crede at third base . Konerko lined out to center . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Vizcaino pitching for White Sox . Hawpe struck out looking . Atkins popped out to second . Garabito walked . Garabito stole second . Seay pitching for Rockies . Ardoin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Seay pitching for Rockies . Podsednik singled to left . Dye flied out to center . Widger flied out to left . Uribe doubled to deep left center , Podsednik scored . Thomas hit for Vizcaino . Crede homered to left center , Uribe scored . Thomas homered to center . Iguchi walked . Takatsu pitching for White Sox . Closser hit for Seay . Rowand grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Takatsu pitching for White Sox . Closser homered to right . Sullivan struck out swinging . Relaford struck out swinging . Helton walked . Mohr struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 15 - Rockies 5 .	ChiSox pound out 22 hits to complete sweep of Rockies