Rockies - Top 1st . Pettitte pitching for Astros . Garabito flied out to left . Relaford flied out to left . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Taveras flied out to center . Biggio singled to left . Biggio to second on balk by Kennedy . Berkman walked . Ensberg hit by pitch , Biggio to third , Berkman to second . Lane doubled to center , Biggio and Berkman scored , Ensberg to third . Everett singled to left , Ensberg scored , Lane thrown out at home , Everett to second advancing on throw . Burke popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Astros . Wilson singled to left , Wilson out stretching at second . Atkins doubled to left . Mohr flied out to center , Atkins to third . Ardoin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Ausmus grounded out to first . Pettitte struck out looking . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Astros . Sullivan grounded out to second . Kennedy singled to right . Garabito struck out swinging . Relaford grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Biggio grounded out to third . Berkman singled to right . Ensberg grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Berkman out at second . Lane grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ensberg out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Pettitte pitching for Astros . Helton grounded out to shortstop . Wilson reached on infield single to third . Atkins struck out looking . Mohr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Everett grounded out to third . Burke grounded out to third . Ausmus flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Pettitte pitching for Astros . Ardoin walked . Sullivan grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ardoin out at second . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Pettitte singled to center . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pettitte out at second . Taveras to second on wild pitch by Kennedy , Taveras safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ardoin . Biggio singled to left , Taveras scored . Berkman grounded out to third , Biggio to second . Biggio stole third . Ensberg walked . Lane grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Pettitte pitching for Astros . Garabito struck out swinging . Relaford doubled to right center . Helton lined out to shortstop . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Everett singled to left . Burke singled to right , Everett to third . Ausmus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Everett scored , Burke out at second . Pettitte sacrificed to pitcher , Ausmus to second . Taveras struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Pettitte pitching for Astros . Atkins flied out to left . Mohr struck out swinging . Ardoin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Biggio fouled out to first . Berkman homered to left . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Ensberg walked . Lane popped out to shortstop . Franco pitching for Astros . Everett flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Shealy hit for Cortes . Franco pitching for Astros . Sullivan struck out swinging . Shealy struck out looking . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Garabito flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Burke hit by pitch . Palmeiro hit for Franco . Ausmus walked , Burke to second . Palmeiro reached on infield single to shortstop , Burke to third , Ausmus to second . Taveras fouled out to catcher . Biggio popped out to second . Berkman walked , Burke scored , Ausmus to third , Palmeiro to second . Qualls pitching for Astros . Burke at second base . Palmeiro in left field . Ensberg grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Berkman out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Relaford struck out swinging . Helton walked . Wilson struck out swinging . Atkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 0 - Astros 7 .	Pettitte combines on five - hitter as Astros shut out Rockies