Astros - Top 1st . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Taveras singled to left center . Biggio singled to right , Taveras to second . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Biggio out at second , Taveras to third . Ensberg hit sacrifice fly to left , Taveras scored . Lane struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Clemens pitching for Astros . Sullivan struck out swinging . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Helton lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Everett lined out to second . Burke doubled to deep left center . Ausmus popped out to shortstop . Clemens fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Clemens pitching for Astros . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Atkins walked . Piedra grounded into double play , third to second to first , Atkins out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Taveras struck out swinging . Biggio doubled to deep left . Berkman struck out swinging . Ensberg struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Clemens pitching for Astros . Relaford struck out swinging . Ardoin struck out swinging . Jennings walked . Sullivan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jennings out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Lane struck out swinging , Lane safe at first on wild pitch by Jennings . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lane out at second . Burke bunt grounded out to pitcher , Everett to second . Ausmus flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Clemens pitching for Astros . Miles grounded out to first . Helton flied out to left . Wilson homered to center . Atkins flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Clemens grounded out to second . Taveras reached on infield single to shortstop . Biggio hit by pitch , Taveras to second . Taveras to third , Biggio to second on wild pitch by Jennings . Berkman intentionally walked . Ensberg homered to left , Taveras , Biggio and Berkman scored . Lane struck out swinging . Everett grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Clemens pitching for Astros . Piedra popped out to third . Relaford grounded out to first . Ardoin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Burke flied out to left . Ausmus walked . Clemens sacrificed to first , Ausmus to second . Garabito hit for Jennings . Taveras grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Clemens pitching for Astros . Garabito singled to center . Sullivan singled to center , Garabito to second . Miles struck out looking . Helton struck out swinging . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Biggio singled to center . Berkman walked , Biggio to second . Ensberg struck out swinging . Lane grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Berkman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Clemens pitching for Astros . Atkins singled to center . Piedra grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Atkins out at second . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Relaford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Everett flied out to center . Burke singled to right . Burke picked off first . Qualls pitching for Astros . Ausmus lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Hawpe hit for Cortes . Qualls pitching for Astros . Ardoin singled to center . Hawpe popped out to shortstop . Franco pitching for Astros . Gonzalez hit for Miles . Sullivan singled to left , Ardoin to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sullivan out at second , Ardoin to third . Springer pitching for Astros . Helton singled to right , Ardoin scored , Gonzalez to second . Wilson walked , Gonzalez to third , Helton to second . Atkins homered to left center , Gonzalez , Helton and Wilson scored . Gonzalez at second base . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Hawpe in right field . Vizcaino hit for Springer . Piedra popped out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Vizcaino struck out looking . Taveras struck out swinging , Taveras safe at first on wild pitch by Fuentes . Biggio popped out to first . Bruntlett ran for Berkman . Berkman singled to center , Taveras to second . Ensberg flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 5 - Rockies 6 .	Rocky road : Astros ' ' pen ca n't hold Rocket 's lead in loss