Rockies - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Sullivan struck out looking . Miles struck out swinging . Helton walked . Wilson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Eckstein lined out to right . Grudzielanek flied out to right . Pujols homered to left . Sanders grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Atkins struck out swinging . Hawpe grounded out to shortstop . Relaford flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Rolen walked . Walker hit by pitch , Rolen to second . Taguchi singled to right , Rolen scored , Walker to second . Molina singled to left , Walker to third , Taguchi to second . Carpenter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Walker out at home , Taguchi to third , Molina to second . Taguchi scored , Molina to third , Carpenter to second on wild pitch by Kennedy . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Ardoin struck out looking . Kennedy struck out looking . Sullivan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Pujols grounded out to third . Sanders fouled out to second . Rolen singled to center . Walker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Miles singled to right . Helton flied out to left . Wilson singled to right center , Miles to third . Atkins struck out looking . Hawpe walked , Wilson to second . Relaford popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Taguchi grounded out to first . Molina grounded out to second . Carpenter flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Ardoin struck out swinging . Kennedy grounded out to second . Sullivan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Eckstein singled to center . Grudzielanek flied out to center . Pujols popped out to second . Eckstein to second on wild pitch by Kennedy . Sanders fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Miles reached on infield single to pitcher . Helton singled to right center , Miles to second . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Miles out at third , Helton to second . Atkins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Rolen lined out to center . Walker singled to center . Taguchi walked , Walker to second . Molina singled to right , Walker to third , Taguchi to second . Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to right , Walker scored , Taguchi to third . Eckstein flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Hawpe grounded out to first . Relaford struck out swinging . Ardoin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . Pujols walked . Sanders singled to center , Pujols to third . Seay pitching for Rockies . Rolen singled to left , Pujols scored , Sanders to second . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rolen out at second , Sanders to third . Garabito hit for Seay . Taguchi flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Garabito singled to center . Sullivan singled to left center , Garabito to second . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sullivan out at second . King pitching for Cardinals . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Mabry hit for King . Molina flied out to right . Mabry doubled to right . Eckstein walked . Grudzielanek flied out to left . Nunez hit for Sanders . Pujols singled to right center , Mabry scored , Eckstein to third , Pujols to second on throwing error by right fielder Hawpe . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Mabry in left field . Nunez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 9th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Wilson grounded out to third . Atkins grounded out to third . Hawpe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 0 - Cardinals 6 .	Carpenter carves up plate as Cardinals blank Rockies