Rockies - Top 1st . Duke pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Atkins fouled out to first . Helton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Duffy singled to center . Sanchez flied out to right . Lawton struck out swinging . Bay singled to left , Duffy to second . Castillo singled to center , Duffy scored , Bay to second . Ward singled to right , Bay scored , Castillo to third , Ward to second on error by catcher Ardoin . Cota singled to left , Castillo and Ward scored , Cota to second advancing on throw . Wilson singled to right , Cota scored . Duke walked , Wilson to second . Duffy struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 2nd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Byrnes flied out to right . Holliday singled to right center . Mohr singled to center , Holliday to second . Relaford grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mohr out at second , Holliday to third . Ardoin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Sanchez lined out to shortstop . Lawton singled to left . Bay homered to left , Lawton scored . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Ward walked . Cota struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Francis flied out to left . Gonzalez singled to right . Atkins flied out to right . Helton walked , Gonzalez to second . Byrnes walked , Gonzalez to third , Helton to second . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Wilson singled to right . Duke bunted into double play , catcher to shortstop to second , Wilson out at second . Duffy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Mohr grounded out to shortstop . Relaford struck out swinging . Ardoin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Sanchez grounded out to second . Lawton grounded out to shortstop . Bay singled to right center . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Francis walked . Gonzalez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Francis out at second . Atkins singled to left . Helton singled to right , Atkins to second . Byrnes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Ward singled to center . Cota struck out swinging . Wilson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ward out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Holliday singled to center . Mohr singled to left , Holliday to second . Relaford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mohr out at second , Holliday to third , Holliday scored on throwing error by shortstop Wilson . Garabito hit for Francis . Ardoin flied out to right . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Garabito struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Duke grounded out to third . Duffy struck out swinging . Sanchez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez walked . Atkins singled to left , Gonzalez to second . Helton struck out looking . Byrnes flied out to center . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Lawton grounded out to shortstop . Bay flied out to left . Castillo singled to right . Ward walked , Castillo to second . White pitching for Pirates . Cota singled to center , Castillo scored , Ward out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . White pitching for Pirates . Mohr flied out to center . Relaford singled to center . Piedra hit for Carvajal . Ardoin singled to right , Relaford to second . Piedra grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ardoin out at second , Relaford to third . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Redman hit for White . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Wilson flied out to center . Redman popped out to second . Torres pitching for Pirates . Duffy grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Atkins struck out swinging . Helton flied out to left . Byrnes walked . Byrnes to second on fielder 's indifference . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 1 - Pirates 8 .	Duke no fluke : Rookie pitcher helps Pirates snap skid