Nationals - Top 1st . Kim pitching for Rockies . Watson flied out to left . Vidro grounded out to second . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Armas pitching for Nationals . Bigbie singled to center . Miles singled to right , Bigbie to second . Helton grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Miles out at second , Bigbie to third . Holliday walked . Piedra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Kim pitching for Rockies . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Wilson flied out to center . Schneider walked . Castilla doubled to deep right center , Schneider scored . Guzman singled to right , Castilla scored . Armas Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guzman out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Armas pitching for Nationals . Atkins fouled out to first . Quintanilla walked . Ardoin singled to left , Quintanilla to second . Kim sacrificed to first , Quintanilla to third , Ardoin to second . Bigbie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Kim pitching for Rockies . Watson grounded out to second . Vidro doubled to deep right . Johnson doubled to deep left center , Vidro scored . Guillen struck out swinging . Wilson singled to right center , Johnson scored . Wilson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Schneider batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Armas pitching for Nationals . Miles flied out to right . Helton singled to left . Holliday singled to left , Helton to second . Piedra singled to right , Helton to third , Holliday to second . Atkins flied out to right . Quintanilla lined out to right . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Schneider flied out to center . Castilla flied out to center . Guzman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Armas pitching for Nationals . Ardoin singled to center . Kim struck out bunting foul . Bigbie grounded out to second , Ardoin to second . Miles flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Armas Jr walked . Watson reached on bunt single to pitcher , Armas Jr to second . Vidro singled to left , Armas Jr to third , Watson to second . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Armas Jr out at home , Watson to third , Vidro to second . Guillen hit sacrifice fly to center , Watson scored , Johnson out at first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Armas pitching for Nationals . Helton doubled to deep right center . Holliday flied out to right , Helton to third . Piedra popped out to second . Atkins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Wilson doubled to center . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Mohr in right field . Schneider doubled to right , Wilson scored . Castilla struck out swinging . Guzman grounded out to first , Schneider to third . Armas Jr struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Armas pitching for Nationals . Quintanilla singled to center . Ardoin struck out swinging . Quintanilla caught stealing second , catcher to second . Mohr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Watson grounded out to second . Vidro grounded out to second . Johnson singled to right . Guillen singled to left , Johnson to second . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Carroll at second base . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Bigbie singled to center . Miles singled to right , Bigbie to second . Helton flied out to center . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Bigbie picked off second . Gonzalez hit for Dohmann . Holliday singled to center , Miles to second . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Schneider lined out to pitcher . Castilla fouled out to third . Church in center field . Guzman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Atkins walked . Quintanilla grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Atkins out at second . Ardoin walked . Mohr singled to right center , Ardoin to third . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Bigbie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Carroll walked . Baerga hit for Carrasco . Watson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carroll out at second . Baerga struck out swinging . Johnson doubled to deep left center , Watson scored . Guillen doubled to right , Johnson scored . Baerga at third base . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Church grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Miles safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Guzman . Helton fouled out to catcher . Closser hit for Carvajal . Holliday walked , Miles to second . Miles to third , Holliday to second on wild pitch by Eischen . Closser fouled out to catcher . Atkins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Nationals 8 - Rockies 0 .	Nationals miles above Rockies in blowout