Rockies - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Sullivan struck out swinging . Helton walked . Holliday grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Wright pitching for Rockies . Robles walked . Choi walked , Robles to second . Ledee grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Choi out at second , Robles to third . Kent flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Piedra homered to left . Atkins popped out to shortstop . Quintanilla struck out swinging . Ardoin hit by pitch . Wright grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Wright pitching for Rockies . Werth singled to left . Werth stole second . Cruz walked . Navarro grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Werth scored on throwing error by first baseman Helton , Cruz safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Helton . Valentin popped out to shortstop . Weaver singled to center , Cruz scored , Navarro to third . Robles grounded out to first , Navarro scored , Weaver to second . Choi flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 3rd . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Sullivan flied out to center . Helton singled to right , Gonzalez to third . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Wright pitching for Rockies . Ledee grounded out to second . Kent grounded out to shortstop . Werth hit by pitch . Cruz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Piedra flied out to right . Atkins flied out to right . Quintanilla safe at first on error by third baseman Valentin . Ardoin singled to center , Quintanilla to second , Quintanilla scored , Ardoin to second on error by center fielder Werth . Wright struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Wright pitching for Rockies . Navarro doubled to deep center . Valentin walked . Weaver reached on bunt single to pitcher , Navarro to third , Valentin to second . Robles doubled to deep right center , Navarro , Valentin and Weaver scored . Choi lined out to left . Ledee struck out swinging . Kent flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Miles hit for Gonzalez . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Miles struck out swinging . Sullivan flied out to center . Miles at second base . Helton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Wright pitching for Rockies . Werth singled to right center . Werth stole second . Cruz struck out swinging . Navarro lined out to center . Valentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Holliday grounded out to second . Piedra struck out swinging . Atkins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Wright pitching for Rockies . Weaver grounded out to second . Robles singled to left . Choi struck out looking . Robles caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Quintanilla singled to left . Greene hit for Wright . Ardoin grounded into double play , third to second to first , Quintanilla out at second . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Greene flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Ledee grounded out to second . Kent grounded out to first . Repko in center field . Werth in left field . Werth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Miles flied out to right . Sullivan singled to center . Helton popped out to shortstop . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sullivan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Cruz struck out swinging . Acevedo pitching for Rockies . Navarro singled to right . Valentin doubled to deep center , Navarro to third . Weaver singled to right center , Navarro and Valentin scored . Robles grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Weaver out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Piedra walked . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Atkins singled to right center , Piedra to third . Quintanilla singled to left center , Piedra scored , Atkins to second . Closser hit for Acevedo . Ardoin fouled out to first . Closser struck out swinging . Miles flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 3 - Dodgers 8 .	Weaver wins fifth straight decision