Dodgers - Top 1st . Kim pitching for Rockies . Robles struck out looking . Choi grounded out to shortstop . Kent lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Houlton pitching for Dodgers . Barmes hit ground rule double to deep left . Sullivan sacrificed to third , Barmes to third . Helton walked . Holliday lined out to third . Hawpe doubled to deep center , Barmes scored , Helton thrown out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Kim pitching for Rockies . Saenz doubled to deep right center . Cruz flied out to right . Navarro grounded out to pitcher , Saenz to third . Valentin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Houlton pitching for Dodgers . Atkins doubled to deep left . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Ardoin walked . Kim bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Atkins out at third , Ardoin to second . Barmes walked , Ardoin to third , Kim to second . Sullivan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Kim pitching for Rockies . Repko grounded out to pitcher . Houlton struck out looking . Robles doubled to deep right . Choi fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Houlton pitching for Dodgers . Helton walked . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Helton out at second . Hawpe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Kent singled to left . Saenz doubled to deep center , Kent scored advancing on play . Saenz out stretching at third . Cruz grounded out to second . Navarro struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Houlton pitching for Dodgers . Atkins singled to center . Gonzalez flied out to right . Ardoin walked , Atkins to second . Kim bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Atkins out at third , Ardoin to second . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Valentin walked . Repko grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Valentin out at second . Houlton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Houlton pitching for Dodgers . Sullivan flied out to center . Helton singled to right . Holliday singled to right , Helton to second . Hawpe homered to right , Helton and Holliday scored . Atkins homered to right center . Gonzalez flied out to center . Ardoin doubled to deep left center . Dessens pitching for Dodgers . Kim singled to right , Ardoin scored , Kim to second on throwing error by right fielder Cruz . Barmes struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 6th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Robles singled to right center . Choi grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Robles out at second . Kent flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Dessens pitching for Dodgers . Sullivan grounded out to second . Helton flied out to left . Holliday hit by pitch . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Hawpe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Saenz walked . Cruz flied out to right . Navarro flied out to center . Valentin popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Dessens pitching for Dodgers . Atkins grounded out to second . Gonzalez walked . Mohr hit for Dohmann . Ardoin flied out to right . Mohr walked . DeJean pitching for Rockies . Perez hit for Repko . Barmes fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Werth hit for Dessens . DeJean pitching for Rockies . Perez struck out swinging . Werth struck out swinging . Brazoban pitching for Dodgers . Werth in center field . Robles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Brazoban pitching for Dodgers . Sullivan singled to center . Helton walked , Sullivan to second . Holliday singled to left , Sullivan scored , Helton to second . Hawpe walked , Helton to third , Holliday to second . Atkins grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helton scored , Hawpe out at second , Holliday to third . Gonzalez reached on infield single to second , Holliday scored , Atkins to second , Atkins to second on error by first baseman Choi . Piedra hit for DeJean . Ardoin grounded out to third . Osoria pitching for Dodgers . Piedra singled to right , Atkins and Gonzalez scored . Aybar hit for Choi . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Barmes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Piedra out at second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Aybar struck out swinging . Kent doubled to deep left center . Saenz struck out swinging . Cruz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 1 - Rockies 11 .	Kim dominates Dodgers in second straight blowout win