Rockies - Top 1st . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Barmes flied out to right . Sullivan flied out to left . Helton doubled to left . Holliday walked . Hawpe walked , Helton to third , Holliday to second . Atkins singled to shallow center , Helton and Holliday scored , Hawpe to third . Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop , Hawpe scored , Atkins to second . Ardoin walked , Atkins to third , Gonzalez to second . Cook grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ardoin out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Roberts grounded out to first . Loretta singled to center . Fick singled to center , Loretta to third . Giles grounded into double play , third to second to first , Fick out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Barmes flied out to right . Sullivan flied out to left . Helton singled to left . Holliday grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Klesko grounded out to second . Randa grounded out to third . Greene grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Hawpe struck out swinging . Atkins flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Olivo grounded out to third . Park grounded out to third . Roberts walked . Loretta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Ardoin struck out swinging . Cook struck out swinging . Barmes walked . Sullivan singled to right , Barmes to third . Helton singled to right , Barmes scored , Sullivan to third . Holliday struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Fick flied out to center . Giles grounded out to shortstop . Klesko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Hawpe struck out swinging . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Randa safe at first on error by shortstop Barmes . Greene singled to right , Randa to second . McAnulty hit for Park . Olivo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Greene out at second , Randa to third . Oxspring pitching for Padres . McAnulty grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Oxspring pitching for Padres . Ardoin struck out swinging . Cook popped out to second . Barmes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Roberts grounded out to first . Loretta singled to left . Fick grounded out to third , Loretta to second . Giles singled to right , Loretta to third . Klesko flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Oxspring pitching for Padres . Sullivan walked . Helton walked . Holliday hit sacrifice fly to left , Sullivan scored , Helton scored on throwing error by catcher Olivo . Hawpe walked . Atkins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hawpe out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Randa singled to left center . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Greene safe at first on error by third baseman Atkins , Randa to second . Sweeney hit for Oxspring . Olivo struck out swinging . Sweeney walked , Randa to third , Greene to second . Roberts singled to center , Randa scored , Greene to third , Sweeney to second . Williams pitching for Rockies . Johnson hit for Fick . Loretta singled to left , Greene and Sweeney scored , Roberts to second , Roberts to third on error by left fielder Holliday . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Roberts scored , Loretta out at second . Young hit for Klesko . Giles singled to right , Johnson to third . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Johnson in left field . Cassidy pitching for Padres . Sweeney at first base . Young struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Cassidy pitching for Padres . Gonzalez safe at first on error by shortstop Greene . Piedra hit for Cortes . Ardoin sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Piedra flied out to right . DeJean pitching for Rockies . Barmes popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 8th . DeJean pitching for Rockies . Randa tripled to deep right . Greene hit sacrifice fly to left , Randa scored . Olivo flied out to left . Alexander ran for Sweeney . Sweeney walked . Breslow pitching for Padres . Alexander at first base . Roberts popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Padres . Sullivan walked . Nady at first base . Seanez pitching for Padres . Helton walked , Sullivan to second . Holliday walked , Sullivan to third , Helton to second . Hawpe struck out swinging . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Atkins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Jackson ran for Loretta . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Loretta singled to center . Johnson sacrificed to third , Jackson to second . Giles struck out swinging . Nady walked . Jackson to third , Nady to second on fielder 's indifference . Randa walked . Greene struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 6 - Padres 5 .	Critical Olivo errors help Rockies get past Padres