Yankees - Top 1st. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Gardner singled to right. Headley singled to deep right, Gardner to third. Rodriguez walked, Headley to second. Teixeira popped out to shortstop. McCann struck out swinging. Beltrán flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Machado walked. Paredes singled to left, Machado to second. Jones flied out to center, Machado to third. Davis singled to deep right, Machado scored, Paredes to third. Hardy struck out swinging. Snider grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Gregorius grounded out to first. Drew grounded out to pitcher. Williams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Reimold struck out swinging. Flaherty grounded out to first. Joseph flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Gardner hit by pitch. Gardner stole second. Headley struck out swinging. Rodriguez singled to center, Gardner scored. Teixeira singled to center, Rodriguez to second. McCann flied out to left. Beltrán grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Machado safe at second on error by third baseman Headley. Paredes reached on infield single to pitcher, Machado to third. Jones singled to center, Machado scored, Paredes to second. Davis homered to right (379 feet), Paredes and Jones scored. Hardy grounded out to second. Snider popped out to shortstop. Reimold grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 4th. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Gregorius walked. Drew grounded out to second, Gregorius to second. Williams homered to right (411 feet), Gregorius scored. Gardner struck out looking. Headley grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Flaherty grounded out to pitcher. Joseph doubled to deep center. Machado singled to left, Joseph to third. Paredes singled to right, Joseph scored, Machado to second. Jones flied out to center, Machado to third. Davis flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Rodriguez lined out to right. Teixeira struck out swinging. McCann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Ryan at third base. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Hardy walked. Snider grounded out to third, Hardy to second. Reimold singled to right, Hardy to third. Lindgren pitching for Yankees. Flaherty lined into double play, second to first, Reimold doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Beltrán singled to right. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Gregorius grounded into fielder's choice to second, Beltrán out at second. Drew struck out swinging. Young hit for Williams. Young singled to left, Gregorius to second. Gardner walked, Gregorius to third, Young to second. Ryan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Gardner in center field. Young in left field. Lindgren pitching for Yankees. Joseph homered to left center (404 feet). Rogers pitching for Yankees. Machado reached on infield single to third. Paredes grounded into fielder's choice to first, Machado safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Teixeira. Machado scored, Paredes to second on wild pitch by Rogers. Jones flied out to center, Paredes to third. Davis grounded out to first. Hardy doubled to deep right, Paredes scored. Snider singled to right, Hardy scored. Reimold struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Rodriguez singled to center. Teixeira singled to center, Rodriguez to second. McCann lined out to right, Rodriguez to third. Beltrán lined out to center. Gregorius struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Rogers pitching for Yankees. Flaherty reached on infield single to first. Joseph singled to right center, Flaherty to third. Machado struck out swinging. Paredes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Flaherty scored, Joseph out at second. Jones popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Drew fouled out to first. Young flied out to left. Gardner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Capuano pitching for Yankees. Jones at first base. Murphy catching. Davis singled to right. Lough ran for Davis. Hardy grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Lough out at second. Snider flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Pearce at first base. Lough in center field. Brach pitching for Orioles. Ryan flied out to right. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 3 - Orioles 11.	Orioles beat Yankees 11-3 for 5th straight win