Twins - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Buxton grounded out to third. Dozier grounded out to third. Mauer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Duffey pitching for Twins. Machado grounded out to shortstop. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Sanó walked. Plouffe singled to right, Sanó to second. Rosario reached on bunt single to third, Sanó to third, Plouffe to second. Hunter walked, Sanó scored, Plouffe to third, Rosario to second. Suzuki singled to left, Plouffe and Rosario scored, Hunter to second. Escobar doubled to deep right center, Hunter scored, Suzuki to third. Buxton grounded out to third. Dozier singled to left center, Suzuki scored, Escobar thrown out at home, Dozier to second advancing on throw. Mauer grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Duffey pitching for Twins. Davis singled to center. Wieters doubled to deep right, Davis to third. Schoop flied out to right. Clevenger struck out swinging. Hardy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Sanó struck out swinging. Plouffe flied out to right. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Duffey pitching for Twins. Urrutia grounded out to first. Machado grounded out to shortstop. Parra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Hunter struck out looking. Suzuki singled to center. Escobar flied out to left. Buxton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Duffey pitching for Twins. Jones lined out to pitcher. Davis struck out swinging. Wieters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Dozier fouled out to first. Mauer singled to right. Sanó homered to left (370 feet), Mauer scored. Plouffe struck out swinging. Rosario struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Duffey pitching for Twins. Schoop flied out to center. Clevenger struck out swinging. Hardy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for Orioles. Hunter lined out to second. Suzuki lined out to center. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Duffey pitching for Twins. Urrutia singled to deep right. Machado grounded into double play, third to second to first, Urrutia out at second. Parra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Garcia pitching for Orioles. Buxton struck out swinging. Dozier singled to right. Mauer walked, Dozier to second. Sanó struck out swinging. Plouffe doubled to deep left, Dozier and Mauer scored. Rosario singled to left center, Plouffe to third. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rosario out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Duffey pitching for Twins. Jones singled to center. Davis singled to right, Jones to second. Wieters grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Davis out at second, Jones to third. Schoop grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Paredes at third base. Reimold in center field. Joseph at first base. Flaherty at shortstop. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Suzuki singled to left. Escobar reached on infield single to pitcher, Suzuki to second. Buxton singled to right, Suzuki to third, Escobar to second. Dozier flied out to right. Robinson hit for Mauer. Robinson reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki scored, Escobar to third, Buxton to second. Sanó reached on infield single to shortstop, Escobar scored, Buxton to third, Robinson to second, Buxton scored on error by second baseman Schoop. Plouffe walked, Robinson to third, Sanó to second. Rosario singled to center, Robinson and Sanó scored, Plouffe to second. Herrmann hit for Hunter. Herrmann grounded out to first, Plouffe to third, Rosario to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Núñez at shortstop. Robinson in right field. Herrmann at first base. Escobar at second base. Duffey pitching for Twins. Clevenger reached on infield single to third. Flaherty singled to right center, Clevenger to second. Urrutia singled to left, Clevenger to third, Flaherty to second. Reimold struck out swinging. Parra singled to center, Clevenger scored, Flaherty to third, Urrutia to second. Paredes struck out swinging. Joseph singled to left, Flaherty scored, Urrutia to third, Parra to second. Achter pitching for Twins. Wieters struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Escobar homered to left center (390 feet). Buxton lined out to second. Núñez reached on infield single to shortstop. Robinson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Núñez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Achter pitching for Twins. Schoop flied out to center. Clevenger grounded out to first. Flaherty walked. Urrutia walked, Flaherty to second. Reimold popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 15 - Orioles 2.	Duffey stymies Orioles as Twins roll to 15-2 victory