Indians - Top 1st. Junis pitching for Royals. Martín homered to right center (413 feet). Ramírez flied out to right. González reached on infield single to second. Santana doubled to deep center, González to third. Naquin singled to right, González scored and Santana scored. Bauers struck out swinging. Pérez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Kluber pitching for Indians. Merrifield struck out looking. Mondesi reached on infield single to shortstop. Mondesi stole second. Gordon struck out swinging. Mondesi stole third. Soler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Junis pitching for Royals. Miller flied out to left. Stamets struck out swinging. Martín singled to right center. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Kluber pitching for Indians. O'Hearn walked. Dozier singled to right, O'Hearn to second. Duda homered to right (384 feet), O'Hearn scored and Dozier scored. Gallagher flied out to left. Owings singled to center. Owings caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Merrifield homered to right (366 feet). Mondesi flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Junis pitching for Royals. González flied out to center. Santana grounded out to first. Naquin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Gordon reached on infield single to third. Soler walked, Gordon to second. O'Hearn walked, Soler to second, Gordon to third. Dozier struck out swinging. Duda walked, Gordon scored, O'Hearn to second, Soler to third. Gallagher grounded into fielder's choice to first, Duda to second, O'Hearn to third, Soler out at home. Owings walked, O'Hearn scored, Gallagher to second, Duda to third. Wittgren pitching for Indians. Merrifield flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Junis pitching for Royals. Bauers singled to left center. Pérez doubled to deep right, Bauers to third. Miller singled to right, Bauers scored, Pérez to third. Stamets grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pérez scored, Miller out at second. Martín grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Wittgren pitching for Indians. Mondesi flied out to center. Gordon grounded out to third. Soler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Junis pitching for Royals. Ramírez lined out to third. González grounded out to first. Santana grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Olson pitching for Indians. O'Hearn fouled out to third. Dozier walked. Duda singled to center, Dozier to third. Gallagher reached on bunt single to catcher, Dozier scored, Duda to second. Owings walked, Gallagher to second, Duda to third. Ramírez pitching for Indians. Merrifield struck out swinging. Mondesi lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Junis pitching for Royals. Naquin struck out looking. Bauers walked. Pérez lined out to right. Miller grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Ramirez pitching for Indians. Gordon flied out to left. Soler homered to center (420 feet). O'Hearn flied out to left. Cimber pitching for Indians. Dozier grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Junis pitching for Royals. Stamets grounded out to shortstop. Lovelady pitching for Royals. Martín singled to right. Ramírez reached on infield single to shortstop, Martín to second. González grounded out to first, Ramírez to second, Martín to third. Santana intentionally walked. Ramírez hit for Naquin. Newberry pitching for Royals. Ramírez walked, Martín scored, Santana to second, Ramírez to third. Allen ran for Ramírez. Bauers singled to left center, Ramírez scored and Santana scored, Allen thrown out at third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Allen in right field. Cimber pitching for Indians. Duda flied out to center. Gallagher popped out to shortstop. Owings grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Boxberger pitching for Royals. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. Miller flied out to left. Stamets flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Cimber pitching for Indians. Merrifield grounded out to pitcher. Mondesi struck out swinging. Hand pitching for Indians. Gordon singled to center. Soler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Martín grounded out to second. Ramírez flied out to left. González fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Hand pitching for Indians. O'Hearn walked. Gore ran for O'Hearn. Gore stole second, Gore safe at third on throwing error by catcher Pérez. Dozier singled to left, Gore scored. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Indians 8 - Royals 9.	Gore pinch-runs, speeds home as Royals sweep Indians