White Sox - Top 1st. Bauer pitching for Indians. García singled to right center. Moncada homered to right (409 feet), García scored. Abreu struck out looking. Alonso struck out swinging. McCann struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Nova pitching for White Sox. Lindor lined out to shortstop. Kipnis doubled to deep right. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. Santana grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Delmonico flied out to left. Anderson lined out to center. Sánchez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Nova pitching for White Sox. González reached on bunt single to third. Bauers flied out to center. Luplow grounded into double play, third to second to first, González out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Tilson singled to deep right. García singled to right, Tilson to third. Moncada hit sacrifice fly to center, Tilson scored. Abreu struck out swinging. Alonso struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Nova pitching for White Sox. Naquin struck out looking. Pérez struck out looking. Lindor grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Bauer pitching for Indians. McCann homered to left center (436 feet). Delmonico popped out to shortstop. Anderson struck out swinging. Sánchez struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Nova pitching for White Sox. Kipnis grounded out to second. Ramírez singled to right. Santana walked, Ramírez to second. González struck out swinging. Bauers grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Tilson doubled to deep center. García singled to shallow left center, Tilson to third. Moncada doubled to deep right, Tilson scored, García thrown out at home. Abreu fouled out third to shortstop, Moncada doubled off second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Nova pitching for White Sox. Luplow singled to deep right. Naquin singled to right, Luplow to second. Pérez flied out to right. Lindor popped out to second. Kipnis singled to right, Luplow scored, Naquin to third. Ramírez flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Alonso singled to center. McCann walked, Alonso to second. Delmonico hit by pitch, McCann to second, Alonso to third. Anderson singled to center, Alonso scored and McCann scored, Delmonico to third. Ramírez pitching for Indians. Sánchez flied out to left. Delmonico scored on throwing error by catcher Pérez and Delmonico scored on throwing error by catcher Pérez, Anderson stole second. Tilson struck out looking. García flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 6th. Nova pitching for White Sox. Santana grounded out to shortstop. González singled to shallow left. Bauers singled to center, González to second. Luplow grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bauers out at second, González to third. Naquin grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Indians. Moncada struck out swinging. Abreu flied out to center. Alonso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Nova pitching for White Sox. Pérez struck out swinging. Lindor struck out swinging. Kipnis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Wittgren pitching for Indians. McCann flied out to right. Delmonico doubled to left. Cimber pitching for Indians. Anderson singled to left, Delmonico to third. Sánchez singled to left center, Delmonico scored, Anderson to second. Tilson popped out to second. García grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Burr pitching for White Sox. Ramírez grounded out to second. Santana walked. González grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Santana out at second. Bauers reached on infield single to third, González to second. Luplow grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Edwards pitching for Indians. Moncada grounded out to shortstop. Abreu struck out swinging. Alonso lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Cordell in right field. Delmonico at first base. Tilson in left field. Minaya pitching for White Sox. Naquin popped out to third. Pérez walked. Lindor singled to deep right, Pérez to third. Kipnis struck out swinging. Ramírez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 9 - Indians 1.	Anderson chases Bauer after tweet; ChiSox rout Indians 9-1