Phillies - Top 1st. Plutko pitching for Indians. Hernández grounded out to first. Realmuto popped out to first. Harper doubled to deep right. Hoskins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Lindor struck out swinging. Mercado struck out swinging. Santana singled to center. Puig grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Plutko pitching for Indians. Bruce flied out to center. Segura popped out to first. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Freeman flied out to left. Reyes flied out to right. Allen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Plutko pitching for Indians. Kingery walked. Haseley grounded out to second, Kingery to second. Hernández flied out to center, Kingery to third. Realmuto doubled to deep left center, Kingery scored. Harper intentionally walked. Hoskins grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harper out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Pérez struck out swinging. Flaherty struck out looking. Lindor lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Plutko pitching for Indians. Bruce flied out to center. Segura lined out to right. Miller struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Mercado grounded out to second. Santana singled to center. Puig singled to deep center, Santana to third. Freeman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Santana scored, Puig out at second. Reyes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Plutko pitching for Indians. Kingery doubled to deep right center. Haseley singled to shallow left, Kingery to third. Hernández popped out to third. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Realmuto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Haseley out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Allen safe at first on error by shortstop Segura. Pérez sacrificed, Pérez to first on error by pitcher Velasquez, Allen to second on error by pitcher Velasquez. Flaherty bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Pérez to second, Allen out at third. Lindor grounded out to first, Flaherty to second, Pérez to third. Mercado homered to left (387 feet), Pérez scored and Flaherty scored. Santana doubled to deep right center. Vincent pitching for Phillies. Puig walked. Freeman grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Harper flied out to left. Hoskins struck out swinging. Bruce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Vincent pitching for Phillies. Reyes grounded out to third. Allen popped out to shortstop. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Segura grounded out to third. Miller bunt popped out to third. Kingery doubled to right. Haseley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Morin pitching for Phillies. Flaherty doubled to deep left center. Lindor singled to right, Flaherty scored, Lindor safe at second on error by right fielder Harper. Mercado walked. Santana hit by pitch, Mercado to second, Lindor to third. Irvin pitching for Phillies. Puig doubled to deep right center, Lindor scored, Santana scored and Mercado scored. Freeman struck out swinging. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Reyes homered to right (367 feet), Puig scored. Allen struck out swinging. Pérez grounded out to third. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 8th. Pérez pitching for Indians. Hernández lined out to right. Knapp hit for Realmuto. Knapp struck out swinging. Pirela hit for Harper. Goody pitching for Indians. Pirela popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Knapp catching. Pirela in right field. Chang hit for Flaherty. Davis pitching for Phillies. Chang grounded out to third. Lindor grounded out to second. Mercado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Morrison hit for Hoskins. Chang at third base. Goody pitching for Indians. Morrison popped out to third. Grullon hit for Bruce. Grullon struck out swinging. Gosselin hit for Segura. Gosselin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 1 - Indians 10.	Indians move into tie for 2nd wild card, beat Phillies 10-1