Red Sox - Top 1st . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Youkilis walked . Loretta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Youkilis out at second . Ortiz singled to right , Loretta to third . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Gathright walked . Crawford flied out to center . Gathright to second on wild pitch by Clement . Gomes walked . Wigginton doubled to deep right , Gathright and Gomes scored , Wigginton out at second . Hall singled to right . Norton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Varitek tripled to right . Lowell popped out to first . Nixon grounded out to third . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Lee grounded out to second . Burroughs walked . Perez singled to right , Burroughs to third . Gathright sacrificed into fielder 's choice to first , Burroughs scored , Perez to second . Crawford singled to center , Perez scored , Gathright to second . Gomes struck out swinging . Wigginton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Youkilis grounded out to third . Loretta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Hall popped out to second . Norton grounded out to second . Lee walked . Burroughs grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Ortiz hit by pitch . Ramirez hit by pitch , Ortiz to second . Varitek flied out to center . Lowell flied out to right . Nixon walked , Ortiz to third , Ramirez to second . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Nixon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Perez grounded out to first . Gathright grounded out to second . Crawford bunt grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Youkilis walked . Loretta popped out to first . Ortiz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Gomes walked . Wigginton safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lowell , Gomes to second . Hall reached on bunt single to third , Gomes tagged out at home , Wigginton to third . Norton walked , Hall to second . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wigginton scored , Norton out at second , Hall to third . Burroughs grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 6th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Ramirez walked . Varitek flied out to right . Lowell singled to left , Ramirez to second . Nixon grounded out to first , Ramirez to third , Lowell to second . Pena grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Perez struck out swinging . Gathright bunt grounded out to first . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Gonzalez walked . Youkilis walked , Gonzalez to second . Loretta struck out looking . Ortiz grounded out to second , Gonzalez to third , Youkilis to second . Ramirez walked . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Varitek popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Gomes struck out looking . Wigginton fouled out to first . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Hollins in right field . Hall flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Lowell doubled to deep left . Nixon doubled to deep center , Lowell scored . Snow hit for Gonzalez . Pena grounded out to pitcher , Nixon to third . Cora ran for Snow . Snow singled to center , Nixon scored . Miceli pitching for Devil Rays . Youkilis singled to left , Cora to second . Loretta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cora out at third , Youkilis to second . Cora at shortstop . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Ortiz popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Norton singled to right . Green ran for Norton . Lee flied out to right . Green caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Burroughs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Miceli pitching for Devil Rays . Ramirez walked . Walker pitching for Devil Rays . Varitek walked , Ramirez to second . Lowell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Varitek out at second . Nixon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 2 - Devil Rays 5 .	Fossum helps D - Rays send BoSox to third straight loss