Devil Rays - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Lugo walked . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lugo out at second . Gomes struck out looking , Crawford stole second . Huff fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Waechter pitching for Devil Rays . Suzuki grounded out to first . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Wigginton singled to center . Hall safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez , Wigginton to second . Lee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hall out at second , Wigginton to third . Branyan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Waechter pitching for Devil Rays . Sexson singled to left . Everett walked , Sexson to second . Beltre singled to left , Sexson to third , Everett to second . Johjima singled to center , Sexson and Everett scored , Beltre to second . Beltre caught stealing third , catcher to third . Reed grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johjima out at second . Betancourt singled to left , Reed to third . Suzuki flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Gathright safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt . Lugo reached on infield single to third , Gathright to second . Crawford grounded out to pitcher , Gathright to third , Lugo to second . Gomes hit sacrifice fly to left , Gathright scored . Lugo stole third . Huff grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Waechter pitching for Devil Rays . Lopez flied out to right . Ibanez grounded out to first . Sexson safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Huff . Everett popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Wigginton popped out to third . Hall flied out to center . Lee singled to right . Branyan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Waechter pitching for Devil Rays . Beltre flied out to left . Johjima walked . Reed flied out to center . Betancourt singled to left , Johjima to second . Suzuki singled to center , Johjima scored , Betancourt to second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Gathright safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt . Lugo grounded into double play , second to first , Gathright out at second . Crawford struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Waechter pitching for Devil Rays . Ibanez flied out to left . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . Everett homered to right . Beltre flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Gomes grounded out to second . Huff popped out to shortstop . Wigginton walked . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wigginton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Waechter pitching for Devil Rays . Johjima flied out to center . Reed singled to center . Betancourt flied out to left . Reed caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Suzuki batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Lee doubled to deep center . Branyan struck out swinging . Gathright struck out swinging . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Waechter pitching for Devil Rays . Suzuki singled to right . Lopez sacrificed to first , Suzuki to second . Ibanez flied out to center . Sexson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Crawford struck out looking . Gomes struck out swinging . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Huff walked . Wigginton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Waechter pitching for Devil Rays . Everett singled to center . Beltre singled to left , Everett to second . Meadows pitching for Devil Rays . Johjima hit by pitch , Everett to third , Beltre to second . Reed grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Everett out at home , Beltre to third , Johjima to second . Betancourt singled to center , Beltre scored , Johjima to third , Reed to second . Suzuki singled to right , Johjima scored , Reed to third , Betancourt to second . Lopez singled to right center , Reed and Betancourt scored , Suzuki to second . Ibanez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lopez out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Hall flied out to center . Lee struck out swinging . Branyan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 1 - Mariners 8 .	Hernandez returns to form in Mariners ' win over Rays