White Sox - Top 1st . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Podsednik walked . Iguchi struck out swinging . Thome popped out to shortstop . Podsednik stole second . Konerko walked . Dye singled to center , Podsednik scored , Konerko to second . Pierzynski struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . McCarthy pitching for White Sox . Lugo grounded out to third . Crawford flied out to center . Gomes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Crede flied out to right . Uribe flied out to left . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . McCarthy pitching for White Sox . Huff flied out to left . Wigginton homered to left . Hall homered to left . Lee struck out swinging . Hollins struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Podsednik safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo . Podsednik stole second . Iguchi struck out swinging . Thome lined out to shortstop . Podsednik stole third . Podsednik out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Konerko batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . McCarthy pitching for White Sox . Gathright walked . Lugo flied out to center . Gathright caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Dye grounded out to catcher . Pierzynski lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . McCarthy pitching for White Sox . Gomes singled to center . Huff singled to center , Gomes to second . Wigginton struck out swinging . Hall flied out to center , Gomes to third . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Crede grounded out to shortstop . Uribe singled to right . Anderson struck out swinging . Podsednik grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Logan pitching for White Sox . Hollins singled to left . Gathright sacrificed to third , Hollins to second , Gathright safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Logan . Lugo reached on bunt single to third , Hollins to third , Gathright to second . Crawford reached on infield single to second , Hollins scored , Gathright to third , Lugo to second . Gomes doubled to deep right , Gathright , Lugo and Crawford scored . Huff popped out to second . Wigginton flied out to left , Gomes to third . Hall intentionally walked . Lee grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 6th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Iguchi hit ground rule double to deep center . Thome struck out swinging . Konerko popped out to second . Dye grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Logan pitching for White Sox . Hollins grounded out to third . Gathright reached on infield single to second . Lugo doubled to deep right , Gathright to third . Crawford reached on infield single to pitcher , Gathright scored , Lugo to third . Gomes walked , Crawford to second . Montero pitching for White Sox . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lugo scored , Gomes out at second , Crawford to third . Wigginton grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Pierzynski singled to right . Crede struck out swinging . Uribe singled to left , Pierzynski to second . Anderson struck out swinging . Podsednik grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Montero pitching for White Sox . Hall flied out to center . Lee walked . Hollins safe at first on error by third baseman Crede , Lee to second . Gathright singled to center , Lee scored , Hollins to second . Lugo safe at first on error by shortstop Uribe , Hollins to third , Gathright to second . Crawford hit sacrifice fly to left , Hollins scored . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Ozuna hit for Iguchi . Gomes struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Ozuna safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo . Thome homered to left , Ozuna scored . Gload hit for Dye . Konerko homered to left center . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Gload flied out to left . Mackowiak hit for Crede . Pierzynski doubled to deep right . Mackowiak singled to right , Pierzynski to third . Uribe singled to right , Pierzynski scored , Mackowiak to third . Meadows pitching for Devil Rays . Anderson walked , Uribe to second . Podsednik hit sacrifice fly to center , Mackowiak scored , Uribe to third . Ozuna walked . Walker pitching for Devil Rays . Ozuna at second base . Gload in right field . Mackowiak at third base . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Thome struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Huff grounded out to second . Wigginton struck out swinging . Perez at third base . Hall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Walker pitching for Devil Rays . Konerko flied out to center . Gload grounded out to first . Pierzynski singled to left . Mackowiak flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 7 - Devil Rays 10 .	Kazmir dominates , but Rays ' pen almost blows victory