Devil Rays - Top 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Lugo singled to center , Lugo to second on throwing error by center fielder Wells . Crawford struck out bunting foul . Lugo stole third . Gomes struck out swinging . Huff struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson singled to center . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson out at second . Wells grounded out to shortstop , Rios to second . Glaus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Wigginton hit ground rule double to left . Hall singled to center , Wigginton to third . Norton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Wigginton scored , Hall out at second . Norton caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Lee struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Hillenbrand homered to left center . Molina flied out to right . Zaun doubled to deep right center . Hill grounded out to shortstop . McDonald grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Hollins grounded out to third . Lugo grounded out to third . Crawford grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson reached on infield single to second . Rios grounded into double play , third to second to first , Johnson out at second . Wells singled to left . Glaus doubled to left , Wells scored . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Gomes struck out swinging . Huff grounded out to first . Wigginton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Molina singled to center . Zaun grounded into double play , third to second to first , Molina out at second . Hill grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Hall fouled out to first . Norton struck out swinging . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . McDonald grounded out to third . Johnson grounded out to second . Rios walked . Wells grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Hollins singled to center . Lugo lined out to center . Crawford safe at first on error by shortstop McDonald , Hollins to second . Gomes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Glaus walked . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Molina singled to right , Glaus to third . Zaun walked , Molina to second . Hill grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zaun out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Huff lined out to first . Wigginton singled to right center . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Hall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wigginton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . McDonald singled to right center . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson singled to center , McDonald to third . Rios singled to right center , McDonald scored , Johnson to third . Wells hit sacrifice fly to center , Johnson scored . Rios caught stealing second , catcher to second . Glaus popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Norton grounded out to first . Lee grounded out to second . Harville pitching for Devil Rays . Hollins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Harville pitching for Devil Rays . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Molina struck out swinging . Zaun grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Ryan pitching for Blue Jays . Gomes singled to left center . Gomes to second on fielder 's indifference . Huff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 1 - Blue Jays 4 .	Jays ' Halladay ( 6 - 1 ) beats Rays for fifth straight victory