Devil Rays - Top 1st . Redman pitching for Royals . Lugo doubled to left . Crawford reached on bunt single to catcher , Lugo to third . Gomes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lugo scored , Crawford out at second . Wigginton singled to center . Cantu doubled to left , Wigginton to third . Huff lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . DeJesus flied out to center . Graffanino flied out to center . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Redman pitching for Royals . Baldelli singled to center . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Baldelli out at second . Hollins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hall out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Sanders grounded out to shortstop . Brown grounded out to pitcher . German struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Redman pitching for Royals . Lugo flied out to right . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Gomes singled to left . Wigginton reached on infield single to shortstop , Gomes to second . Cantu singled to center , Gomes scored , Wigginton thrown out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Teahen singled to left . Berroa singled to left , Teahen to second . Buck singled to right , Teahen to third , Berroa to second . DeJesus grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to second , Teahen scored , Buck out at second , Berroa to third . Graffanino grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Redman pitching for Royals . Huff grounded out to pitcher . Baldelli reached on infield single to shortstop . Hall flied out to left . Hollins walked , Baldelli to second . Lugo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Sanders walked . Sanders stole second . Brown flied out to left . German walked . Teahen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Redman pitching for Royals . Crawford lined out to shortstop . Gomes struck out swinging . Wigginton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Berroa singled to left center . Buck struck out swinging . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Berroa out at second . DeJesus caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Graffanino batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Redman pitching for Royals . Cantu flied out to center . Huff grounded out to shortstop . Baldelli lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Graffanino flied out to left . Grudzielanek flied out to center . Sanders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Redman pitching for Royals . Hall grounded out to third . Hollins struck out swinging . Lugo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Brown struck out swinging . German grounded out to second . Teahen grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Redman pitching for Royals . Crawford grounded out to second . Gomes struck out swinging . Wigginton lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Berroa flied out to center . Costa ran for Buck . Buck walked . DeJesus singled to right , Costa to second . Meadows pitching for Devil Rays . Graffanino singled to left , Costa scored , DeJesus to second . Grudzielanek flied out to right , DeJesus to third . Sanders doubled to deep right center , DeJesus and Graffanino scored . Mientkiewicz at first base . Bako catching . Burgos pitching for Royals . Brown grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Cantu singled to center . Cantu to second on wild pitch by Burgos . Huff struck out swinging . Baldelli grounded out to first , Cantu to third . Norton hit for Hollins . Paul ran for Hall . Hall walked . Norton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 2 - Royals 4 .	Redman goes eight strong as Royals slip past Rays