Indians - Top 1st . Seo pitching for Devil Rays . Sizemore popped out to shortstop . Inglett grounded out to second . Hafner doubled to right center . Garko walked . Choo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Baldelli grounded out to first . Zobrist flied out to center . Crawford walked . Navarro singled to center , Crawford to second . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Seo pitching for Devil Rays . Peralta struck out swinging . Shoppach singled to left . Gutierrez singled to left , Shoppach to second . Marte struck out looking . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Gomes grounded out to third . Branyan homered to left . Cantu struck out swinging . Perez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Seo pitching for Devil Rays . Inglett struck out looking . Hafner homered to right . Garko homered to left . Choo singled to center . Peralta singled to left , Choo to second . Shoppach struck out swinging . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peralta out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Baldelli reached on infield single to third . Zobrist singled to right , Baldelli to second . Crawford singled to center , Baldelli scored , Zobrist to second . Navarro flied out to left . Lee grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crawford out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Marte popped out to second . Sizemore flied out to center . Inglett singled to right . Hafner lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . Branyan flied out to center . Cantu lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Garko hit by pitch . Choo walked , Garko to second . Peralta sacrificed to pitcher , Garko to third , Choo to second . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Shoppach doubled to left , Garko and Choo scored . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Marte struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Baldelli popped out to shortstop . Meadows pitching for Devil Rays . Zobrist popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Meadows pitching for Devil Rays . Sizemore doubled to deep right . Inglett reached on bunt single to pitcher , Sizemore to third . Hafner intentionally walked , Inglett to second . Garko singled to left , Sizemore scored , Inglett to third , Hafner to second . Choo struck out swinging . Peralta homered to center , Inglett , Hafner and Garko scored . Shoppach singled to center . Gutierrez singled to center , Shoppach to second . Marte grounded into double play , third to first , Shoppach out at third . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Crawford singled to center . Navarro flied out to center . Crawford stole second . Lee walked . Gomes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lee out at second , Crawford to third . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Branyan grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Sizemore singled to center . Inglett walked , Sizemore to second . Hafner grounded out to first , Sizemore to third , Inglett to second . Garko fouled out to first . Choo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Cantu struck out swinging . Perez singled to right . Baldelli doubled to center , Perez to third . Zobrist grounded out to first , Perez scored , Baldelli to third . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Peralta struck out swinging . Shoppach struck out swinging . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Gutierrez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Hollins hit for Lee . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Navarro walked . Hollins singled to center , Navarro to second . Gomes struck out swinging . Branyan struck out swinging . Hollins in right field . Branyan at first base . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Cantu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Marte singled to center . Sizemore safe at first on error by second baseman Cantu , Marte to second . Inglett fouled out to shortstop . Hafner flied out to left . Garko walked , Marte to third , Sizemore to second . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Perez flied out to left . Baldelli doubled to deep center . Zobrist popped out to shortstop . Crawford singled to center , Baldelli scored . Navarro safe at first on error by second baseman Inglett , Crawford to third . Hollins lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Indians 9 - Devil Rays 4 .	Peralta 's first career grand slam lifts Indians past Rays