Devil Rays - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Baldelli grounded out to pitcher . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Upton out at second . Crawford stole second . Norton walked . Crawford stole third . Navarro popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Podsednik walked . Podsednik stole second . Iguchi walked . Dye homered to right , Podsednik and Iguchi scored . Konerko popped out to shortstop . Crede singled to center . Pierzynski flied out to left . Uribe flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Cantu struck out swinging . Witt struck out swinging . Young hit by pitch . Zobrist flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Gload flied out to center . Anderson walked . Podsednik walked , Anderson to second . Iguchi walked , Anderson to third , Podsednik to second . Dye grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson scored , Iguchi out at second , Podsednik to third . Konerko singled to left , Podsednik scored , Dye to second . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Crede singled to center , Dye scored , Konerko to second . Pierzynski singled to right center , Konerko scored , Crede to second . Uribe popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Baldelli singled to center . Upton bunt popped out foul to catcher . Baldelli stole second . Crawford doubled to deep right , Baldelli scored . Norton flied out to right . Navarro doubled to deep right , Crawford scored . Cantu struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Gload singled to left center . Anderson popped out to shortstop . Podsednik flied out to left . Iguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gload out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Witt singled to right . Young struck out swinging . Zobrist flied out to center . Baldelli grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Dye flied out to right . Konerko popped out to shortstop . Crede singled to deep left . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Upton walked . Upton stole second . Crawford grounded out to first , Upton to third . Norton grounded out to first , Upton scored . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Navarro grounded out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Uribe grounded out to second . Gload flied out to center . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Cantu flied out to center . Witt singled to right . Young homered to left , Witt scored . Zobrist grounded out to second . Baldelli flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Podsednik struck out looking . Iguchi reached on infield single to third . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Dye popped out to second . Iguchi stole second . Konerko walked . Crede doubled to deep left center , Iguchi scored , Konerko thrown out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Upton struck out swinging . Crawford struck out swinging . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Norton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Pierzynski doubled to deep right center . Uribe sacrificed to pitcher , Pierzynski to third . Gload walked . Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop , Pierzynski scored , Gload to second . Podsednik singled to center , Gload scored , Anderson to second . Iguchi struck out swinging . Dye grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson scored on throwing error by third baseman Upton , Podsednik safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Upton . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Konerko grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Navarro walked . Cantu homered to left , Navarro scored . Riske pitching for White Sox . Witt struck out swinging . Young singled to right . Zobrist singled to center , Young to second . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Baldelli doubled to deep right , Young scored , Zobrist to third . Upton grounded out to shortstop , Zobrist scored , Baldelli to third . Crawford struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Crede flied out to left . Pierzynski hit by pitch . Uribe safe at first on error by second baseman Cantu , Pierzynski to second . Meadows pitching for Devil Rays . Gload doubled to deep center , Pierzynski scored , Uribe to third . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Podsednik grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Norton flied out to center . Navarro grounded out to second . Cantu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 9 - White Sox 12 .	ChiSox retake wild card lead