Athletics - Top 1st . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Kendall popped out to second . Ellis singled to center . Bradley singled to deep center , Ellis to second . Thomas singled to center , Ellis scored , Bradley to second . Chavez singled to right , Bradley to third , Thomas to second . Payton grounded out to second , Bradley scored , Thomas to third , Chavez to second . Swisher walked . Johnson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Athletics . Baldelli struck out swinging . Young singled to right . Crawford singled to right , Young to third . Young scored , Crawford to third on passed ball by Kendall . Norton grounded out to second . Wigginton grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Scutaro grounded out to second . Kendall flied out to right . Ellis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Navarro flied out to center . Cantu struck out swinging . Upton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Bradley struck out looking . Thomas walked . Thomas to second on wild pitch by Shields . Chavez walked . Payton singled to left , Thomas to third , Chavez to second . Swisher homered to right , Thomas , Chavez and Payton scored . Johnson grounded out to second . Scutaro flied out to center . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Zobrist flied out to left . Baldelli doubled to deep left . Young grounded out to third , Baldelli to third . Crawford singled to left , Baldelli scored . Norton doubled to deep left center , Crawford scored . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Kendall lined out to third . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Bradley walked . Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays . Thomas singled to right , Bradley to third . Chavez walked , Thomas to second . Payton popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Navarro grounded out to first . Cantu homered to left . Upton reached on infield single to pitcher , Upton to third on throwing error by pitcher Haren . Zobrist hit sacrifice fly to right , Upton scored . Baldelli reached on infield single to shortstop . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Baldelli out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays . Swisher singled to center . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Swisher out at second . Scutaro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Norton grounded out to second . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays . Kendall walked . Ellis grounded out to shortstop , Kendall to second . Bradley grounded out to first , Kendall to third . Thomas homered to left , Kendall scored . Chavez struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Navarro grounded out to first . Cantu grounded out to third . Upton reached on infield single to catcher . Upton to second on wild pitch by Haren . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Zobrist grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Payton flied out to right . Swisher singled to left . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Swisher out at second . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Scutaro walked , Johnson to second . Kendall flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Baldelli homered to left . Young popped out to first . Crawford flied out to left . Norton singled to shallow right . Meadows pitching for Devil Rays . Wigginton flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Meadows pitching for Devil Rays . Ellis doubled to left . Bradley struck out swinging . Thomas flied out to right , Ellis to third . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Chavez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Navarro flied out to left . Cantu singled to left . Upton popped out to catcher . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Zobrist grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Payton singled to center . Swisher singled to right , Payton to third . Johnson popped out to second . Street pitching for Athletics . Scutaro grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Swisher out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Street pitching for Athletics . Baldelli popped out to second . Young walked . Young stole second . Crawford flied out to left . Hollins ran for Norton . Norton reached on infield single to shortstop , Young to third . Wigginton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 8 - Devil Rays 6 .	Swisher granny helps A 's smoke Rays