Giants - Top 1st . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Yastrzemski popped out to shortstop . Flores singled to left center . Sandoval struck out swinging . Dickerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Giants . Betts lined out to center . Muncy homered to right ( 383 feet ) . Turner walked . Bellinger walked , Turner to second . Hernández lined out to center . Seager reached on infield single to second , Bellinger to second , Turner to third . Taylor flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . McCarthy grounded out to first . Dubon flied out to right . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Giants . Pederson singled to center . Smith flied out to right . Betts lined out to left . Muncy walked , Pederson to second . Garcia pitching for Giants . Turner singled to left , Pederson scored , Muncy to second . Bellinger lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Davis homered to right ( 374 feet ) . Brantly grounded out to shortstop . Yastrzemski struck out swinging . Flores safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Turner . Sandoval grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Gausman pitching for Giants . Hernández struck out swinging . Seager doubled to deep center . Taylor walked . Pederson grounded out to second , Taylor to second , Seager to third . Smith grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Dickerson grounded out to pitcher . McCarthy struck out swinging . Dubon popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Gausman pitching for Giants . Betts grounded out to shortstop . Muncy doubled to deep right . Turner doubled to deep left , Muncy scored . Bellinger grounded out to second , Turner to third . Hernández fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Crawford singled to center . Davis flied out to right . Brantly popped out to third . Yastrzemski struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Gausman pitching for Giants . Seager reached on infield single to pitcher . Taylor reached on infield single to third , Seager to second , Seager safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Flores . Pederson lined out to second . Smith hit sacrifice fly to center , Seager scored . Taylor caught stealing second , catcher to second . Kevin Gausman pitches to Mookie Betts . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 6th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Flores reached on infield single to third . Sandoval grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Flores out at second . Dickerson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Gausman pitching for Giants . Betts lined out to center . Muncy homered to center ( 401 feet ) . Turner struck out swinging . Bellinger flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . McCarthy flied out to left . Dubon flied out to left . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Coonrod pitching for Giants . Hernández singled to center . Seager grounded out to first , Hernández to third . Taylor lined out to first . Pederson walked . Hernández scored on error by second baseman Dubon , Pederson stole third . Smith walked . Betts singled to left center , Pederson scored , Smith to third . Peralta pitching for Giants . Muncy grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 8th . McGee pitching for Dodgers . Davis flied out to center . Brantly grounded out to third . Yastrzemski walked . Flores grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Peralta pitching for Giants . Turner safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Peralta . Ríos ran for Turner . Bellinger grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ríos out at second . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bellinger safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Crawford . Seager walked , Hernández to second , Bellinger to third . Taylor reached on infield single to shortstop , Bellinger scored , Seager to second , Hernández to third . Barnes hit for Pederson . Barnes struck out swinging . Smith walked , Hernández scored , Taylor to second , Seager to third . Betts flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Ríos at third base . Gore in center field . Barnes as designated hitter . Floro pitching for Dodgers . Sandoval grounded out to pitcher . Dickerson struck out swinging . McCarthy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 1 - Dodgers 9 .	Muncy homers twice , leads Stripling , Dodgers over Giants 9 - 1