Tigers - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Sanchez singled to center. Vina hit by pitch, Sanchez to second. Rodriguez doubled to deep right center, Sanchez and Vina scored, Rodriguez thrown out at third. Young walked. White grounded into double play, second to first, Young out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Johnson hit by pitch. Catalanotto singled to center, Johnson to second. Wells flied out to right. Delgado grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Catalanotto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Pena grounded out to first. Guillen flied out to center. Higginson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Phelps flied out to right. Hinske struck out swinging. Hudson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Munson safe at first on error by shortstop Woodward. Sanchez sacrificed to first, Munson to second. Vina reached on infield single to third. Munson to third, Vina to second on wild pitch by Batista. Norton hit for Young. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Norton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Woodward grounded out to third. Cash grounded out to shortstop. Johnson walked. Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. White doubled to left. Pena grounded out to second, White to third. Guillen walked. Higginson singled to right, White scored, Guillen to third. Munson grounded out to first, Guillen scored, Higginson to second. Sanchez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Wells doubled to deep center. Delgado flied out to right, Wells to third. Phelps singled to left, Wells scored. Hinske doubled to deep right center, Phelps scored. Hudson fouled out to first. Woodward grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hinske out at home. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Vina singled to left. Rodriguez flied out to right. Vina caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Norton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Cash grounded out to pitcher. Johnson homered to left. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Wells grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. White doubled to left. Pena singled to right, White to third. Guillen singled to left, White scored, Pena to second. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Higginson walked, Pena to third, Guillen to second. Munson popped out to shortstop. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pena scored, Higginson out at second, Guillen to third. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Vina lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Delgado walked. Phelps grounded into double play, third to second to first, Delgado out at second. Hinske walked. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hinske out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez flied out to right. Norton flied out to center. White struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Woodward struck out swinging. Cash grounded out to second. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Pena lined out to first. Guillen homered to right. Adams pitching for Blue Jays. Higginson flied out to right. Munson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Infante at third base. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Catalanotto struck out looking. Wells doubled to deep right center. Delgado grounded out to shortstop, Wells to third. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Phelps struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Sanchez reached on bunt single to second. Sanchez caught stealing second, catcher to second. Vina grounded out to second. Rodriguez doubled to left. Monroe in left field. Norton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Hinske struck out swinging. Hudson struck out swinging. Woodward struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 7 - Blue Jays 3.	Bad with good: 2-0 Tigers lose Young to injury