Blue Jays - Top 1st. Lohse pitching for Twins. Clark doubled to deep right center. Catalanotto walked. Wells flied out to right. Delgado grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Catalanotto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Stewart struck out swinging. Mientkiewicz grounded out to first. Koskie fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Lohse pitching for Twins. Phelps grounded out to third. Hinske flied out to right. Hudson singled to right. Cash grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hudson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Hunter struck out swinging. Jones singled to right. Ford flied out to left. Blanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Lohse pitching for Twins. Woodward singled to left. Clark grounded out to second, Woodward to second. Catalanotto grounded out to second, Woodward to third. Wells grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Guzman singled to center. Punto popped out to second. Guzman caught stealing second, catcher to second. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Delgado popped out to third. Phelps flied out to center. Hinske grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Mientkiewicz walked. Koskie grounded out to catcher, Mientkiewicz to second. Hunter flied out to right. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. Cash grounded out to third. Woodward singled to right. Clark singled to center, Woodward to second, Woodward to third, Clark to second on throwing error by center fielder Hunter. Catalanotto fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Ford flied out to right. Blanco flied out to center. Guzman singled to right. Punto singled to right, Guzman to third. Guzman scored, Punto to second on wild pitch by Miller. Stewart singled to right, Punto scored. Mientkiewicz flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Wells singled to right. Delgado singled to right center, Wells to third. Phelps hit by pitch, Delgado to second. Hinske walked, Wells scored, Delgado to third, Phelps to second. Hudson grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Delgado out at home, Phelps to third, Hinske to second. Cash struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Koskie homered to right. Hunter singled to left. Nakamura pitching for Blue Jays. Jones singled to center, Hunter to second. Hunter stole third, Jones stole second. Ford grounded out to third. Blanco struck out looking. Fultz pitching for Twins. Guzman popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Johnson hit for Clark. Fultz pitching for Twins. Woodward singled to center. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Woodward out at second. Johnson in right field. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Catalanotto struck out looking, Johnson caught stealing second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Punto walked. Punto to second on wild pitch by Kershner. Punto to third on balk by Kershner. Stewart walked. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Mientkiewicz singled to right, Punto scored, Stewart to second. Koskie flied out to right, Stewart to third. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to second, Stewart scored, Mientkiewicz out at second. Hunter stole second. Romero pitching for Twins. Jones grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Romero pitching for Twins. Wells singled to left center. Delgado grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wells out at second. Phelps singled to right. Hinske singled to right, Phelps to second. Hudson walked, Phelps to third, Hinske to second. Rincon pitching for Twins. Cash doubled to left, Phelps, Hinske and Hudson scored. Woodward doubled to right, Cash scored. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Ford singled to center. Blanco sacrificed to pitcher, Ford to second. Ryan hit for Punto. Adams pitching for Blue Jays. Guzman intentionally walked. Ryan singled to center, Ford scored, Guzman to third. Stewart singled to center, Guzman scored, Ryan to second. Mientkiewicz grounded out to first, Ryan to third, Stewart to second. Ryan scored, Stewart to third on wild pitch by Adams. Koskie intentionally walked. Stewart scored, Koskie to second on wild pitch by Adams. Rivas at second base. Nathan pitching for Twins. Hunter grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Catalanotto walked. Wells struck out swinging. Catalanotto to second on wild pitch by Nathan. Delgado grounded out to second, Catalanotto to third. Phelps struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Twins 9.	In a pinch: Ryan's single helps Twins past Jays