Royals - Top 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Relaford flied out to left. Randa flied out to left. Beltran grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Royals. Johnson flied out to right. Catalanotto reached on infield single to pitcher, Catalanotto to third on throwing error by pitcher Anderson. Wells grounded out to shortstop, Catalanotto scored. Delgado lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Sweeney flied out to right. Stairs grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez singled to left. Harvey singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Berroa reached on infield single to third, Gonzalez to third, Harvey to second. Stinnett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Royals. Phelps flied out to right. Hinske singled to center. Cash doubled to deep center, Hinske scored. Hudson doubled to deep right center, Cash scored. Gomez singled to right, Hudson to third, Gomez to second advancing on throw. Johnson hit sacrifice fly to center, Hudson scored. Catalanotto safe at first on error by shortstop Berroa, Gomez to third. Wells homered to left, Gomez and Catalanotto scored. Delgado struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Relaford grounded out to pitcher. Randa struck out swinging. Beltran doubled to left. Sweeney flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Royals. Phelps doubled to deep right. Hinske flied out to center. Cash struck out swinging. Hudson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Stairs reached on infield single to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Harvey reached on infield single to third, Stairs to second. Berroa flied out to right. Stinnett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Royals. Gomez singled to left. Johnson grounded into double play, second to first, Gomez out at second. Catalanotto flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Relaford grounded out to third. Randa flied out to right. Beltran grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Royals. Wells homered to left. Delgado singled to center. Reyes pitching for Royals. Phelps homered to right, Delgado scored. Hinske reached on infield single to pitcher, Hinske to second on throwing error by pitcher Reyes. Cash struck out swinging. Hudson struck out swinging. Gomez grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 6th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Sweeney lined out to third. Stairs homered to center. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Harvey grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Reyes pitching for Royals. Johnson singled to right. Catalanotto flied out to center. Wells struck out swinging. Delgado flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Berroa grounded out to pitcher. Stinnett singled to center. Relaford singled to right, Stinnett to third. Randa singled to left, Stinnett scored, Relaford to second. Beltran singled to left, Relaford scored, Randa to second. Sweeney flied out to right, Randa to third. Stairs flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Reyes pitching for Royals. Phelps struck out swinging. Hinske struck out swinging. Cash walked. Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cash out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Harvey struck out looking. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Berroa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Gomez struck out looking. Johnson singled to right. Catalanotto lined out to second. Wells hit by pitch, Johnson to second. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Delgado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Stinnett struck out swinging. Relaford doubled to left. Randa struck out looking. Relaford to third on wild pitch by Kershner. Beltran popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 3 - Blue Jays 10.	Wells, Jays hammer Royals, still worst at home