Blue Jays - Top 1st. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Johnson singled to right. Catalanotto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. Wells safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Berroa. Delgado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 1st. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Berroa struck out swinging. Beltran homered to left. Sweeney walked. Gonzalez fouled out to third. Randa singled to left, Sweeney to second. Harvey struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Phelps grounded out to shortstop. Hinske flied out to left. Hudson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Santiago grounded out to first. Relaford grounded out to shortstop. Guiel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Zaun singled to right. Gomez walked, Zaun to second. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gomez out at second, Zaun to third. Catalanotto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Berroa popped out to second. Beltran walked. Sweeney singled to right, Beltran to third. Gonzalez popped out to second. Sweeney caught stealing second, catcher to second to first. Randa batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Wells singled to right. Delgado grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wells out at second. Phelps flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Randa singled to left. Harvey flied out to center. Santiago grounded into double play, third to second to first, Randa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Hinske walked. Hudson singled to right, Hinske to second. Zaun bunt popped into double play, pitcher to shortstop, Hinske out at second. Gomez singled to center, Hudson to third. Johnson singled to shallow right, Hudson scored, Gomez to third. Catalanotto doubled to left center, Gomez scored, Johnson to third. Wells walked. Delgado popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Relaford walked. Guiel flied out to center. Berroa doubled to center, Relaford to third, Relaford scored on error by second baseman Hudson. Beltran flied out to right, Berroa to third. Sweeney walked. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Phelps lined out to right. Hinske grounded out to second. Hudson singled to center. Zaun intentionally walked. Nakamura pitching for Blue Jays. Gomez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Zaun out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 6th. Nakamura pitching for Blue Jays. Randa struck out swinging. Harvey struck out looking. Santiago flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Catalanotto singled to right. Cerda pitching for Royals. Wells struck out swinging. Delgado walked, Catalanotto to second. Catalanotto to third, Delgado to second on passed ball by Santiago. Phelps intentionally walked. Hinske popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Nakamura pitching for Blue Jays. Relaford grounded out to pitcher. Guiel walked. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Berroa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guiel out at second. Beltran flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Cerda pitching for Royals. Hudson walked. Field pitching for Royals. Zaun singled to left, Hudson to third. Gomez singled to left, Hudson scored, Zaun to second. Johnson flied out to center. Catalanotto flied out to center, Zaun to third. Wells walked, Gomez to second. Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays. Delgado struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays. Sweeney grounded out to second. Gonzalez fouled out to pitcher. Randa reached on infield single to shortstop. Stairs hit for Santiago. Adams pitching for Blue Jays. Harvey singled to center, Randa to third. Stinnett catching. Stairs popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Field pitching for Royals. Phelps struck out swinging. Hinske flied out to center. Hudson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Adams pitching for Blue Jays. Relaford singled to center. Guiel grounded out to first, Relaford to second. Berroa grounded out to second, Relaford to third. Beltran walked. Sweeney doubled to left, Relaford and Beltran scored. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 3 - Royals 4.	Sweeney doubles KC's pleasure in the 9th