Blue Jays - Top 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Johnson struck out swinging. Menechino struck out swinging. Wells flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Damon walked. Bellhorn safe at first on error by second baseman Hudson, Damon to second. Ortiz hit ground rule double to right, Damon scored, Bellhorn to third. Ramirez struck out swinging. Daubach walked. Millar walked, Bellhorn scored, Ortiz to third, Daubach to second. Youkilis struck out swinging. Mirabelli grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Delgado grounded out to first. Phelps singled to center. Hinske grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Phelps out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Crespo grounded out to second. Damon singled to left center. Damon caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Bellhorn walked. Ortiz singled to right center, Bellhorn to third. Ramirez walked, Ortiz to second. Daubach struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Hudson grounded out to second. Pond flied out to center. Menechino at second base. Gomez at shortstop. Cash struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Millar walked. Youkilis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Millar out at second. Mirabelli singled to right, Youkilis to third. Crespo flied out to left. Damon singled to right center, Youkilis scored, Mirabelli to second. Bellhorn singled to right, Mirabelli scored, Damon to third, Bellhorn to second on error by catcher Cash. Ortiz doubled to deep right, Damon and Bellhorn scored. Ramirez fouled out to catcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Johnson hit by pitch. Johnson to second on wild pitch by Wakefield. Menechino walked. Wells singled to left, Johnson to third, Menechino to second. Delgado singled to center, Johnson and Menechino scored, Wells to second. Phelps grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Delgado out at second, Wells to third. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Hinske flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Daubach grounded out to second. Millar grounded out to third. Youkilis walked. Mirabelli grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Gomez flied out to center. Pond singled to right center. Cash flied out to right. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pond out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Crespo grounded out to shortstop. Damon struck out swinging. Bellhorn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Menechino safe at first on error by third baseman Youkilis. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to third, Menechino out at second. Delgado singled to center, Wells to second. Phelps grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Delgado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Ortiz grounded out to second. Ramirez walked. Daubach popped out to shortstop. Millar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Hinske grounded out to pitcher. Gomez singled to center. Pond struck out swinging. Nakamura pitching for Blue Jays. Cash grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Nakamura pitching for Blue Jays. Youkilis walked. Mirabelli walked, Youkilis to second. Crespo grounded into fielder's choice to first, Mirabelli out at second, Youkilis to third. Damon hit sacrifice fly to center, Youkilis scored, Crespo to second. Crespo to third on passed ball by Cash. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Bellhorn struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Johnson struck out swinging. Menechino safe at first on error by shortstop Crespo. Wells lined out to right. Menechino to second on fielder's indifference. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Ortiz flied out to left. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. McCarty at first base. Reese at shortstop. Kapler in right field. Crespo in left field. Daubach struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Phelps grounded out to third. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Hinske lined out to shortstop. Berg hit for Pond. Gomez walked. Berg struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 2 - Red Sox 7.	Wakefield, Ortiz help Red Sox sweep Blue Jays