Expos - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Wilkerson singled to right. Chavez walked, Wilkerson to second. Vidro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chavez out at second, Wilkerson to third. Johnson singled to left, Wilkerson scored. Cabrera singled to right, Johnson to second. Everett fouled out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Downs pitching for Expos. Menechino walked. Berg grounded into double play, third to second to first, Menechino out at second. Johnson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Batista walked. Schneider popped out to second. Batista caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Sledge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Downs pitching for Expos. Hinske safe at first on error by first baseman Johnson. Zaun grounded out to second, Hinske to second. Gomez walked. Hudson singled to left, Hinske scored, Gomez to third, Hudson to second advancing on throw. Phelps struck out swinging. Rios safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera, Gomez scored, Hudson to third. Menechino singled to left, Hudson scored, Rios to second. Menechino picked off first. Berg batting. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Expos - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Wilkerson bunt grounded out to second. Chavez fouled out to third. Vidro singled to left center. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Downs pitching for Expos. Berg grounded out to shortstop. Johnson reached on bunt single to third. Hinske grounded into fielder's choice to second, Johnson out at second. Zaun singled to left center, Hinske to third. Gomez singled to left, Hinske scored, Zaun to second. Hudson walked, Zaun to third, Gomez to second. Vargas pitching for Expos. Phelps singled to center, Zaun and Gomez scored, Hudson to third, Hudson scored, Phelps to second on throwing error by center fielder Chavez. Rios struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Expos - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera lined out to second. Everett singled to left center. Batista flied out to center. Schneider singled to right, Everett to second. Sledge singled to left, Everett scored, Schneider to second. Rivera in center field. Wilkerson flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Expos. Menechino homered to right. Berg struck out swinging. Johnson homered to left. Hinske struck out swinging. Zaun doubled to deep right. Zaun to third on wild pitch by Vargas. Gomez lined out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Rivera flied out to right. Vidro homered to right. Johnson struck out swinging. Carroll at second base. Fox at shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Expos. Hudson singled to center. Phelps struck out looking. Rios fouled out to right. Menechino walked, Hudson to second. Berg struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Everett flied out to left. Batista grounded out to shortstop. Diaz catching. Schneider grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Vargas pitching for Expos. Johnson struck out looking. Hinske grounded out to second. Zaun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 7th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Sledge struck out looking. Wilkerson grounded out to second. Tucker pitching for Expos. Rivera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Gomez flied out to right. Hudson walked. Phelps grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hudson out at second. File pitching for Blue Jays. Rios flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 8th. File pitching for Blue Jays. Carroll doubled to shallow right. Johnson walked. Fox grounded into fielder's choice to second, Johnson out at second, Carroll to third. Everett hit sacrifice fly to center, Carroll scored. Batista safe at second on error by shortstop Menechino, Fox scored. Batista to third on wild pitch by File. Diaz grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Menechino grounded out to third. Berg grounded out to second. Johnson singled to left. Johnson stole second. Hinske singled to shallow center, Johnson scored. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Zaun grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 9th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Sledge grounded out to second. Wilkerson flied out to left. Rivera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Expos 5 - Blue Jays 10.	Montreal miscues aid Blue Jays' victory