Mariners - Top 1st. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki doubled to right. Winn grounded out to second, Suzuki to third. Boone reached on infield single to third. Martinez doubled to deep right center, Suzuki scored, Boone to third. Olerud hit sacrifice fly to left, Boone scored. Aurilia struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Gomez doubled to right. Hudson walked. Johnson hit by pitch, Gomez to third, Hudson to second. Delgado fouled out to third. Zaun struck out swinging. Hinske grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Leone reached on infield single to shortstop. Wilson reached on infield single to pitcher, Leone to second. Bloomquist sacrificed to third, Leone to third, Wilson to second. Suzuki intentionally walked. Winn singled to right, Leone and Wilson scored, Suzuki to third. Boone lined out to third. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Winn out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Rios grounded out to third. Phelps singled to center. Berg singled to center, Phelps to second. Gomez singled to left center, Phelps to third, Berg to second. Hudson struck out swinging. Johnson hit by pitch, Phelps scored, Berg to third, Gomez to second. Delgado fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Olerud flied out to left. Aurilia flied out to right. Leone reached on infield single to second. Leone stole second. Wilson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Zaun doubled to right. Hinske grounded out to first, Zaun to third. Rios singled to left center, Zaun scored. Rios stole second. Phelps flied out to right. Berg grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Bloomquist grounded out to first. Suzuki singled to right, Suzuki to second on error by right fielder Rios. Winn reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki to third. Boone flied out to right, Suzuki tagged out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Gomez singled to right center. Hudson flied out to center. Gomez picked off first. Johnson popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Martinez struck out looking. Olerud grounded out to shortstop. Aurilia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Delgado singled to center. Zaun flied out to center. Hinske singled to right, Delgado to second. Rios singled to center, Delgado to third, Hinske to second. Phelps tripled to deep center, Delgado, Hinske and Rios scored. Berg hit sacrifice fly to center, Phelps scored. Gomez grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Leone flied out to center. Wilson singled to center. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at second. Suzuki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Villone pitching for Mariners. Hudson walked. Johnson walked, Hudson to second. Delgado flied out to center. Zaun lined out to third. Hinske walked, Hudson to third, Johnson to second. File pitching for Blue Jays. Rios struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. File pitching for Blue Jays. Winn doubled to left. Boone grounded out to first, Winn to third. Martinez singled to center, Winn scored. Olerud walked, Martinez to second. Aurilia grounded into double play, third to second to first, Olerud out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Villone pitching for Mariners. Phelps hit by pitch. Berg grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phelps out at second. Gomez lined out to shortstop. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Hudson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Leone hit by pitch. Hansen hit for Bloomquist. Wilson sacrificed to third, Leone to second. Hansen singled to center, Leone scored. Bocachica ran for Hansen. Suzuki flied out to center. Winn homered to right, Bocachica scored. Winn in left field. Bocachica in center field. Boone struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Myers pitching for Mariners. Johnson grounded out to third. Delgado struck out swinging. Zaun singled to shallow left. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Woodward ran for Zaun. Hinske singled to left, Zaun to second. Cash catching. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Rios flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Martinez flied out to center. Olerud grounded out to shortstop. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Aurilia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Phelps struck out swinging. Berg homered to left. Gomez singled to right. Hudson struck out looking. Johnson singled to right, Gomez to second. Delgado homered to right, Gomez and Johnson scored. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 8 - Blue Jays 10.	Jays mop up M's with Delgado's 3-run HR