Orioles - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Newhan flied out to center. Mora reached on infield single to second. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mora out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Rios singled to left. Rios stole second. Hudson struck out looking. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rios out at third. Delgado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Palmeiro singled to left. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Palmeiro out at second. Surhoff walked. Gibbons singled to right, Surhoff to third. Hairston Jr grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gibbons out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Hinske singled to right. Zaun grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hinske out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts grounded out to third. Newhan grounded out to second. Mora flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Gross grounded out to second. Woodward struck out looking. Rios struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada walked. Palmeiro grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Tejada out at second. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Hudson struck out looking. Wells singled to center. Delgado grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wells out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Surhoff grounded out to second. Gibbons grounded out to second. Hairston Jr walked. Roberts hit ground rule double to deep right center, Hairston Jr to third. Newhan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto singled to right. Hinske grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Catalanotto out at second. Zaun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Mora grounded out to shortstop. Tejada walked. Palmeiro singled to right, Tejada to second. Lopez flied out to right. Surhoff grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Gross grounded out to shortstop. Woodward struck out swinging. Rios walked. Hudson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Gibbons grounded out to second. Hairston Jr walked. Hairston Jr stole second. Roberts hit ground rule double to deep right center, Hairston Jr scored. Frederick pitching for Blue Jays. Newhan singled to center, Roberts scored. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Newhan out at second. Tejada singled to left, Mora to second. Palmeiro grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Wells doubled to deep center. Menechino hit for Catalanotto. Delgado flied out to center, Wells to third. Menechino struck out looking. Douglass pitching for Blue Jays. Hinske struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Douglass pitching for Blue Jays. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Surhoff struck out swinging. Bigbie ran for Gibbons. Gibbons walked. Grimsley pitching for Orioles. Hairston Jr popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Grimsley pitching for Orioles. Zaun flied out to left. Gross grounded out to first. Woodward grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Douglass pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts singled to left center. Newhan singled to center, Roberts to third. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to first, Roberts scored, Newhan out at second. Tejada struck out swinging, Mora stole second, Mora to third on throwing error by catcher Zaun. Palmeiro intentionally walked. Lopez singled to left, Mora scored, Palmeiro to third. Julio pitching for Orioles. Surhoff grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Julio pitching for Orioles. Rios struck out swinging. Hudson struck out looking. Wells popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 4 - Blue Jays 0.	Nesting comfortably: Ponson shuts out Jays