Orioles - Top 1st. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts struck out looking. Newhan flied out to left. Mora doubled to deep center. Tejada popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Rios singled to right. Hudson flied out to center. Wells struck out swinging, Rios stole second. Delgado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Palmeiro singled to left. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Palmeiro out at second. Gibbons grounded out to pitcher, Lopez to second. Bigbie singled to right, Lopez scored, Bigbie to second advancing on throw. Hairston Jr grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto doubled to deep right. Hinske safe at first on error by first baseman Palmeiro, Catalanotto to third. Zaun fouled out to catcher. Gross doubled to right, Catalanotto scored, Hinske to third. Gomez walked. Rios grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gomez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 3rd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Hudson. Newhan flied out to left. Mora walked, Roberts to second. Tejada grounded out to third, Roberts to third, Mora to second. Palmeiro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Hudson hit ground rule double to deep center. Wells grounded out to second, Hudson to third. Delgado doubled to deep left center, Hudson scored. Catalanotto lined out to center. Hinske grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Gibbons fouled out to catcher. Bigbie reached on infield single to second. Bigbie caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Hairston Jr batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Zaun doubled to deep right. Gross grounded out to second, Zaun to third. Gomez singled to right, Zaun scored. Rios struck out looking. Gomez caught stealing second, catcher to second to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Hairston Jr hit by pitch. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hairston Jr out at second. Newhan grounded out to first, Roberts to second. Mora grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Hudson doubled to deep left center. Wells grounded out to second, Hudson to third. Menechino hit for Catalanotto. Delgado walked. Menechino struck out swinging. Hinske singled to right, Hudson scored, Delgado to third. Delgado scored, Hinske to second on wild pitch by Parrish. Zaun grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Palmeiro flied out to left. Lopez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Gross walked. Gomez struck out looking. Rios flied out to center. Hudson safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada, Gross to second. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 7th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Gibbons struck out swinging. Bigbie singled to right. Hairston Jr struck out swinging. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts doubled to deep center, Bigbie scored. Newhan struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Delgado homered to right. Groom pitching for Orioles. Menechino walked. Hinske struck out swinging. Zaun singled to right, Menechino to second. Gross popped out to third. Gomez singled to center, Menechino scored, Zaun to second. Rios grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Mora grounded out to third. Tejada flied out to right. Palmeiro struck out swinging. Delgado singled to left center. Menechino singled to right, Delgado to third. Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays. Hinske grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays. Lopez popped out to first. Gibbons grounded out to second. Bigbie struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 2 - Blue Jays 7.	Blue Jay Towers over ex-teammates