Blue Jays - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Adams homered to right. Hudson flied out to center. Wells popped out to second. Delgado singled to right. Rios flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter grounded out to third. Rodriguez walked. Williams grounded out to pitcher, Rodriguez to second. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Hinske grounded out to second. Menechino struck out swinging. Gross walked. Quiroz popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Posada singled to left. Sierra grounded into double play, third to second to first, Posada out at second. Olerud lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Adams grounded out to second. Hudson grounded out to pitcher. Wells doubled to left. Delgado intentionally walked. Rios walked, Wells to third, Delgado to second. Hinske singled to left, Wells scored, Delgado to third, Rios to second. Menechino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hinske out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Cairo lined out to second. Lofton safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Adams. Jeter grounded out to third. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Gross struck out looking. Quiroz singled to center. Adams flied out to center. Hudson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Williams singled to right. Matsui flied out to left. Posada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Williams out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Wells doubled to deep left. Delgado struck out swinging. Rios singled to right, Wells scored. Hinske flied into double play, right to first, Rios doubled off first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Sierra flied out to center. Olerud grounded out to second. Cairo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Menechino singled to right. Gross grounded out to second, Menechino to second. Quiroz grounded out to third. Adams flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Lofton walked. Jeter singled to right, Lofton to third. Rodriguez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lofton scored, Jeter out at second. Williams grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Hudson doubled to deep center. Wells grounded out to shortstop, Hudson to third. Delgado intentionally walked. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hudson scored, Delgado out at second. Hinske grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Matsui flied out to left. Posada flied out to center. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Sierra popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Menechino reached on infield single to third. Gross singled to right, Menechino to third. Quiroz grounded out to second, Gross to second. Adams singled to center, Menechino and Gross scored. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Hudson hit ground rule double to deep left, Adams to third. Nitkowski pitching for Yankees. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Adams out at home, Hudson to third. Delgado flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Olerud walked. Cairo safe at second on error by third baseman Hinske, Olerud to third. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Lofton hit by pitch. Jeter flied out to right. Rodriguez singled to left, Olerud and Cairo scored, Lofton to second. Williams walked, Lofton to third, Rodriguez to second. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Matsui grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Lofton out at home. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Rios struck out swinging. Hinske grounded out to second. Menechino popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Posada singled to right center. Sierra struck out swinging. Olerud flied out to left. Posada to second on fielder's indifference. Clark hit for Lofton. Cairo walked. Crosby ran for Clark. Clark singled to right, Posada to third, Cairo to second. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Yankees 3.	Go for the Gusto: Jays rookie downs Yanks