Rays - Top 1st. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Jennings grounded out to third. Fuld struck out looking. Zobrist flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Kinsler walked. Andrus struck out looking. Kinsler caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop to first to second. Berkman walked. Beltre doubled to left, Berkman scored. Murphy popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Longoria walked. Joyce singled to right, Longoria to second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Joyce out at second, Longoria to third, Longoria scored, Escobar to second on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler. Loney flied out to right, Escobar to third. Molina flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Cruz flied out to center. Pierzynski safe at first on error by second baseman Zobrist. Moreland reached on infield single to first, Pierzynski to second. Gentry grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moreland out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Top 3rd. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Johnson walked. Jennings grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. Fuld grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jennings out at second. Zobrist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Andrus lined out to right. Berkman walked. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to third, Berkman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Longoria singled to right. Joyce grounded out to first, Longoria to second. Escobar struck out swinging. Loney fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Murphy lined out to center. Cruz lined out to center. Pierzynski homered to right (373 feet). Moreland homered to right (425 feet). Gentry flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Molina grounded out to third. Johnson grounded out to first. Jennings flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Hellickson pitching for Rays. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Andrus singled to center. Berkman grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Andrus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Fuld grounded out to shortstop. Zobrist walked. Longoria singled to center, Zobrist to second. Ortiz pitching for Rangers. Joyce grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Longoria out at second, Zobrist to third. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Joyce out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Gomes pitching for Rays. Beltre lined out to left. Murphy popped out to first. Cruz popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Roberts hit for Loney. Ortiz pitching for Rangers. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Molina struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Roberts at first base. Ramos pitching for Rays. Pierzynski singled to left. Moreland singled to right, Pierzynski to second. Farnsworth pitching for Rays. Gentry bunted into fielder's choice to third, Moreland out at second, Pierzynski to third. Gentry stole second. Kinsler popped out to third. Andrus singled to center, Pierzynski and Gentry scored, Andrus to second advancing on throw. Berkman walked. Beltre lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Kirkman pitching for Rangers. Jennings walked. Rodriguez hit for Fuld. Rodriguez flied out to left. Zobrist singled to left, Jennings to second. Longoria singled to left, Jennings to third, Zobrist to second. Duncan hit for Joyce. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Duncan walked, Jennings scored, Zobrist to third, Longoria to second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Zobrist scored, Duncan out at second, Longoria to third. Roberts struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez in left field. Zobrist in right field. Duncan at first base. Roberts at second base. Wright pitching for Rays. Murphy flied out to right. Cruz struck out looking. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Rangers. Molina singled to center. Johnson fouled out to third. Molina stole second. Jennings grounded out to second, Molina to third. Rodriguez singled to center, Molina scored. Zobrist struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 4 - Rangers 5.	Ump's flub helps Rangers edge Rays