Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Lopez singled to center . Drew flied out to right . Upton struck out looking . Reynolds singled to center , Lopez to second , Lopez to third on error by center fielder Rasmus . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker singled to right . Rasmus grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Schumaker out at second . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Parra grounded out to first . Young struck out swinging . Whitesell grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Ludwick grounded out to third . Duncan struck out swinging . Molina reached on infield single to shortstop . Thurston singled to right , Molina to second . Carpenter grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Thurston out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Garland singled to right . Lopez singled to left , Garland to second . Drew bunt popped out foul to catcher . Upton struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Ryan flied out to right . Schumaker struck out looking . Rasmus lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Montero singled to center . Parra grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Montero out at second . Young singled to left . Whitesell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols homered to right . Ludwick flied out to right . Duncan walked . Molina singled to right , Duncan to third . Molina to second on wild pitch by Garland . Thurston struck out swinging . Carpenter grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Garland grounded out to third . Lopez walked . Drew struck out looking . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Ryan flied out to right . Schumaker grounded out to third . Rasmus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds singled to right . Reynolds picked off first . Montero struck out swinging . Parra grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols homered to left . Ludwick flied out to right . Duncan struck out looking . Molina singled to left . Thurston struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Young hit by pitch . Whitesell flied out to left . Romero hit for Garland . Romero grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Schoeneweis pitching for Diamondbacks . Carpenter struck out swinging . Ryan walked . Schumaker singled to right , Ryan to third . Rasmus struck out swinging . Pujols intentionally walked , Schumaker to second . Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Ludwick singled to right , Ryan and Schumaker scored , Pujols to third . Duncan flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Ankiel in left field . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Lopez grounded out to third . Drew lined out to second . Upton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina singled to center . Thurston sacrificed to catcher , Molina to second . Stavinoha hit for Carpenter . Stavinoha homered to left , Molina scored . Ryan struck out looking . Schumaker singled to right . Rasmus reached on infield single to shortstop , Schumaker to second . Pujols flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds struck out swinging . Montero homered to left . Parra grounded out to first . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Cardinals 6 .	Carpenter , Pujols star as Cards roll D - backs