Cardinals - Top 1st . Happ pitching for Phillies . Lugo flied out to center . DeRosa lined out to left . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Rollins grounded out to first . Victorino grounded out to first . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Happ pitching for Phillies . Holliday reached on infield single to third . Holliday stole second . Ludwick grounded out to shortstop , Holliday to third . Molina struck out swinging . Ankiel singled to left center , Holliday scored . Ryan singled to right , Ankiel to third . Pineiro struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Howard struck out swinging . Ibanez grounded out to first . Werth walked . Feliz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Happ pitching for Phillies . Lugo struck out swinging . DeRosa struck out swinging . Pujols fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Ruiz reached on infield single to shortstop . Happ sacrificed to catcher , Ruiz to second . Rollins grounded out to second , Ruiz to third . Victorino flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Happ pitching for Phillies . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Ludwick reached on infield single to third . Molina flied out to center . Ankiel grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Utley struck out swinging . Howard doubled to deep left center . Ibanez grounded out to second , Howard to third . Werth fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Happ pitching for Phillies . Ryan flied out to right . Pineiro struck out swinging . Lugo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . Ruiz singled to center . Happ struck out bunting foul . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ruiz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Happ pitching for Phillies . DeRosa singled to left . Pujols singled to right center , DeRosa to second . Holliday singled to right , DeRosa scored , Pujols to third . Ludwick singled to left , Pujols scored , Holliday thrown out at third , Ludwick to second advancing on throw . Molina singled to center , Ludwick scored . Ankiel doubled to deep center , Molina scored , Ankiel to third advancing on throw . Ryan fouled out to first . Pineiro struck out looking . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Victorino doubled to deep right . Utley grounded out to first . Howard grounded out to second , Victorino to third . Ibanez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Walker pitching for Phillies . Stairs in left field . Lugo tripled to deep right center . DeRosa hit sacrifice fly to left , Lugo scored . Pujols walked . Holliday doubled to deep center , Pujols to third . Ludwick grounded out to third . Molina walked . Ankiel reached on infield single to third , Pujols scored , Holliday to third , Molina to second . Ryan flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Werth singled to center . Feliz singled to left , Werth to second . Ruiz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Feliz out at second , Werth to third . Werth scored on McClellan 's wild pitch . Stairs walked . Stairs to second on fielder 's indifference . Rollins struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Carpenter pitching for Phillies . Rasmus hit for McClellan . Rasmus grounded out to first . Lugo homered to left . DeRosa struck out swinging . Pujols flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Victorino singled to left . Utley lined out to center . Howard singled to center , Victorino to second . Mayberry hit for Carpenter . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Mayberry struck out swinging . Werth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Holliday reached on infield single to second . Ludwick struck out looking . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . Ruiz hit by pitch . Stairs grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ruiz safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Pujols . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Stairs out at second , Ruiz to third . Rollins to second on fielder 's indifference . Victorino grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Phillies 1 .	Holliday has 4 hits , RBI in debut with Cardinals