Cardinals - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Phillies . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . Lugo singled to center . Pujols flied out to left . Lugo stole second . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Rollins lined out to second . Victorino reached on infield single to third . Utley walked , Victorino to second . Howard struck out looking . Ibanez singled to center , Victorino scored , Utley to third . Werth walked , Ibanez to second . Feliz singled to left center , Utley and Ibanez scored , Werth to third . Ruiz flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Phillies . Ludwick homered to left . Ankiel grounded out to first . DeRosa doubled to deep left . Molina popped out to third . Lohse grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Lopez fouled out to first . Rollins grounded out to first . Victorino walked . Victorino stole second . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Phillies . Schumaker popped out to shortstop . Lugo singled to left . Pujols grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lugo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Howard struck out swinging . Ibanez singled to center . Werth flied out to center . Feliz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Phillies . Holliday doubled to deep left center . Ludwick singled to right center , Holliday to third . Ankiel grounded out to first , Holliday scored , Ludwick to second on throwing error by first baseman Howard . DeRosa walked . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , DeRosa out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Ruiz popped out to second . Lopez grounded out to third . Rollins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Rasmus hit for Lohse . Lopez pitching for Phillies . Rasmus popped out to second . Schumaker doubled to deep right . Lugo doubled to deep right , Schumaker scored . Pujols flied out to left . Holliday flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Victorino singled to center . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Victorino out at second . Howard lined into double play , to first , Utley doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Phillies . Ludwick struck out swinging . Ankiel homered to right . DeRosa singled to center . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeRosa out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Ibanez struck out swinging . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Werth walked . Feliz singled to right , Werth to second . Ruiz flied out to right . Dobbs hit for Lopez . Dobbs walked , Werth to third , Feliz to second . Rollins homered to right , Werth , Feliz and Dobbs scored . Victorino homered to right . Utley doubled to right . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Howard grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Park pitching for Phillies . Stavinoha hit for Reyes . Stavinoha grounded out to shortstop . Schumaker safe at first on error by first baseman Howard . Lugo struck out looking . Pujols singled to center , Schumaker to second . Holliday doubled to deep left , Schumaker scored , Pujols to third . Ludwick struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Ibanez struck out swinging . Werth singled to center . Feliz hit by pitch , Werth to second . Werth stole third . Ruiz singled to left , Werth scored , Feliz to second . Stairs hit for Park . Stairs grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ruiz out at second , Feliz to third . Rollins doubled to deep right , Feliz scored , Stairs to third . Victorino singled to right , Stairs and Rollins scored . Utley walked , Victorino to second . Schumaker in right field . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Thurston at second base . Howard doubled to deep right center , Victorino and Utley scored . Ibanez grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Bruntlett at second base . Register pitching for Phillies . Mayberry in left field . Ankiel doubled to deep right center . DeRosa flied out to left . LaRue hit for Molina . LaRue hit by pitch . Thurston struck out looking , Ankiel stole third , LaRue stole second . Schumaker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . LaRue catching . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Werth grounded out to third . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . Ruiz lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Register pitching for Phillies . Lugo tripled to deep center . Pujols grounded out to shortstop , Lugo scored . Holliday walked . Ryan hit for Thompson . Ryan lined out to third . Ankiel singled to left , Holliday to third . DeRosa popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Phillies 14 .	Phillies slam Cardinals