Dodgers - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Furcal lined out to right . Hudson struck out swinging . Ramirez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Ryan . Ethier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Schumaker struck out swinging . DeRosa struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Blake grounded out to second . Loney grounded out to shortstop . Martin singled to center . Kemp singled to left , Martin to third . Billingsley grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kemp out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Holliday lined out to left . Ludwick lined out to third . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Furcal singled to left . Hudson popped out to shortstop . Ramirez struck out swinging . Ethier doubled to left , Furcal to third . Blake grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Molina grounded out to third . Ryan walked . Wainwright grounded out to pitcher , Ryan to second . Schumaker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Loney singled to center . Martin grounded into double play , third to second to first , Loney out at second . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . DeRosa popped out to second . Pujols flied out to center . Holliday singled to left . Ludwick walked , Holliday to second . Rasmus flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Billingsley grounded out to shortstop . Furcal singled to center . Hudson struck out swinging , Furcal stole second . Ramirez walked . Ethier grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Molina struck out swinging . Ryan grounded out to shortstop . Wainwright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Blake popped out to second . Loney doubled to left . Martin reached on infield single to second , Loney to third . Kemp flied out to right . Billingsley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Schumaker walked . DeRosa bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Schumaker out at second . Pujols walked , DeRosa to second . DeRosa to third , Pujols to second on wild pitch by Billingsley . Holliday intentionally walked . Ludwick singled to center , DeRosa and Pujols scored , Holliday to second . Rasmus grounded out to first , Holliday to third , Ludwick to second . Molina singled to center , Holliday and Ludwick scored . Molina to second on wild pitch by Billingsley . Ryan intentionally walked . Wainwright singled to left , Molina scored , Ryan to second . Vargas pitching for Dodgers . Schumaker singled to center , Ryan scored , Wainwright to third . DeRosa struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to second . Ramirez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Vargas pitching for Dodgers . Pujols struck out swinging . Holliday struck out swinging . Ludwick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Ethier lined out to shortstop . Blake grounded out to shortstop . Loney grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Vargas pitching for Dodgers . Rasmus walked . Molina singled to right , Rasmus to second . Ryan grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Molina out at second , Rasmus to third . Thurston hit for Wainwright . Leach pitching for Dodgers . Stavinoha hit for Thurston . Stavinoha doubled to left , Rasmus scored . Stavinoha to third on wild pitch by Leach . Schumaker walked . DeRosa homered to right , Stavinoha and Schumaker scored . Pujols walked . Loretta pitching for Dodgers . Holliday hit by pitch , Pujols to second . Ludwick flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Pierre hit for Martin . Pierre reached on infield single to pitcher . Kemp popped out to first . Loretta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pierre out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 0 - Cardinals 10 .	Wainwright stellar as Cards blank Dodgers