Padres - Top 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Gwynn grounded out to first . Cabrera popped out to third . Gonzalez singled to right . Headley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Ryan reached on infield single to shortstop . Ryan caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Lugo walked . Pujols flied out to right . Holliday singled to left , Lugo to second . Ludwick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . Blanks struck out swinging . Blanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . DeRosa doubled to deep left . Molina walked . Rasmus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at second , DeRosa to third . DeRosa caught stealing home , catcher to third to first , Rasmus to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Lohse grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Richard struck out swinging . Gwynn singled to left . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Ryan walked . Lugo sacrificed to third , Ryan to second . Ryan to third on wild pitch by Richard . Pujols singled to deep center , Ryan scored advancing on play . Pujols out stretching at second . Holliday grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez homered to right center . Headley walked . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Blanks reached on infield single to pitcher , Headley to second . Blanco singled to right , Headley scored , Blanks to second . Blanks to third , Blanco to second on wild pitch by Lohse . Rodriguez intentionally walked . Richard hit sacrifice fly to left , Blanks scored . Gwynn struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Ludwick singled to deep right . DeRosa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ludwick out at second . Molina walked , DeRosa to second . Rasmus struck out swinging . Lohse singled to right , DeRosa scored , Molina to third . Ryan walked , Lohse to second . Lugo walked , Molina scored , Lohse to third , Ryan to second . Mujica pitching for Padres . Pujols grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera reached on bunt single to catcher . Cabrera stole second , Cabrera safe at third on throwing error by catcher Molina . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cabrera out at home . Headley flied out to right . Kouzmanoff popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Holliday flied out to center . Ludwick fouled out to right . DeRosa singled to center . Molina doubled to deep center , DeRosa scored . Rasmus intentionally walked . Lohse grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Blanks doubled to deep left . Blanco singled to center , Blanks to third . Rodriguez singled to right , Blanks scored , Blanco to third . Salazar hit for Perdomo . Salazar hit sacrifice fly to center , Blanco scored . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Rodriguez stole second . Gwynn flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Burke pitching for Padres . Ryan singled to right . Lugo grounded out to third , Ryan to second . Pujols struck out swinging . Holliday flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez singled to left center . Headley singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Kouzmanoff grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Headley out at second , Gonzalez to third . Blanks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Ludwick flied out to center . DeRosa struck out swinging . Molina walked . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Blanco flied out to center . Rodriguez flied out to left . Eckstein hit for Gregerson . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Adams pitching for Padres . Eckstein at second base . Schumaker hit for Hawksworth . Schumaker grounded out to pitcher . Ankiel hit for Ryan . Ankiel singled to left center . Lugo flied out to center . Pujols walked , Ankiel to second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Ankiel in left field . Lugo at shortstop . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Schumaker at second base . Gwynn struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to third . Gonzalez doubled to deep right . Headley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Bell pitching for Padres . Blanks in left field . Venable in right field . Ludwick singled to center . DeRosa grounded out to pitcher , Ludwick to second . Molina singled to center , Ludwick scored . Rasmus homered to right , Molina scored . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 5 - Cardinals 7 .	Rasmus ' HR off Bell caps Cards ' rally vs. Padres