Marlins - Top 1st . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Coghlan singled to left . Johnson flied out to center . Coghlan to second on wild pitch by Wellemeyer . Ramirez struck out swinging . Cantu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Schumaker singled to center . Lugo popped out to second . Pujols doubled to left , Schumaker to third . Holliday singled to right , Schumaker and Pujols scored . Rasmus singled to left center , Holliday to third , Rasmus to second advancing on throw . Ludwick singled to center , Holliday and Rasmus scored . DeRosa flied out to center . LaRue grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Uggla singled to right center . Baker walked , Uggla to second . Ross singled to right , Uggla scored , Baker to second . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ross out at second , Baker to third . Nolasco struck out bunting foul . Coghlan flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Wellemeyer singled to left center . Schumaker grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Wellemeyer out at second . Lugo flied out to left . Pujols singled to left , Schumaker to second . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Johnson doubled to deep right . Ramirez singled to center , Johnson to third . Cantu grounded into double play , third to second to first , Johnson scored , Ramirez out at second . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Rasmus flied out to left . Ludwick struck out swinging . DeRosa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Baker singled to left . Ross popped out to shortstop . Maybin singled to left , Baker to second . Nolasco sacrificed to pitcher , Baker to third , Maybin to second . Coghlan tripled to right , Baker and Maybin scored . Johnson homered to right , Coghlan scored . Ramirez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . LaRue struck out swinging . Greene hit for Wellemeyer . Greene singled to right . Schumaker singled to right , Greene to third . Lugo tripled to deep right center , Greene and Schumaker scored . Pujols hit sacrifice fly to right , Lugo scored . Holliday lined out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Cantu struck out swinging . Uggla struck out swinging . Baker walked . Ross flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Rasmus lined out to center . Ludwick struck out swinging . DeRosa safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Uggla . LaRue fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 6th . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Maybin grounded out to third . Sanchez hit for Nolasco . Sanchez singled to left . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Coghlan grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sanchez out at second . Coghlan picked off first . Johnson batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Donnelly pitching for Marlins . Ryan hit for Reyes . Ryan reached on infield single to third . Schumaker singled to center , Ryan to third . Lugo struck out swinging . Pujols hit by pitch , Schumaker to second . Holliday grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Ryan at shortstop . Johnson struck out swinging . Ramirez struck out swinging . Cantu singled to left . Uggla walked , Cantu to second . Baker flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Rasmus reached on infield single to shortstop . Ludwick flied out to right . DeRosa safe at first on error by third baseman Cantu , Rasmus to second . LaRue grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , DeRosa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 8th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Ross popped out to second . Maybin struck out swinging . Gload hit for Pinto . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Helms hit for Gload . Helms grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Ryan walked . Ryan stole second . Schumaker walked . Wainwright hit for Miller . Ryan caught stealing third , catcher to third , Schumaker to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Thurston struck out swinging . Pujols intentionally walked . Holliday doubled to deep left , Schumaker scored , Pujols to third . Rasmus homered to right , Pujols and Holliday scored . Wood pitching for Marlins . Ludwick singled to center . DeRosa singled to left , Ludwick to second . LaRue struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Coghlan popped out to shortstop . Johnson struck out looking . Ramirez walked . Cantu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - Cardinals 11 .	Rasmus , Holliday star as Cardinals slug out win