Angels - Top 1st. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Figgins grounded out to first. Cabrera reached on infield single to second. Anderson struck out looking. Guerrero homered to left, Cabrera scored. Rivera flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Colon pitching for Angels. Suzuki struck out swinging. Lopez struck out swinging. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Erstad popped out to shortstop. Kotchman grounded out to first. Molina singled to center. Kennedy lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Colon pitching for Angels. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. Beltre grounded out to third. Everett flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Figgins flied out to right. Cabrera singled to center. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera out at second. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Anderson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Colon pitching for Angels. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. Reed struck out swinging. Betancourt lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Erstad hit ground rule double to deep right. Kotchman singled to center, Erstad scored, Kotchman thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Molina doubled to deep right. Kennedy grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Colon pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to third. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop. Ibanez reached on infield single to pitcher, Lopez to second. Sexson flied out to center, Lopez to third. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Figgins flied out to left. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Colon pitching for Angels. Everett fouled out to third. Johjima homered to right. Reed hit ground rule double to deep left. Reed to third on wild pitch by Colon. Betancourt singled to center, Reed scored. Suzuki singled to right, Betancourt to third. Lopez singled to right, Betancourt scored, Suzuki to third, Lopez thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Ibanez walked. Sexson flied out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Guerrero singled to left. Rivera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guerrero out at second. Erstad grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Colon pitching for Angels. Beltre safe at first on error by second baseman Kennedy. Everett singled to left, Beltre to second. Romero pitching for Angels. Johjima hit by pitch, Beltre to third, Everett to second. Reed struck out swinging. Betancourt flied out to left. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Everett out at third, Johjima to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 7th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Kotchman flied out to right. Molina grounded out to second. Kennedy walked. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Figgins singled to left, Kennedy to second. Kennedy to third, Figgins to second on wild pitch by Soriano. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Romero pitching for Angels. Lopez grounded out to third. Shields pitching for Angels. Ibanez grounded out to first. Sexson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Anderson flied out to left. Guerrero lined out to second. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Rivera singled to left. Erstad struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Beltre lined out to right. Everett fouled out to third. Johjima flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Izturis ran for Kotchman. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Kotchman walked. Salmon hit for Kennedy. Putz pitching for Mariners. Molina sacrificed to pitcher, Izturis to second. Salmon grounded out to shortstop, Izturis to third. Figgins walked. Figgins stole second. Cabrera singled to center, Izturis and Figgins scored. Cabrera stole second. Izturis at second base. Quinlan at first base. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Anderson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Petagine hit for Betancourt. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Reed struck out swinging. Petagine homered to right. Suzuki struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Mariners 4.	Ninth-inning Cabrera single rallies Angels past M's