Angels - Top 1st. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Figgins reached on infield single to shortstop. Figgins caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cabrera singled to left. Guerrero homered to center, Cabrera scored. Rivera grounded out to third. Kennedy walked. Quinlan struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Furcal singled to center. Furcal caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Cruz Jr reached on infield single to third. Garciaparra fouled out to catcher. Cruz Jr stole second. Drew struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Sele pitching for Dodgers. McPherson singled to right center. Napoli doubled to left, McPherson to third. Weaver grounded out to shortstop. Figgins flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Kent grounded out to third. Aybar grounded out to first. Ethier singled to left center. Martin doubled to deep left, Ethier scored. Sele grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Guerrero singled to center. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guerrero out at second. Kennedy struck out swinging. Quinlan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Furcal batting. Cruz Jr batting. Garciaparra batting. Drew batting. Kent batting. Aybar fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 4th. Sele pitching for Dodgers. McPherson flied out to right. Napoli flied out to right. Weaver grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Ethier singled to right. Martin struck out swinging. Sele sacrificed to third, Ethier to second. Furcal singled to right, Ethier scored. Cruz Jr singled to center, Furcal to third. Garciaparra grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cruz Jr out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Figgins flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Drew grounded out to second. Kent walked. Aybar safe at first on error by third baseman McPherson, Kent to second. Ethier singled to center, Kent to third, Aybar to second. Yan pitching for Angels. Martin singled to right, Kent scored, Aybar to third, Ethier to second. Sele grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Martin out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Rivera grounded out to third. Kennedy grounded out to second. Quinlan lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Yan pitching for Angels. Furcal struck out swinging, Furcal safe at first on wild pitch by Yan. Cruz Jr fouled out to third. Garciaparra doubled to deep left, Furcal to third. Drew intentionally walked. Kent hit by pitch, Furcal scored, Garciaparra to third, Drew to second. Romero pitching for Angels. McPherson at first base. Alfonzo at third base. Aybar doubled to right, Garciaparra and Drew scored, Kent to third. Ethier singled to right, Kent scored, Aybar to third. Saenz hit for Sele. Martin singled to left, Aybar scored, Ethier to second. Saenz singled to right, Ethier scored, Martin to third. Furcal tripled to deep right, Martin and Saenz scored. Cruz Jr struck out swinging. Garciaparra reached on infield single to shortstop, Furcal scored. Drew reached on infield single to first, Garciaparra to second. Kent singled to right, Garciaparra to third, Drew to second. Martinez at shortstop. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Saenz at first base. Aybar grounded out to second. 9 Runs, 9 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. McPherson struck out swinging. Napoli struck out swinging. Alfonzo safe at first on error by first baseman Saenz. Aybar hit for Cabrera. Figgins singled to left, Alfonzo to second. Aybar at shortstop. Murphy in right field. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Aybar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Ethier homered to left center. Martin fouled out to first. Saenz singled to left. Martinez struck out swinging. Hamulack pitching for Dodgers. Robles at second base. Cruz Jr struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Hamulack pitching for Dodgers. Murphy struck out looking. Rivera grounded out to third. Salmon hit for Donnelly. Kennedy walked. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Salmon grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Robles singled to center. Alomar Jr hit for Hamulack. Drew hit ground rule double to deep left, Robles to third. Alomar Jr struck out swinging. Aybar reached on infield single to first, Robles scored, Drew to third. Ethier hit sacrifice fly to center, Drew scored. Carter pitching for Dodgers. Martin grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Carter pitching for Dodgers. McPherson singled to right. Napoli singled to left, McPherson to third, Napoli out stretching at second. Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop, McPherson scored. Figgins singled to center. Aybar grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 3 - Dodgers 16.	Rookie gets five of Dodgers' 25 hits in rout of Angels