Angels - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Figgins doubled to left. Cabrera lined out to center. Guerrero popped out to shortstop. Anderson walked. Napoli singled to right, Figgins scored, Anderson to third. Morales walked, Napoli to second. Izturis walked, Anderson scored, Napoli to third, Morales to second. Kennedy walked, Napoli scored, Morales to third, Izturis to second. Santana struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Counsell grounded out to third. DaVanon grounded out to second. Gonzalez walked. Tracy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera homered to left center. Guerrero grounded out to pitcher. Anderson flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Jackson walked. Green lined into double play, to first, Jackson doubled off first. Estrada singled to right. Hudson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Napoli homered to left. Morales grounded out to second. Izturis grounded out to third. Kennedy lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Angels. En Gonzalez singled to center. Counsell struck out looking. DaVanon walked, En Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, DaVanon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Santana struck out swinging. Figgins grounded out to second. Cabrera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Angels. Tracy homered to right. Jackson singled to left center. Green singled to center, Jackson to second. Estrada grounded into fielder's choice to first, Green out at second, Jackson to third. Clark hit for En Gonzalez. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jackson out at home, Estrada to second. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Guerrero homered to left. Anderson flied out to left. Napoli walked. Morales struck out swinging. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Napoli out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Angels. Counsell flied out to left. DaVanon walked. Gonzalez singled to right, DaVanon to third. Tracy walked, Gonzalez to second. Jackson walked, DaVanon scored, Gonzalez to third, Tracy to second. Green popped out to second. Estrada flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Kennedy lined out to first. Santana singled to center. Figgins grounded out to first, Santana to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Green hit for Aquino. Santana pitching for Angels. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. Green popped out to third. Counsell singled to left. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. DaVanon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Guerrero grounded out to third. Anderson doubled to deep right. Napoli walked. Morales walked, Anderson to third, Napoli to second. Izturis singled to right, Anderson and Napoli scored, Morales to third. Salmon hit for Santana. Kennedy hit sacrifice fly to center, Morales scored. Romero pitching for Angels. Salmon struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Romero pitching for Angels. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Tracy grounded out to second. Jackson singled to right. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Figgins flied out to left. Cabrera fouled out to first. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Guerrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Estrada singled to center. Byrnes hit for Medders. Hudson fouled out to third. Byrnes flied out to center. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Counsell popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Anderson flied out to center. Napoli singled to left. Gregg pitching for Angels. Murphy in left field. Morales grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Napoli out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Gregg pitching for Angels. DaVanon struck out looking. Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop. Tracy struck out swinging. Jackson popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 8 - Diamondbacks 2.	Angels hand reeling Diamondbacks fourth straight loss