Angels - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Izturis walked. Izturis to second on wild pitch by Batista. Kennedy grounded out to first, Izturis to third. Izturis scored on Batista's wild pitch. Cabrera flied out to center. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Escobar pitching for Angels. Counsell grounded out to second. DaVanon struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center. Tracy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Salmon walked. Salmon to second on wild pitch by Batista. Morales grounded out to first, Salmon to third. Murphy sacrificed to pitcher, Salmon scored. Molina struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Jackson singled to left. Green singled to center, Jackson to third. Hudson singled to center, Jackson scored, Green to second. Snyder walked, Green to third, Hudson to second. Batista singled to left, Green scored, Hudson to third, Snyder to second. Counsell singled to right, Hudson scored, Snyder to third, Batista to second. DaVanon hit sacrifice fly to left, Snyder scored. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Tracy grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Escobar struck out looking. Izturis grounded out to first. Kennedy singled to right. Kennedy caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cabrera batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Jackson doubled to left. Green flied out to left, Jackson to third. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jackson out at home. Hudson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Snyder batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera walked. Guerrero popped out to third. Salmon singled to right, Cabrera to third. Morales singled to right, Cabrera scored, Salmon to third. Murphy doubled to left, Salmon scored, Morales to third. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to second, Morales out at home, Murphy to third. Escobar struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Snyder walked. Batista struck out swinging. Counsell fouled out to catcher. DaVanon walked, Snyder to second. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Izturis flied out to left. Kennedy grounded out to first. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Tracy walked. Jackson singled to center, Tracy to second. Green struck out swinging. Hudson homered to right, Tracy and Jackson scored. Snyder walked. Romero pitching for Angels. Batista sacrificed to first, Snyder to second. Counsell doubled to right, Snyder scored. DaVanon lined out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Guerrero reached on infield single to third. Salmon grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Guerrero out at second. Morales homered to right. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Romero pitching for Angels. Gonzalez walked. Tracy grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. Jackson singled to right. Figgins hit for Molina. Green grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Napoli hit for Romero. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Figgins tripled to deep right. Napoli grounded out to third, Figgins scored. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Gregg pitching for Angels. Figgins at second base. Napoli catching. Kennedy flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Hudson grounded out to third. Green hit for Batista. Snyder struck out swinging. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Green struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera singled to center. Guerrero struck out swinging. Cabrera stole second. Aybar ran for Salmon. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Salmon walked. Aybar at second base. Figgins in left field. Morales lined into double play, second to first, Aybar doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Counsell grounded out to first. DaVanon singled to right. DaVanon stole second, DaVanon safe at third on throwing error by catcher Napoli. Gonzalez walked. Tracy hit sacrifice fly to left, DaVanon scored. Julio pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark at first base. Jackson flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Julio pitching for Diamondbacks. Murphy struck out looking. Figgins walked. Figgins stole second. Figgins to third on wild pitch by Julio. Figgins scored on Julio's wild pitch. Napoli walked. Anderson hit for Gregg. Izturis lined out to left. Napoli to second on fielder's indifference. Anderson flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 7 - Diamondbacks 9.	Hudson (4 RBI) helps D-backs snap five-game skid