Devil Rays - Top 1st. Colon pitching for Angels. Lugo reached on infield single to shortstop. Crawford singled to shallow left, Lugo to second. Baldelli lined out to center. Cantu flied out to center, Lugo to third. Branyan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Figgins bunt grounded out to pitcher. Izturis singled to left. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Izturis out at second. Cabrera to second on balk by Fossum. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Colon pitching for Angels. Gomes walked. Lee walked, Gomes to second. Navarro sacrificed to pitcher, Gomes to third, Lee to second. Perez hit sacrifice fly to center, Gomes scored. Lugo lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Rivera struck out swinging. Anderson walked. Quinlan flied out to center. Kendrick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Colon pitching for Angels. Crawford flied out to center. Baldelli grounded out to third. Cantu singled to center. Branyan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Molina singled to center. Figgins struck out looking. Izturis lined out to left. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Colon pitching for Angels. Gomes lined out to third. Lee struck out swinging. Navarro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Guerrero doubled to deep left. Rivera grounded out to third. Anderson flied out to left. Guerrero caught stealing third, catcher to third. Quinlan batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Colon pitching for Angels. Perez singled to center. Lugo sacrificed to first, Perez to second. Crawford doubled to left, Perez scored. Baldelli singled to left, Crawford scored, Baldelli to second on throwing error by left fielder Rivera. Cantu struck out swinging. Branyan struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 5th. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Quinlan safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo. Norton at first base. Tampa Bay's Lee ejected by Foster in the 5th. Molina singled to center, Quinlan scored, Kendrick scored, Molina to second on error by center fielder Baldelli. Figgins sacrificed to pitcher, Molina to third. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at home. Izturis caught stealing second, pitcher to second. Cabrera batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Colon pitching for Angels. Gomes lined out to second. Norton singled to center. Norton caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Navarro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Cabrera doubled to deep left center. Guerrero intentionally walked. Cabrera stole third, Guerrero stole second. Rivera walked. Anderson struck out swinging. Quinlan singled to left, Cabrera and Guerrero scored, Rivera out at home. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Kendrick doubled to deep center, Quinlan scored. Romero pitching for Angels. Molina popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Romero pitching for Angels. Perez singled to center. Lugo doubled to deep center, Perez scored, Lugo to third on error by center fielder Figgins. Shields pitching for Angels. Crawford grounded out to second. Baldelli flied out to center. Cantu singled to left, Lugo scored. Cantu to second on wild pitch by Shields. Hollins in right field. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Branyan struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 7th. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Figgins safe at first on error by second baseman Cantu. Figgins to second on wild pitch by Lugo. Izturis grounded out to second, Figgins to third. Figgins caught stealing home, to catcher. Cabrera walked. Guerrero singled to right, Cabrera to third. Rivera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Gomes grounded out to third. Norton fouled out to third. Harville pitching for Devil Rays. Navarro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Aybar ran for Anderson. Murphy hit for Quinlan. Harville pitching for Devil Rays. Anderson singled to center. Aybar to second on wild pitch by Harville. Murphy struck out swinging. Kendrick singled to left, Aybar scored. Molina doubled to deep right, Kendrick scored. Figgins grounded out to second, Molina to third. Morales at first base. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Izturis bunt grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Perez struck out swinging. Lugo struck out looking. Crawford flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 5 - Angels 7.	Kendrick makes first start, lifts Angels to 11th win in 12