Indians - Top 1st. Moseley pitching for Angels. Sizemore singled to right. Michaels singled to right, Sizemore to second. Hafner struck out looking. Martinez lined out to third. Belliard singled to left, Sizemore scored, Michaels to second. Broussard flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Figgins struck out looking. Izturis doubled to left. Cabrera flied out to left. Guerrero singled to shallow center, Izturis scored. Anderson homered to right, Guerrero scored. Napoli walked. Rivera flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Moseley pitching for Angels. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Hollandsworth singled to left. Vazquez struck out looking. Sizemore singled to center, Hollandsworth to second. Michaels popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Morales singled to right. Kennedy flied out to left. Figgins singled to right, Morales to second. Izturis reached on infield single to first, Morales to third, Figgins to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Moseley pitching for Angels. Hafner homered to right. Martinez singled to shallow left. Belliard lined out to second. Broussard singled to right, Martinez to second. Peralta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Broussard out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Guerrero singled to shallow left. Anderson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Guerrero out at second. Napoli safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Vazquez. Rivera doubled to deep center, Napoli scored. Morales singled to right, Rivera scored. Kennedy grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 4th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Hollandsworth doubled to right center. Vazquez grounded out to second, Hollandsworth to third. Sizemore flied out to center. Michaels homered to left, Hollandsworth scored. Hafner grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Figgins bunt grounded out to third. Izturis singled to left. Cabrera homered to left center, Izturis scored. Guerrero flied out to center. Mujica pitching for Indians. Anderson reached on infield single to second. Napoli fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Martinez flied out to left. Belliard flied out to right. Broussard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Mujica pitching for Indians. Rivera doubled to shallow left. Morales flied out to center. Kennedy singled to center, Rivera scored, Kennedy thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Figgins singled to right. Figgins caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Izturis batting. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Peralta struck out swinging. Hollandsworth grounded out to first. Vazquez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Mujica pitching for Indians. Izturis grounded out to first. Cabrera flied out to left. Guerrero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Sizemore flied out to left. Michaels struck out swinging. Hafner flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Mujica pitching for Indians. Anderson popped out to shortstop. Napoli fouled out to first. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Martinez singled to shallow left. Belliard doubled to left center, Martinez to third. Shields pitching for Angels. Broussard grounded out to first, Martinez scored, Belliard to third. Peralta flied out to right. Perez pitching for Indians. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Perez pitching for Indians. Morales lined out to shortstop. Kennedy struck out swinging, Kennedy safe at first on wild pitch by Perez. Figgins walked, Kennedy to second. Mota pitching for Indians. Izturis singled to left, Kennedy scored, Figgins to second. Figgins stole third, Izturis stole second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Figgins out at home, Izturis to third. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Guerrero reached on infield single to third, Izturis scored, Cabrera tagged out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Vazquez struck out looking. Sizemore struck out swinging. Michaels grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 5 - Angels 10.	Halos double up on Tribe for 7th straight win