Angels - Top 1st. Wang pitching for Yankees. Figgins homered to right. Kendrick reached on infield single to third. Cabrera singled to right, Kendrick to third. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kendrick out at home, Cabrera to second. Rivera singled to right, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to second. Kennedy singled to center, Guerrero scored, Rivera to second. Quinlan reached on infield single to pitcher, Rivera to third, Kennedy to second. Pride grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Quinlan out at second. 3 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Damon struck out swinging. Jeter walked. Abreu struck out swinging, Jeter stole second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Napoli struck out swinging. Figgins grounded out to first. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Giambi reached on infield single to third. Posada struck out swinging. Cano grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Giambi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Cabrera singled to left. Guerrero singled to center, Cabrera to second. Rivera grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Guerrero out at second, Cabrera to third. Kennedy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Wilson grounded out to third. Cabrera struck out looking. Damon walked. Jeter walked, Damon to second. Abreu lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Quinlan lined out to right. Pride struck out swinging. Napoli flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Rodriguez struck out looking. Giambi flied out to left. Posada struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Figgins singled to left. Kendrick grounded out to third, Figgins to second. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. Guerrero intentionally walked. Figgins stole third, Guerrero stole second. Rivera singled to left, Figgins scored, Guerrero to third. Kennedy lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Cano grounded out to second. Wilson homered to left. Cabrera flied out to left. Damon struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Quinlan singled to right center. Pride grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Quinlan out at second. Napoli walked, Pride to second. Figgins singled to right, Pride to third, Napoli to second. Villone pitching for Yankees. Kendrick singled to left center, Pride scored, Napoli to third, Figgins to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guerrero flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Jeter singled to center. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jeter out at second. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Rivera lined out to left. Kennedy walked. Kennedy caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Quinlan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Giambi flied out to right. Posada popped out to shortstop. Cano flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Pride flied out to center. Napoli struck out swinging. Veras pitching for Yankees. Figgins walked. Kendrick singled to left center, Figgins to third. Shields pitching for Angels. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera flied out to left. Damon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Veras pitching for Yankees. Guerrero singled to right. Guerrero caught stealing second, catcher to second. Rivera flied out to right. Kennedy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Shields pitching for Angels. Jeter struck out looking. Abreu struck out swinging. Rodriguez homered to left. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Giambi homered to center. Posada flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Yankees 3.	Dream Weaver: Halos rookie beats Yanks, now 8-0