Angels - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. Kendrick hit by pitch. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kendrick out at second. Cabrera stole second, Cabrera safe at third on throwing error by catcher Posada. Guerrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Damon popped out to shortstop. Jeter struck out swinging. Abreu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Rivera singled to center. Salmon flied out to left. Quinlan flied out to center. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Giambi hit ground rule double to deep center. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Cano walked. Posada singled to center, Giambi thrown out at home, Cano to second. Wilson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Willits lined out to shortstop. Figgins struck out swinging. Kendrick singled to left. Kendrick stole second. Cabrera fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Cabrera doubled to deep right center. Damon grounded out to first, Cabrera to third. Jeter homered to center, Cabrera scored. Abreu flied out to left. Giambi lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Guerrero singled to left center. Rivera lined out to center. Salmon struck out swinging. Quinlan popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Rodriguez walked. Cano singled to right, Rodriguez to second. Posada grounded into double play, second to shortstop to third, Cano out at second, Rodriguez out at third, Posada to first. Wilson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Molina struck out swinging. Willits struck out swinging. Figgins walked. Kendrick singled to right, Figgins to third. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Cabrera singled to center. Damon lined into double play, right to first, Cabrera doubled off first. Jeter hit ground rule double to right. Abreu walked. Giambi grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Rivera singled to center. Salmon grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rivera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Rodriguez popped out to second. Cano struck out swinging. Posada singled to right. Wilson singled to left, Posada to second. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Quinlan struck out swinging. Molina doubled to deep left center. Willits grounded out to second, Molina to third. Figgins singled to center, Molina scored. Kendrick doubled to deep right center, Figgins scored. Cabrera grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Damon singled to left. Jeter reached on bunt single to third, Damon to second. Abreu sacrificed to pitcher, Damon to third, Jeter to second. Giambi intentionally walked. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to right, Damon scored, Jeter to third. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Cano flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Guerrero grounded out to third. Pride hit for Salmon. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Pride struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Posada homered to right. Wilson singled to center. Cabrera reached on bunt single to third, Wilson to second. Damon walked, Wilson to third, Cabrera to second. Romero pitching for Angels. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at home, Cabrera to third, Damon to second. Abreu reached on infield single to second, Cabrera scored, Damon to third, Jeter to second. Giambi hit sacrifice fly to right, Damon scored, Jeter to third. Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop, Jeter scored, Abreu to second. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Cano grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Quinlan singled to center. Quinlan to second on fielder's indifference. Molina grounded out to third. Willits bunt grounded out to third, Quinlan to third. Figgins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 2 - Yankees 7.	Johnson reaches K mark, helps Yankees KO Angels