Angels - Top 1st. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Figgins popped out to second. Izturis popped out to third. Cabrera singled to left. Guerrero singled to left, Cabrera to second. Anderson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Kinsler walked. Young walked, Kinsler to second. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to first, Young out at second, Kinsler to third, Kinsler scored on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera. Teixeira grounded into double play, third to first to shortstop to third to first to shortstop, Lee out at second, Lee out at third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 2nd. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Rivera flied out to right. Kendrick struck out swinging. Kennedy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. DeRosa walked. DeRosa to second on balk by Saunders. Laird bunt popped out to pitcher. Blalock flied out to right, DeRosa to third. Hairston Jr grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Molina struck out looking. Figgins popped out to first. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop. Kinsler homered to center, Cruz scored. Young struck out looking. Lee singled to center. Teixeira walked, Lee to second. DeRosa singled to left, Lee scored, Teixeira to second. Laird singled to left, Teixeira to third, DeRosa to second. Blalock grounded into fielder's choice to first, Teixeira out at home, DeRosa to third, Laird to second. Gregg pitching for Angels. Hairston Jr walked, DeRosa scored, Laird to third, Blalock to second. Cruz homered to left center, Laird, Blalock and Hairston Jr scored. Kinsler singled to right. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kinsler out at second. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Cabrera grounded out to third. Guerrero struck out swinging. Anderson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Lee struck out looking. Teixeira struck out swinging. DeRosa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Rivera struck out swinging. Kendrick flied out to right. Kennedy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Laird fouled out to first. Blalock flied out to left. Hairston Jr reached on infield single to second. Cruz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Molina struck out swinging. Figgins walked. Izturis homered to right, Figgins scored. Cabrera grounded out to third. Guerrero grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Kinsler lined out to left. Young singled to right center. Lee fouled out to first. Guzman in center field. Hairston Jr in left field. Teixeira grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Anderson flied out to center. Rivera lined out to center. Kendrick singled to right. Kennedy walked, Kendrick to second. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Gregg pitching for Angels. DeRosa popped out to shortstop. Laird flied out to left. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Blalock grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Figgins doubled to center. Izturis singled to right, Figgins scored. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Izturis out at second. Guerrero singled to center. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Guerrero out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Hairston Jr grounded out to second. Cruz struck out swinging. Kinsler doubled to left. Donnelly pitching for Angels. La Angels's Gregg ejected by Holbrook in the 8th. Romero pitching for Angels. La Angels's Donnelly ejected by Holbrook in the 8th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Rivera grounded out to third. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Willits ran for Kennedy. Texas's Manager Showalter ejected by Holbrook in the 9th. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 3 - Rangers 9.	Bench-clearing melee mars Texas' win vs. Angels