White Sox - Top 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Podsednik singled to left. Iguchi grounded out to third, Podsednik to second. Dye struck out swinging. Thome flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Izturis singled to right. Cabrera flied out to left. Izturis caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Guerrero walked. Rivera homered to left, Guerrero scored. Anderson singled to left. Quinlan grounded into fielder's choice to second, Anderson out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Konerko fouled out to first. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Crede singled to center. Mackowiak grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Molina grounded out to third. Kendrick grounded out to third. Figgins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Santana pitching for Angels. Uribe grounded out to second. Podsednik grounded out to first. Iguchi struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to third. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Santana pitching for Angels. Dye struck out looking. Thome singled to left. Konerko grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Thome out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Anderson flied out to center. Quinlan singled to center. Molina singled to right, Quinlan to second. Kendrick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Santana pitching for Angels. Pierzynski safe at first on error by second baseman Kendrick. Crede singled to center, Pierzynski to second. Mackowiak singled to left, Pierzynski scored, Crede to second. Uribe sacrificed to pitcher, Crede to third, Mackowiak to second. Podsednik walked. Iguchi singled to left, Crede and Mackowiak scored, Podsednik to second. Podsednik caught stealing third, catcher to third, Iguchi to second on runner's fielder's choice. Dye lined out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Figgins popped out to second. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Santana pitching for Angels. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko struck out looking. Pierzynski grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Guerrero doubled to deep center. Rivera grounded out to first, Guerrero to third. Anderson singled to left center, Guerrero scored. Quinlan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Anderson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Santana pitching for Angels. Crede flied out to left. Mackowiak lined out to right. Uribe popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Molina popped out to second. Kendrick doubled to deep right. Figgins struck out swinging. Shields pitching for Angels. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Podsednik grounded out to pitcher. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop. Hermanson pitching for White Sox. Dye grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Hermanson pitching for White Sox. Cabrera doubled to deep left center. Guerrero intentionally walked. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Rivera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guerrero out at second, Cabrera to third. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Anderson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Thome grounded out to third. Owens ran for Konerko. Konerko walked. Pierzynski singled to deep right, Owens to third. Crede struck out swinging. Gload at first base. Anderson in center field. Mackowiak grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Quinlan struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick singled to center. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 10th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Uribe lined out to left. Podsednik grounded out to second. Iguchi lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 10th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Izturis grounded out to second. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Cabrera singled to left. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Jenks. Guerrero intentionally walked. Rivera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Guerrero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 11th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Dye grounded out to shortstop. Thome grounded out to shortstop. Gload doubled to right. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 11th. Murphy ran for Anderson. Willits hit for Quinlan. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Anderson singled to right. Kennedy hit for Molina. Willits sacrificed to first, Murphy to second. Kennedy intentionally walked. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kennedy out at second, Murphy to third. Figgins singled to center, Murphy scored, Kendrick to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 3 - Angels 4.	Figgins' walk-off hit pulls Angels closer in AL West