Yankees - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Royals . Gardner singled to left . Sánchez lined out to center . Holliday struck out swinging . Castro doubled to deep right , Gardner scored . Judge struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Moustakas flied out to right . Cain singled to right . Cain stole second . Cain to third on wild pitch by Pineda . Hosmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Royals . Headley fouled out to first . Gregorius flied out to right . Hicks struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Pérez flied out to left . Soler grounded out to second . Moss flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Royals . Carter fouled out to first . Gardner flied out to center . Sánchez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . Gordon walked . Escobar grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Vargas pitching for Royals . Holliday fouled out to third . Castro doubled to center . Judge walked . Headley flied out to center . Gregorius singled to right , Castro scored , Judge to third . Hicks homered to left ( 396 feet ) , Judge and Gregorius scored . Carter singled to center . Gardner tripled to deep right , Carter scored . Sánchez walked . Holliday struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Moustakas singled to right . Cain grounded into double play , third to second to first , Moustakas out at second . Hosmer singled to right center . Pérez homered to center ( 444 feet ) , Hosmer scored . Soler struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Moylan pitching for Royals . Castro reached on infield single to second . Judge walked , Castro to second . Headley singled to shallow left , Castro scored , Judge to second . Gregorius singled to center , Judge scored , Headley to second . Hicks walked , Headley to third , Gregorius to second . Carter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Headley scored , Hicks out at second , Gregorius to third . Gardner hit sacrifice fly to left , Gregorius scored , Carter to second . Sánchez singled to left , Carter out at home , Sánchez to second advancing on throw . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Moss flied out to left . Merrifield homered to left center ( 428 feet ) . Gordon struck out swinging . Escobar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Cuthbert at second base . Merrifield in left field . Gordon in center field . Maness pitching for Royals . Holliday singled to right . Castro flied out to center . Judge singled to left center , Holliday to second . Headley struck out swinging . Gregorius lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Moustakas hit by pitch . Cuthbert struck out swinging . Hosmer walked , Moustakas to second . Pérez flied out to right , Moustakas to third . Soler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Butera catching . Wood pitching for Royals . Hicks singled to right . Carter struck out looking . Gardner grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hicks out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Moss singled to left . Merrifield safe at first , Moss to 2nd on fielding error by third baseman Headley , Moss to 3rd on throwing error by third baseman Headley . Layne pitching for Yankees . Gordon flied out to left . Warren pitching for Yankees . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center , Moss scored . Moustakas batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Wood pitching for Royals . Sánchez singled to center . Holliday singled to left , Sánchez to third . Castro walked , Holliday to second . Judge struck out looking . Headley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sánchez scored , Castro out at second , Holliday to third . Gregorius grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Torreyes at second base . Warren pitching for Yankees . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer grounded out to second . Butera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Alburquerque pitching for Royals . Hicks grounded out to first . Carter struck out swinging . Gardner grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Gallegos pitching for Yankees . Soler singled to left . Moss struck out swinging . Merrifield flied out to center . Gordon singled to right , Soler to second . Escobar reached on infield single to third , Soler to third , Gordon to second . Moustakas singled to left , Soler scored , Gordon to third , Escobar to second . Cuthbert singled to center , Gordon and Escobar scored , Moustakas to second . Betances pitching for Yankees . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 11 - Royals 7 .	Yankees tee off on Jason Vargas in 11 - 7 romp over Royals