Royals - Top 1st . Salazar pitching for Indians . Escobar safe at first on error by second baseman Kipnis . Moustakas singled to deep right , Escobar to second . Cain walked , Escobar to third , Moustakas to second . Hosmer struck out swinging . Pérez hit sacrifice fly to right , Escobar scored . Moustakas to third , Cain to second on wild pitch by Salazar . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 1st . Cuthbert at first base . Vargas pitching for Royals . Kipnis struck out swinging . Lindor homered to left ( 401 feet ) . Brantley singled to right . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brantley out at second . Encarnación flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Salazar pitching for Indians . Moss flied out to left . Merrifield walked . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Merrifield out at second . Escobar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Royals . Ramírez flied out to center . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . Jackson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Salazar pitching for Indians . Moustakas singled to left . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Moustakas out at second . Cuthbert singled to center , Cain to second . Pérez lined into double play , third to second , Cain doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Royals . Robertson reached on bunt single to pitcher . Robertson to second on wild pitch by Vargas . Kipnis singled to center , Robertson scored . Lindor struck out swinging . Brantley flied out to left . Santana flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Moss walked . Merrifield reached on infield single to pitcher , Moss to second . Gordon grounded into double play , third to second to first , Merrifield out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Royals . Encarnación singled to center . Ramírez singled to right , Encarnación to second . Gomes popped out to shortstop . Jackson flied out to right . Robertson walked , Encarnación to third , Ramírez to second . Kipnis popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Moustakas struck out swinging . Cain singled to center . Cuthbert grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Royals . Lindor grounded out to third . Brantley singled to center . Santana flied out to center . Encarnación singled to left , Brantley to third . Ramírez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Pérez flied out to center . Bonifacio doubled to left center . Moss walked . Merrifield walked , Bonifacio to third , Moss to second . Logan pitching for Indians . Gordon singled to center , Bonifacio scored , Moss to third , Merrifield to second . Goody pitching for Indians . Escobar doubled to center , Moss and Merrifield scored , Gordon to third . Moustakas intentionally walked . Cain struck out swinging . Cuthbert struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Vargas pitching for Royals . Gomes walked . Jackson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gomes out at second . Robertson reached on infield single to shortstop . Strahm pitching for Royals . Kipnis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Goody pitching for Indians . Pérez flied out to center . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Moss flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Strahm pitching for Royals . Lindor walked . Brantley struck out swinging . Santana walked , Lindor to second . Moylan pitching for Royals . Encarnación grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Otero pitching for Indians . Merrifield struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to third . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Soria pitching for Royals . Ramírez grounded out to pitcher . Gomes struck out swinging . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Armstrong pitching for Indians . Moustakas homered to center ( 409 feet ) . Cain struck out swinging . Cuthbert singled to center . Pérez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cuthbert out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Zimmer hit for Robertson . Herrera pitching for Royals . Zimmer struck out swinging . Kipnis struck out swinging . Lindor doubled to right . Brantley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 5 - Indians 2 .	Escobar , Moustakas lead Royals past Indians 5 - 2