Royals - Top 1st . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop . Cain flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Duffy pitching for Royals . Kipnis singled to shallow center . Robertson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kipnis out at second . Brantley grounded into double play , third to second to first , Robertson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Hosmer doubled to left . Pérez lined out to third . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop , Hosmer to third . Moss flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Santana flied out to center . Encarnación flied out to left . Ramírez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Merrifield flied out to right . Gordon grounded out to second . Escobar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Jackson singled to right . Pérez walked , Jackson to second . González sacrificed to third , Jackson to third , Pérez to second . Kipnis singled to center , Jackson scored , Pérez to third . Robertson popped out to shortstop . Brantley singled to left , Pérez scored , Kipnis to second . Santana lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Moustakas popped out to third . Cain singled to left . Hosmer lined into double play , to first , Cain doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Encarnación struck out swinging . Ramírez singled to shallow left . Jackson doubled to deep right center , Ramírez scored . Pérez walked . González struck out swinging . Kipnis walked , Jackson to third , Pérez to second . Robertson lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Pérez struck out swinging . Bonifacio homered to left ( 413 feet ) . Moss flied out to right . Merrifield singled to center . Merrifield stole second . Gordon grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Brantley reached on infield single to first . Brantley stole second . Brantley to third on wild pitch by Duffy . Santana singled to center , Brantley scored . Encarnación singled to left , Santana to second . Maness pitching for Royals . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Encarnación out at second , Santana to third . Ramírez stole second . Jackson hit sacrifice fly to center , Santana scored , Ramírez to third . Pérez singled to shallow right , Ramírez scored . González grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pérez out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Escobar lined out to second . Moustakas flied out to left . Cain lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Almonte pitching for Royals . Kipnis doubled to deep center . Zimmer hit for Robertson . Zimmer doubled to right , Kipnis scored . Brantley flied out to right , Zimmer to third . Santana singled to right , Zimmer scored . Encarnación walked , Santana to second . Ramírez singled to right , Santana to third , Encarnación to second . Jackson hit sacrifice fly to center , Santana scored . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Encarnación out at third , Ramírez to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Zimmer in center field . Jackson in right field . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . Pérez singled to center . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Moss grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Soler in left field . Butera catching . Gordon in center field . Wood pitching for Royals . González struck out looking . Kipnis homered to right ( 394 feet ) . Zimmer lined out to left . Brantley singled to center . Santana singled to left , Brantley to second . Encarnación flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Merrifield flied out to center . Gordon grounded out to second . Escobar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Wood pitching for Royals . Ramírez doubled to left . Jackson struck out looking . Pérez grounded out to shortstop , Ramírez to third . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Moustakas lined out to third . Soler struck out swinging . Hosmer doubled to left . Butera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 1 - Indians 10 .	Kipnis , Tomlin lead Indians past Royals 10 - 1