Royals - Top 1st . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Merrifield popped out to third . Cain grounded out to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Jones lined out to left . Machado doubled to right . Schoop singled to right center , Machado scored . Davis singled to center , Schoop to third . Mancini doubled to left , Schoop scored , Davis to third . Beckham grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis out at home . Smith struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Hosmer reached on infield single to pitcher . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hosmer out at second . Moustakas grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pérez out at second . Moss popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Castillo flied out to center . Rickard fouled out to first . Jones singled to left . Machado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Escobar flied out to right . Gordon singled to center . Gordon stole second , Gordon safe at third on throwing error by catcher Castillo . Merrifield singled to left , Gordon scored . Cain lined out to right . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Merrifield out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Schoop flied out to center . Davis grounded out to first . Mancini walked . Beckham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Hosmer grounded out to second . Pérez grounded out to catcher . Moustakas walked . Moss struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Smith hit by pitch . Castillo grounded out to pitcher , Smith to second . Rickard grounded out to pitcher , Smith to third . Jones singled to left , Smith scored . Machado reached on infield single to shortstop , Jones tagged out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . Gordon lined out to right . Merrifield flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Schoop singled to right . Alexander pitching for Royals . Davis struck out swinging . Mancini struck out swinging . Beckham reached on infield single to shortstop , Schoop to second . Smith doubled to deep left center , Schoop and Beckham scored . Castillo singled to shallow center , Smith scored . Rickard doubled to right center , Castillo to third . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Cain lined out to right . Cabrera lined out to first . Hosmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Alexander pitching for Royals . Machado reached on infield single to shortstop . Schoop grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Machado out at second . Davis walked , Schoop to second . Mancini grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Pérez struck out swinging . Moustakas popped out to shortstop . Moss flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Feliz pitching for Royals . Beckham doubled to deep right . Smith singled to right , Beckham scored . Castillo struck out swinging . Rickard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Smith out at second . Jones flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Escobar struck out swinging . Gordon struck out swinging . Merrifield flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Bonifacio in left field . Torres at third base . Gordon in center field . Buchter pitching for Royals . Machado flied out to center . Schoop struck out swinging . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Gentry in left field . Brach pitching for Orioles . Bonifacio struck out looking . Cabrera doubled to left . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . Pérez doubled to deep center , Cabrera scored . Torres lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 2 - Orioles 7 .	Bundy pitches 8 strong innings as Orioles beat Royals 7 - 2