Royals - Top 1st . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Merrifield singled to center . Cain doubled to right center , Merrifield scored . Hosmer singled to left , Cain to third . Cabrera singled to center , Cain scored , Hosmer to third , Cabrera out stretching at second . Moustakas walked . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Gallagher grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moustakas out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Cahill pitching for Royals . Carpenter walked . Martínez reached on infield single to catcher , Carpenter to second . DeJong grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martínez out at second , Carpenter to third . Fowler walked . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Escobar grounded out to first . Cahill struck out swinging . Merrifield singled to left center . Cain singled to center , Merrifield to third . Hosmer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Cahill pitching for Royals . Gyorko struck out swinging . Wong walked . Wong stole second . Grichuk reached on infield single to second , Wong to third . Leake sacrificed into fielder 's choice to first , Wong scored , Grichuk to second . Carpenter singled to right , Grichuk scored , Leake to third . Martínez grounded out to pitcher , Carpenter to second . DeJong grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Moustakas singled to deep right . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Gallagher grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Cahill pitching for Royals . Fowler walked . Fowler stole second . Molina flied out to left . Gyorko singled to left center , Fowler scored . Wong walked , Gyorko to second . Alexander pitching for Royals . Grichuk reached on infield single to third , Gyorko to third , Wong to second . Leake grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Grichuk out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Escobar grounded out to third . Alexander grounded out to third . Merrifield singled to shallow left . Cain struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Alexander pitching for Royals . Carpenter grounded out to first . Martínez homered to center ( 419 feet ) . DeJong struck out swinging . Fowler singled to center . Fowler to second on passed ball by Gallagher . Molina grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Hosmer singled to left . Cabrera homered to right center ( 407 feet ) , Hosmer scored . Moustakas singled to center . Bonifacio flied out to center . Gallagher grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Moustakas out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Alexander pitching for Royals . Gyorko grounded out to third . Wong struck out swinging . Grichuk flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Escobar singled to left . Moss hit for Alexander . Escobar caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Moss struck out swinging . Merrifield singled to center . Merrifield stole second . Cain flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Maurer pitching for Royals . Garcia hit for Bowman . Garcia singled to right . Carpenter walked , Garcia to second . Moylan pitching for Royals . Martínez lined out to right , Garcia to third , Carpenter to second on throwing error by right fielder Bonifacio . DeJong struck out swinging . Fowler intentionally walked . Molina homered to left ( 387 feet ) , Garcia , Carpenter and Fowler scored . Gyorko struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Duke pitching for Cardinals . Hosmer grounded out to first . Cabrera grounded out to second . Moustakas lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Buchter pitching for Royals . Wong singled to left . Wong caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Grichuk grounded out to shortstop . Voit hit for Duke . Voit flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Pham in left field . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Bonifacio struck out looking . Gallagher flied out to left . Escobar singled to left center . Gordon hit for Buchter . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Gordon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Herrera pitching for Royals . Carpenter struck out looking . Pham doubled to deep right . DeJong grounded out to third . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Merrifield struck out swinging . Cain singled to right . Hosmer struck out swinging . Cain to second on fielder 's indifference . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 5 - Cardinals 8 .	Cat power : Molina hits slam after feline frolics