Royals - Top 1st . Blackburn pitching for Athletics . Merrifield grounded out to third . Cain walked . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cain out at second . Cabrera singled to center , Hosmer to third . Moustakas reached on infield single to shortstop , Hosmer scored , Cabrera to second . Cabrera to third , Moustakas to second on passed ball by Garneau . Moss walked . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Moustakas out at third , Moss to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Duffy pitching for Royals . Davis popped out to shortstop . Semien singled to left . Lowrie singled to right center , Semien to second . Davis struck out swinging . Healy lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Blackburn pitching for Athletics . Gordon grounded out to second . Butera grounded out to third . Merrifield lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Pinder grounded out to shortstop . Chapman struck out looking . Joyce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Blackburn pitching for Athletics . Cain singled to center . Hosmer walked , Cain to second . Cabrera singled to left center , Cain to third , Hosmer to second . Moustakas struck out swinging . Moss grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Garneau walked . Davis struck out swinging . Semien homered to left ( 391 feet ) , Garneau scored . Lowrie grounded out to second . Davis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Blackburn pitching for Athletics . Escobar reached on bunt single to third , Escobar to third on throwing error by third baseman Chapman . Gordon grounded out to first . Butera reached on infield single to second , Escobar scored . Merrifield flied out to right . Cain homered to center ( 421 feet ) , Butera scored . Hosmer singled to left center . Cabrera struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Healy flied out to center . Pinder singled to right . Chapman struck out swinging . Joyce grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Castro pitching for Athletics . Moustakas singled to right . Moss struck out looking . Escobar walked , Moustakas to second . Gordon singled to right , Moustakas scored , Escobar to second , Escobar to third , Gordon to second advancing on throw . Butera grounded out to third . Merrifield flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Garneau walked . Davis doubled to right , Garneau to third . Semien struck out swinging . Lowrie singled to center , Garneau and Davis scored . Davis struck out looking . Healy lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Hatcher pitching for Athletics . Cain lined out to right . Hosmer struck out looking . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Alexander pitching for Royals . Pinder walked . Chapman singled to right , Pinder to second . Joyce struck out swinging . Moylan pitching for Royals . Olson hit for Garneau . Olson grounded out to pitcher , Pinder to third , Chapman to second . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Maxwell catching . Coulombe pitching for Athletics . Moustakas lined out to right . Moss lined out to left . Escobar singled to right . Escobar to second on wild pitch by Coulombe . Gordon lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Moylan pitching for Royals . Semien grounded out to second . Lowrie grounded out to second . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Dull pitching for Athletics . Butera walked . Merrifield grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Butera out at second . Merrifield stole second . Cain hit by pitch . Hosmer singled to right , Merrifield scored , Cain to second . Cain to third , Hosmer to second on passed ball by Maxwell . Cabrera struck out looking . Moustakas intentionally walked . Moss struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Maurer pitching for Royals . Healy singled to right . Pinder struck out swinging . Chapman homered to center ( 418 feet ) , Healy scored . Joyce struck out swinging . Maxwell singled to center . Davis reached on infield single to shortstop , Maxwell to second , Maxwell to third on error by first baseman Hosmer . Davis stole second . Semien grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 9th . Treinen pitching for Athletics . Escobar doubled to left . Gordon singled to right center , Escobar scored . Gordon caught stealing second , catcher to second . Butera grounded out to third . Merrifield struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Herrera pitching for Royals . Lowrie flied out to center . Davis flied out to center . Healy reached on infield single to shortstop . Powell ran for Healy . Powell to second on wild pitch by Herrera . Pinder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 7 - Athletics 6 .	Alex Gordon 's go - ahead single in 9th lifts Royals past A 's