Rockies - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Arenado homered to left ( 389 feet ) . Parra doubled to deep center . Reynolds struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Merrifield singled to center . Cain grounded into double play , third to second to first , Merrifield out at second . Cabrera singled to left . Hosmer singled to left center , Cabrera to second . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Royals . González lined out to center . Lucroy walked . Tapia struck out swinging . Story flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Moustakas singled to center . Bonifacio flied out to center . Escobar singled to center , Moustakas to second . Gordon lined out to right , Moustakas to third . Merrifield reached on infield single to shortstop , Moustakas scored , Escobar to second , Escobar to third on throwing error by shortstop Story . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Merrifield out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Blackmon homered to right ( 364 feet ) . LeMahieu singled to center . Arenado walked , LeMahieu to second . Parra grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Arenado out at second , LeMahieu to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Cabrera grounded out to first . Hosmer walked . Pérez struck out swinging . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . González struck out swinging . Lucroy grounded out to third . Tapia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Bonifacio singled to center . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bonifacio out at second . Gordon grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Story singled to center . Blackmon singled to center , Story to second . LeMahieu singled to right , Story to third , Blackmon to second . Arenado struck out swinging . Parra hit sacrifice fly to left , Story scored , Blackmon to third , LeMahieu to second . Reynolds walked . Buchter pitching for Royals . González popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Merrifield singled to center . Cain doubled to left , Merrifield scored . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop , Cain to third . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Buchter pitching for Royals . Lucroy grounded out to second . Tapia flied out to left . Story walked . Blackmon singled to left center , Story to third . Moylan pitching for Royals . LeMahieu singled to center , Story scored , Blackmon to second . Blackmon picked off second . Arenado batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Moustakas lined out to right . Bonifacio grounded out to catcher . Escobar singled to right . Gordon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Moylan pitching for Royals . Arenado struck out swinging . Parra grounded out to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Neshek pitching for Rockies . Merrifield singled to center . Cain struck out swinging . Merrifield stole second . Cabrera struck out swinging . McGee pitching for Rockies . Hosmer singled to left , Merrifield scored . Pérez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Alexander pitching for Royals . González struck out swinging . Lucroy struck out looking . Tapia lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Moustakas flied out to center . Bonifacio lined out to center . Escobar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Maurer pitching for Royals . Story walked . Blackmon flied out to center , Story to second . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Arenado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Holland pitching for Rockies . Gordon walked . Merrifield lined out to left . Cain lined out to right . Cabrera singled to left , Gordon to second . Hosmer homered to right ( 398 feet ) , Gordon and Cabrera scored . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Royals 6 .	Hosmer 3 - run HR with 2 outs in 9th , Royals beat Rockies 6 - 4