Royals - Top 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Merrifield singled to center . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Merrifield out at second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cain out at second . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Hernández struck out swinging . Donaldson struck out swinging . Smoak doubled to deep right . Bautista popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez struck out swinging . Moustakas doubled to shallow center . Moss struck out swinging . Escobar lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Morales grounded out to shortstop . Pillar grounded out to first . Martin fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Gordon grounded out to third . Merrifield walked . Cain flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Goins grounded out to first . Barney safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas . Hernández lined into double play , center to shortstop , Barney doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Hosmer walked . Pérez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hosmer out at second . Moustakas grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Smoak flied out to center . Bautista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Moss grounded out to first . Escobar struck out swinging . Gordon struck out swinging , catcher to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Morales flied out to center . Pillar flied out to center . Martin lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Merrifield flied out to right . Cain struck out swinging . Cabrera lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Goins singled to right . Barney homered to left ( 373 feet ) , Goins scored . Moylan pitching for Royals . Hernández struck out swinging . Donaldson singled to center . Alexander pitching for Royals . Smoak grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Donaldson out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Hosmer singled to left . Pérez singled to shallow right , Hosmer to third . Moustakas hit sacrifice fly to center , Hosmer scored . Moss grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pérez out at second . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Alexander pitching for Royals . Bautista struck out swinging . Morales singled to deep center . Pillar doubled to deep right , Morales to third . Refsnyder ran for Morales . Martin doubled to center , Refsnyder and Pillar scored . Goins struck out looking . Maurer pitching for Royals . Barney singled to center , Martin scored . Hernández struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Gordon homered to right ( 409 feet ) . Merrifield singled to center . Cain grounded into double play , third to second to first , Merrifield out at second . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Morin pitching for Royals . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Smoak struck out swinging . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Hosmer struck out looking . Pérez grounded out to third . Moustakas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 2 - Blue Jays 5 .	Stroman ends 5 - start winless streak , Jays beat Royals 5 - 2