Royals - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Merrifield fouled out to first . Cain safe at first on error by third baseman Sánchez . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Hosmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Hammel pitching for Royals . Sánchez safe at first on error by second baseman Merrifield . Moncada flied out to left . Abreu singled to left , Sánchez to second . Delmonico grounded out to second , Sánchez to third , Abreu to second . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Pérez flied out to right . Moustakas flied out to left . Moss popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Hammel pitching for Royals . Narváez singled to right . Anderson hit by pitch , Narváez to second . Davidson doubled to shallow left , Narváez scored , Anderson to third . Engel grounded out to first . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop , Anderson scored , Davidson to third . Moncada struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Escobar homered to left ( 373 feet ) . Gordon safe at first on error by second baseman Moncada . Merrifield singled to right , Gordon to third . Cain safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Anderson , Merrifield to second . Cabrera singled to right center , Gordon scored , Merrifield to third , Cain to second . Hosmer singled to right center , Merrifield and Cain scored , Cabrera to second . Pérez reached on infield single to shortstop , Cabrera to third , Hosmer to second . Moustakas grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera scored , Pérez out at second , Hosmer to third . Hosmer scored on López ' wild pitch . Moss grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Hammel pitching for Royals . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Delmonico struck out swinging . García flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Escobar popped out to first . Gordon flied out to center . Merrifield lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Narváez doubled to left . Anderson singled to center , Narváez scored . Davidson homered to left center ( 406 feet ) , Anderson scored . Engel struck out looking . Sánchez reached on infield single to shortstop . Moncada homered to center ( 416 feet ) , Sánchez scored . Cahill pitching for Royals . Abreu doubled to left . Delmonico walked . García lined into double play , second to shortstop , Abreu doubled off second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Cain lined out to left . Cabrera singled to left center . Hosmer popped out to third . Pérez singled to left center , Cabrera to third . Moustakas lined out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Cahill pitching for Royals . Narváez walked . Moylan pitching for Royals . Anderson popped out to shortstop . Davidson lined into double play , to first , Narváez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Moss flied out to center . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Gordon doubled to right . Merrifield singled to right , Gordon thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Butera catching . Moylan pitching for Royals . Engel grounded out to shortstop . Buchter pitching for Royals . Sánchez struck out swinging . Moncada flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Cain grounded out to third . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to right . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . Butera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Herrera pitching for Royals . Abreu grounded out to third . Delmonico singled to right . Delmonico to second on passed ball by Butera . García lined out to center . Narváez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Moustakas popped out to shortstop . Moss struck out swinging . Alburquerque pitching for White Sox . Escobar popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Soria pitching for Royals . Anderson struck out swinging . Davidson struck out swinging . Engel flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Gordon struck out swinging . Merrifield singled to shallow left . Merrifield stole second . Cain singled to right into double play , right to catcher to second to shortstop , Merrifield out at home , Cain out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - White Sox 7 .	Davidson , Moncada lead White Sox over Royals 7 - 6