Tigers - Top 1st . Hammel pitching for Royals . Kinsler walked . Presley singled to left , Kinsler to second . Castellanos lined out to center , Kinsler to third . Candelario singled to shallow center , Kinsler scored , Presley to second . McCann struck out swinging . Navarro grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Merrifield lined out to center . Cabrera lined out to left . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Hammel pitching for Royals . Machado struck out looking . Romine grounded out to shortstop . Iglesias flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Moustakas walked . Moss grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Moustakas out at second . Escobar lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Hammel pitching for Royals . Kinsler popped out to shortstop . Presley singled to center . Castellanos singled to left , Presley to second . Candelario singled to left center , Presley scored , Castellanos to second . McCann doubled to shallow left , Castellanos scored , Candelario to third . Navarro struck out swinging . Machado grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Gordon singled to center . Orlando flied out to center . Butera struck out swinging . Merrifield singled to center , Gordon to second . Cabrera singled to right center , Gordon and Merrifield scored . Hosmer lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Romine grounded out to first . Iglesias grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Moustakas lined out to left . Moss grounded out to third . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Presley grounded out to second . Castellanos struck out swinging . Candelario lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Gordon struck out swinging . Orlando singled to right . Butera struck out swinging . Merrifield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Orlando out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Hammel pitching for Royals . McCann lined out to left . Navarro walked . Machado grounded out to third , Navarro to second . Romine struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Cabrera grounded out to second . Hosmer lined out to center . Moustakas lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Moylan pitching for Royals . Iglesias grounded out to pitcher . Kinsler struck out swinging . Presley walked . Castellanos walked , Presley to second . Alexander pitching for Royals . Candelario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Moss flied out to right . Escobar tripled to deep center . Gordon grounded out to first . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Orlando homered to left ( 412 feet ) , Escobar scored . Butera struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Alexander pitching for Royals . McCann grounded out to third . Navarro grounded out to pitcher . Machado singled to right . Romine reached on infield single to shortstop , Machado to second . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Romine out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Merrifield reached on infield single to second . Bell pitching for Tigers . Cabrera doubled to right , Merrifield to third . Mondesi ran for Cabrera . Hosmer intentionally walked . Merrifield scored , Mondesi to third , Hosmer to second on wild pitch by Bell . Moustakas walked . Moss grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mondesi out at home , Hosmer to third , Moustakas to second . Greene pitching for Tigers . Escobar doubled to deep right , Hosmer and Moustakas scored , Moss to third . Gordon intentionally walked . Orlando grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gordon out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Bonifacio in right field . Maurer pitching for Royals . Kinsler grounded out to third . Presley singled to right . Castellanos doubled to left , Presley to third . Minor pitching for Royals . Candelario grounded out to third , Presley scored . McCann flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 4 - Royals 7 .	Royals win 7 - 4 , extend Tigers ' skid to 9 games