Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Royals . Blanco walked . Pollock lined out to left . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Merrifield lined out to center . Cabrera grounded out to second . Hosmer homered to left ( 350 feet ) . Moustakas grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Royals . Iannetta homered to left center ( 409 feet ) . Drury flied out to center . Lamb struck out swinging . Marte flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonifacio grounded out to second . Escobar struck out swinging . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gordon lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Royals . Rosales struck out swinging . Blanco singled to right . Blanco stole second . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blanco out at third . Negrón ran for Pollock . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Blanco in center field . Negrón in left field . Vargas at third base . Rosales at first base . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Butera lined out to center . Cain flied out to right . Merrifield singled to right . Cabrera lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Vargas pitching for Royals . Martinez grounded out to third . Iannetta walked . Drury doubled to deep left center , Iannetta to third . Lamb hit sacrifice fly to right , Iannetta scored . Marte walked . Rosales fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Hazelbaker in right field . Banda pitching for Diamondbacks . Hosmer walked . Moustakas flied out to center . Bonifacio singled to right , Hosmer to third . Escobar safe at first on error by shortstop Marte , Hosmer scored , Bonifacio to second . Gordon lined out to left . Butera walked , Bonifacio to third , Escobar to second . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Butera out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Vargas pitching for Royals . Blanco singled to center . Blanco stole second . Negrón walked , Blanco stole third . Negrón batting . Vargas singled to right , Blanco scored , Negrón to second . Hazelbaker homered to right ( 402 feet ) , Negrón and Vargas scored . Buchter pitching for Royals . Iannetta popped out to second . Moss at first base . Cuthbert at third base . Mondesi at shortstop . Orlando in center field . Drury grounded out to third . Walker hit for Lamb . Walker struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Banda pitching for Diamondbacks . Merrifield safe at first on error by third baseman Vargas . Cabrera safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Marte , Merrifield to second . Moss struck out looking . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Cuthbert struck out swinging . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Soler in left field . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Marte reached on infield single to shortstop . Herrmann ran for Marte . Rosales singled to center , Herrmann to second . Blanco walked , Herrmann to third , Rosales to second . Negrón reached on infield single to first , Herrmann scored , Rosales to third , Blanco to second . Vargas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rosales scored , Negrón out at second , Blanco to third . Hazelbaker struck out swinging . Iannetta safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Mondesi , Blanco scored , Vargas to third . Drury singled to center , Vargas scored , Iannetta to third , Drury to second advancing on throw . Morin pitching for Royals . Walker struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 6th . Negrón at shortstop . Herrmann in left field . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Mondesi doubled to right . Soler struck out swinging . Butera struck out looking . Orlando struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Morin pitching for Royals . Herrmann singled to left center . Rosales popped out to third . Blanco singled to right , Herrmann to second . Negrón flied out to center , Herrmann to third , Blanco to second . Vargas singled to center , Herrmann and Blanco scored . Hazelbaker walked , Vargas to second . Iannetta grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Mathis catching . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Merrifield flied out to right . Gore hit for Cabrera . Gore struck out swinging . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Gaviglio pitching for Royals . Drury walked . Descalso hit for Walker . Descalso walked , Drury to second . Herrmann singled to right , Drury to third , Descalso to second . Rosales grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Drury out at home , Descalso to third , Herrmann to second . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Descalso scored , Rosales out at second , Herrmann to third . Negrón grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop . Bonifacio singled to left center . Mondesi grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bonifacio out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Skoglund pitching for Royals . Vargas doubled to deep center . Hazelbaker singled to right center , Vargas scored . Mathis struck out swinging . Drury flied out to center . Descalso lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks . Soler grounded out to shortstop . Butera struck out swinging . Orlando doubled to left . Merrifield grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 14 - Royals 2 .	Royals say farewell to free agents in 14 - 2 loss to Arizona