Rockies - Top 1st . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu walked . Arenado grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , LeMahieu out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Hernández grounded out to second . Galvis flied out to center . Altherr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Eflin pitching for Phillies . González singled to left . Desmond popped out to shortstop . Parra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , González out at second . Amarista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Joseph singled to right . Blanco lined out to center . Herrera doubled to deep right , Joseph to third . Kelly struck out swinging . Knapp intentionally walked . Eflin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Wolters walked . Márquez sacrificed to third , Wolters to second . Blackmon homered to right ( 429 feet ) , Wolters scored . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Hernández reached on infield single to pitcher . Galvis lined out to center . Altherr singled to left center , Hernández to second . Joseph hit by pitch , Hernández to third , Altherr to second . Blanco walked , Hernández scored , Altherr to third , Joseph to second . Herrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blanco out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Eflin pitching for Phillies . González singled to left . Desmond doubled to deep right , González to third . Parra singled to center , González scored , Desmond to third . Amarista singled to right , Desmond scored , Parra to third . Wolters grounded out to shortstop , Parra scored , Amarista to second . Márquez struck out swinging . Blackmon homered to right ( 409 feet ) , Amarista scored . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Kelly flied out to center . Knapp struck out looking . Eflin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Arenado singled to center . González grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Arenado out at second . Desmond grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Hernández grounded out to first . Galvis flied out to center . Altherr reached on infield single to shortstop . Altherr to second on wild pitch by Márquez . Joseph grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Parra homered to right ( 399 feet ) . Amarista singled to shallow center . Wolters grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Amarista out at second . Márquez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Blanco singled to center . Herrera singled to right , Blanco to second . Kelly fouled out to third . Knapp struck out swinging . Stassi hit for Eflin . Stassi walked , Blanco to third , Herrera to second . Hernández flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Leiter pitching for Phillies . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Galvis struck out swinging . Altherr lined out to right . Joseph struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Leiter Jr. pitching for Phillies . González grounded out to shortstop . Desmond flied out to center . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Blanco lined out to left . Herrera flied out to center . Kelly lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Amarista struck out swinging . Wolters struck out swinging . Valaika hit for Lyles . Valaika struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Qualls pitching for Rockies . Knapp homered to right ( 379 feet ) . Saunders hit for Neris . Saunders grounded out to shortstop . Hernández lined out to center . Galvis lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 8 - Phillies 2 .	Charlie Blackmon hits 2 homers , Rockies beat Phillies 8 - 2