Brewers - Top 1st . Hellickson pitching for Phillies . Sogard flied out to left . Thames struck out swinging . Braun singled to center . Shaw struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Suter pitching for Brewers . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Galvis singled to right . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Galvis out at second . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Hellickson pitching for Phillies . Santana grounded out to third . Bandy struck out swinging . Phillips flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Suter pitching for Brewers . Joseph singled to left . Williams lined out to center . Herrera hit ground rule double to deep center , Joseph to third . Rupp struck out swinging . Hellickson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Hellickson pitching for Phillies . Arcia singled to center . Suter bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Arcia out at second . Sogard struck out swinging . Thames walked , Suter to second . Braun doubled to deep right , Suter and Thames scored , Braun to third advancing on throw . Braun scored on Hellickson 's wild pitch . Shaw doubled to deep center . Santana singled to center , Shaw scored . Bandy flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Suter pitching for Brewers . Hernández safe at first on error by first baseman Thames . Galvis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hernández out at second . Kendrick grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 4th . Hellickson pitching for Phillies . Phillips struck out swinging . Arcia grounded out to second . Suter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Suter pitching for Brewers . Franco struck out swinging . Joseph struck out looking . Williams grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Hellickson pitching for Phillies . Sogard flied out to center . Thames singled to right . Braun homered to center ( 407 feet ) , Thames scored . Shaw walked . Santana grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Shaw out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Suter pitching for Brewers . Herrera homered to right ( 368 feet ) . Rupp grounded out to shortstop . Kelly hit for Hellickson . Kelly flied out to center . Hernández lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Bandy singled to right . Bandy to second on wild pitch by Morgan . Phillips struck out swinging . Arcia singled to left , Bandy to third . Suter bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Bandy out at home , Arcia to second . Sogard lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Suter pitching for Brewers . Galvis flied out to center . Kendrick singled to left . Franco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kendrick out at second . Joseph fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Thames struck out swinging . Braun walked . Braun caught stealing second , Braun safe at second on error by Joseph , Braun scored on error by left fielder Kendrick . Shaw homered to right ( 379 feet ) . Santana walked . Bandy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Santana out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Pérez in left field . Drake pitching for Brewers . Williams lined out to shortstop . Herrera doubled to right . Rupp walked . Perkins hit for Morgan . Perkins doubled to deep left , Herrera scored , Rupp to third . Hernández homered to right ( 407 feet ) , Rupp and Perkins scored . Galvis singled to center . Hughes pitching for Brewers . Kendrick safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Hughes , Galvis to second . Franco grounded out to second , Galvis to third , Kendrick to second . Joseph struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 8th . Perkins at first base . Milner pitching for Phillies . Phillips flied out to left . Arcia walked . Villar hit for Hughes . Villar struck out swinging . Sogard flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Barnes pitching for Brewers . Williams singled to center . Herrera singled to shallow right , Williams to second . Rupp homered to right ( 352 feet ) , Williams and Herrera scored . Perkins singled to left . Hernández bunt popped into double play , third to second , Perkins doubled off first . Galvis grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Thames doubled to deep right . Pérez bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Thames out at third . Shaw singled to right center , Pérez to third . Santana singled to left , Pérez scored , Shaw to second . Aguilar hit for Bandy . Aguilar struck out swinging . Phillips flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Piña catching . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Kendrick struck out looking . Franco grounded out to shortstop . Blanco hit for Neris . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 9 - Phillies 8 .	Santana drives in winning run , Brewers end 6 - game skid