Phillies - Top 1st . Peters pitching for Marlins . Hernández walked . Galvis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hernández out at second . Hoskins struck out swinging . Joseph singled to left , Galvis to second . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Gordon reached on infield single to first . Gordon to second on wild pitch by Pivetta . Stanton walked . Yelich walked , Gordon to third , Stanton to second . Ozuna lined out to first . Realmuto struck out swinging . Gordon scored , Stanton to third , Yelich to second on wild pitch by Pivetta . Anderson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Peters pitching for Marlins . Williams grounded out to first . Florimón struck out swinging . Alfaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Ellis singled to center . Aviles grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ellis out at second . Peters struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Peters pitching for Marlins . Pivetta flied out to right . Hernández walked . Galvis grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hernández out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Gordon struck out swinging , Gordon safe at first on wild pitch by Pivetta . Stanton walked , Gordon to second . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stanton out at second , Gordon to third . Ozuna grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Yelich out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Peters pitching for Marlins . Hoskins struck out swinging . Joseph grounded out to third . Franco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . Anderson reached on infield single to second . Ellis grounded out to third , Anderson to second . Aviles lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Peters pitching for Marlins . Williams grounded out to pitcher . Florimón singled to center . Alfaro grounded out to pitcher , Florimón to second . Pivetta grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Peters struck out looking . Gordon singled to center . Gordon caught stealing second , catcher to second . Stanton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Peters pitching for Marlins . Hernández grounded out to pitcher . Galvis grounded out to third . Hoskins walked . Joseph singled to left , Hoskins to second . Franco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Joseph out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Yelich grounded out to pitcher . Ozuna struck out swinging . Realmuto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Peters pitching for Marlins . Williams struck out swinging , Williams safe at first on wild pitch by Peters . Florimón struck out swinging . Alfaro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Williams out at second . Kelly hit for Pivetta . Kelly struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Ramos pitching for Phillies . Anderson struck out looking . Ellis flied out to right . Aviles fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Rojas at shortstop . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Hernández grounded out to first . Galvis singled to right . Galvis to second on passed ball by Ellis . Hoskins struck out swinging . Joseph flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Suzuki hit for Barraclough . Milner pitching for Phillies . Suzuki struck out swinging . Gordon flied out to right . Blanco at first base . Nicasio pitching for Phillies . Stanton grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Marlins . Franco doubled to deep left . Williams grounded out to first , Franco to third . Florimón walked . Alfaro singled to right , Franco scored , Florimón to third . Blanco grounded out to second , Florimón scored , Alfaro to second . Hernández struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Yelich grounded out to second . Ozuna struck out swinging . Realmuto grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 2 - Marlins 1 .	Phillies score twice in 9th to beat slumping Marlins 2 - 1