Red Sox - Top 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Bogaerts singled to right . Benintendi grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bogaerts out at second . Betts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Pillar doubled to left . Bautista struck out swinging . Morales singled to left , Pillar scored . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to third , Morales to second . Smoak doubled to deep center , Morales scored , Tulowitzki to third . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tulowitzki out at home . Pearce struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Ramírez struck out swinging . Moreland singled to center . Young grounded out to pitcher , Moreland to second . Sandoval walked . Vázquez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Barney struck out swinging . Travis walked . Pillar doubled to left , Travis to third . Bautista intentionally walked . Morales struck out swinging . Tulowitzki lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Hernández struck out swinging . Bogaerts singled to center . Benintendi singled to left , Bogaerts to second . Betts singled to center , Bogaerts scored , Benintendi to third , Betts to second advancing on throw . Ramírez struck out swinging . Moreland singled to left , Benintendi and Betts scored . Young popped out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Smoak homered to left center ( 382 feet ) . Martin struck out swinging . Pearce flied out to left . Barney popped out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Sandoval singled to right center . Sandoval caught stealing second , catcher to second . Vázquez singled to center . Hernández struck out swinging . Bogaerts grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vázquez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Travis walked . Pillar flied out to left . Bautista flied out to left . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Benintendi grounded out to pitcher . Betts singled to shallow left . Ramírez doubled to deep right , Betts scored . Moreland doubled to deep left , Ramírez scored . Young grounded out to third . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Sandoval singled to center , Moreland scored . Leone pitching for Blue Jays . Vázquez grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . Smoak grounded out to third . Martin homered to left center ( 438 feet ) . Pearce flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Leone pitching for Blue Jays . Hernández grounded out to second . Bogaerts fouled out to first . Benintendi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Hembree pitching for Red Sox . Barney singled to right . Travis flied out to center . Pillar grounded out to shortstop , Barney to second . Bautista walked . Morales grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Smith pitching for Blue Jays . Betts homered to left ( 429 feet ) . Ramírez grounded out to catcher . Moreland struck out swinging . Young struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Hembree pitching for Red Sox . Tulowitzki singled to left . Smoak grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tulowitzki out at second . Martin struck out swinging . Pearce safe at first on error by shortstop Bogaerts , Smoak to second . Barney grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 8th . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Sandoval singled to right . Vázquez grounded out to third , Sandoval to second . Hernández walked . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Benintendi hit ground rule double to deep right center , Sandoval scored , Hernández to third . Barnes pitching for Blue Jays . Betts fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Abad pitching for Red Sox . Travis grounded out to second . Pillar doubled to left . Bautista flied out to right , Pillar to third . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Morales grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Barnes pitching for Blue Jays . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Moreland popped out to shortstop . Young walked . Sandoval grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Smoak grounded out to second . Martin walked . Martin to second on fielder 's indifference . Pearce singled to center , Martin scored . Carrera hit for Barney . Carrera homered to left ( 355 feet ) , Pearce scored . Travis lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 8 - Blue Jays 7 .	Johnson earns first win as Red Sox edge Blue Jays 8 - 7