Indians - Top 1st . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Santana walked . Lindor singled to right , Santana to second . Kipnis doubled to deep right , Santana and Lindor scored . Encarnación flied out to center , Kipnis to third . Ramírez grounded out to second . Guyer popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Salazar pitching for Indians . Pillar walked . Carrera singled to center , Pillar to second . Bautista homered to left ( 398 feet ) , Pillar and Carrera scored . Smoak struck out swinging . Pearce struck out swinging . Goins lined out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Gomes grounded out to second . Díaz flied out to left . Almonte flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Martínez in center field . Salazar pitching for Indians . Travis hit ground rule double to deep center . Barney grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Travis out at third . Maile struck out swinging . Pillar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Santana walked . Lindor singled to left center , Santana to second . Kipnis singled to right center , Santana scored , Lindor to third . Encarnación walked , Kipnis to second . Ramírez singled to right , Lindor scored , Kipnis to third , Encarnación to second . Leone pitching for Blue Jays . Guyer doubled to deep right , Kipnis , Encarnación and Ramírez scored , Guyer out stretching at third . Gomes doubled to deep right center . Díaz struck out swinging . Martínez lined out to right . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Pérez catching . Salazar pitching for Indians . Carrera grounded out to shortstop . Bautista walked . Smoak doubled to deep right , Bautista to third . Pearce hit sacrifice fly to right , Bautista scored , Smoak to third . Goins singled to center , Smoak scored . Otero pitching for Indians . Travis grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Leone pitching for Blue Jays . Santana grounded out to first . Lindor grounded out to second . Kipnis popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Otero pitching for Indians . Barney doubled to center . Maile grounded out to shortstop . Pillar grounded out to third , Barney to third . Carrera homered to right ( 394 feet ) , Barney scored . Bautista struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Barnes pitching for Blue Jays . Encarnación singled to shallow center . Ramírez flied out to center . Guyer reached on bunt single to third , Encarnación to second . Pérez flied out to left . Díaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Otero pitching for Indians . Smoak grounded out to first . Pearce grounded out to second . Goins walked . Goody pitching for Indians . Travis popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Barnes pitching for Blue Jays . Martínez singled to center . Martínez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Santana struck out swinging . Lindor grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Goody pitching for Indians . Barney struck out looking . Maile grounded out to second . Pillar safe at second on error by left fielder Díaz . Logan pitching for Indians . Carrera lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 7th . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Kipnis struck out swinging . Encarnación hit by pitch . Ramírez fouled out to third . Guyer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Bautista walked . Smoak grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bautista out at second . Pearce flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Smith pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez struck out looking . Chisenhall hit for Díaz . Chisenhall flied out to left . Martínez singled to right center . Santana struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Guyer in left field . Chisenhall in right field . Shaw pitching for Indians . Goins singled to center . Travis sacrificed to pitcher , Goins to second . Barney reached on infield single to shortstop . Maile grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Barney out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Lindor lined out to center . Kipnis struck out swinging . Encarnación grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Allen pitching for Indians . Pillar flied out to center . Carrera singled to center . Bautista struck out swinging . Smoak walked , Carrera to second . Pearce walked , Carrera to third , Smoak to second . Goins singled to right , Carrera scored , Smoak to third , Pearce to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 7 - Blue Jays 8 .	Goins ' hit caps comeback as Blue Jays beat Indians 8 - 7