Braves - Top 1st . Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays . Inciarte struck out looking . Phillips hit by pitch . Freeman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Phillips out at second . Kemp singled to center , Freeman to third , Kemp to second advancing on throw . Markakis singled to center , Freeman and Kemp scored . Flowers popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 9 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Colon pitching for Braves . Pillar flied out to right . Carrera struck out looking . Bautista flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays . García hit by pitch . Peterson struck out swinging , García stole second , García to third on throwing error by catcher Ohlman . Swanson hit sacrifice fly to center , García scored . Inciarte walked . Phillips batting . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Colon pitching for Braves . Morales grounded out to pitcher . Smoak doubled to deep right . Travis hit ground rule double to deep center , Smoak scored . Goins flied out to center . Ohlman grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays . Freeman flied out to left . Kemp singled to right . Markakis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kemp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Colon pitching for Braves . Coghlan fouled out to catcher . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . Carrera walked . Bautista singled to right , Carrera to second . Morales flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays . Flowers singled to center . García grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Flowers out at second . Peterson hit by pitch , García to second . Swanson singled to right , García scored , Peterson to third , Swanson out stretching at second . Inciarte fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Colon pitching for Braves . Smoak grounded out to pitcher . Travis reached on infield single to shortstop , Travis to second on throwing error by shortstop Swanson . Goins lined out to center . Ohlman singled to center , Travis scored . Coghlan flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 5th . Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays . Phillips struck out swinging . Freeman flied out to center . Kemp doubled to left . Markakis singled to center , Kemp scored . Flowers walked , Markakis to second . García singled to center , Markakis scored , Flowers to third . Howell pitching for Blue Jays . Peterson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Colon pitching for Braves . Pillar singled to right . Carrera grounded out to second , Pillar to second . Bautista doubled to left , Pillar scored . Morales lined out to left . Smoak walked . Travis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Howell pitching for Blue Jays . Swanson doubled to deep center . Inciarte reached on bunt single to shortstop , Swanson to third . Campos pitching for Blue Jays . Phillips struck out swinging . Freeman homered to center ( 408 feet ) , Swanson and Inciarte scored . Kemp doubled to deep right . Markakis flied out to left . Flowers hit by pitch . García singled to right , Kemp scored , Flowers to third . Peterson struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Krol pitching for Braves . Goins struck out swinging . Ohlman grounded out to third . Coghlan walked . Pillar lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Enrique Campos pitching for Blue Jays . Swanson struck out swinging . Inciarte flied out to center . Phillips popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Krol pitching for Braves . Carrera lined out to center . Bautista flied out to right . Morales walked . Smoak walked , Morales to second . Motte pitching for Braves . Travis doubled to right , Morales scored , Smoak to third . Goins grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Enrique Campos pitching for Blue Jays . Freeman struck out swinging . Kemp walked . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Markakis hit by pitch , Kemp to second . Flowers struck out swinging . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Motte pitching for Braves . Ohlman struck out looking . Coghlan grounded out to first . Pillar safe at first on error by shortstop Swanson . Pillar to second on passed ball by Flowers . Carrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 9th . Grilli pitching for Blue Jays . Peterson grounded out to shortstop . Swanson lined out to right . Inciarte grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Collmenter pitching for Braves . Bautista singled to center . Morales flied out to left . Smoak homered to right ( 386 feet ) , Bautista scored . Travis struck out looking . Goins struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 10 - Blue Jays 6 .	Freeman hits 3 - run HR , Braves beat Blue Jays 10 - 6