Blue Jays - Top 1st . Hammel pitching for Royals . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Martin doubled to center . Donaldson struck out swinging . Smoak struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Merrifield struck out swinging . Bonifacio homered to left ( 408 feet ) . Cain struck out swinging . Hosmer grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Hammel pitching for Royals . Morales flied out to right . Tulowitzki walked . Smith Jr. struck out swinging . Pillar singled to left , Tulowitzki to second . Goins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez popped out to third . Cuthbert grounded out to second . Escobar fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Hammel pitching for Royals . Bautista fouled out to right . Martin grounded out to third . Donaldson walked . Smoak singled to center , Donaldson to third . Morales popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Torres grounded out to shortstop . Butera popped out to shortstop . Merrifield lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Smith Jr. struck out swinging . Pillar popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Bonifacio doubled to left . Cain flied out to left . Hosmer singled to left , Bonifacio scored . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hosmer out at second . Pérez to second on balk by Liriano . Cuthbert grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Goins singled to center . Bautista homered to left ( 450 feet ) , Goins scored . Martin walked . Donaldson popped out to shortstop . Smoak grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martin safe at second on error by shortstop Escobar . Morales struck out swinging . Tulowitzki flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 5th . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar lined out to right . Torres singled to center . Butera grounded out to third , Torres to second . Merrifield grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Alexander pitching for Royals . Barney hit for Smith Jr .. Barney singled to center . Pillar walked , Barney to second . Pearce hit for Goins . Pearce walked , Barney to third , Pillar to second . Moylan pitching for Royals . Bautista walked , Barney scored , Pillar to third , Pearce to second . Martin safe at first on error by third baseman Cuthbert , Pillar scored , Pearce to third , Bautista to second . Donaldson doubled to right , Pearce and Bautista scored , Martin to third . Minor pitching for Royals . Smoak grounded out to shortstop . Morales grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martin scored . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Barney popped out to second . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 6th . Barney at second base . Pearce in left field . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Bonifacio flied out to right . Cain singled to shallow right . Hosmer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cain out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Feliz pitching for Royals . Pillar doubled to deep right center . Pearce grounded out to first , Pillar to third . Bautista singled to right center , Pillar scored . Martin lined out to right . Donaldson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bautista out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez doubled to deep center . Cuthbert walked . Barnes pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar flied out to center . Torres flied out to center . Butera lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Smoak walked . Morales struck out swinging . Tulowitzki singled to center , Smoak to second . Barney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tulowitzki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Leone pitching for Blue Jays . Merrifield struck out swinging . Bonifacio flied out to right . Cain reached on infield single to second . Cain to second on fielder 's indifference . Hosmer singled to center , Hosmer out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Wood pitching for Royals . Pillar singled to left . Pearce hit by pitch , Pillar to second . Bautista grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pearce out at second , Pillar to third . Martin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Parmley in left field . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez struck out swinging . Cuthbert struck out swinging . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop . Escobar to second on fielder 's indifference . Torres struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 8 - Royals 2 .	Osuna back on mound , finishes off Toronto 's 8 - 2 win over KC