Mets - Top 1st. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Reyes flied out to center. Murphy walked. Murphy picked off first. Wright reached on infield single to shortstop. Delgado singled to right, Wright to third. Beltran doubled to deep center, Wright scored, Delgado to third. Church lined out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Mets. Ryan walked. Ankiel flied out to left. Pujols flied out to left. Ludwick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Castillo tripled to right. Perez walked. Reyes singled to left, Castillo scored, Perez to second. Murphy flied out to left. Wright struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Mets. Molina singled to left. Duncan fouled out to third. Greene flied out to right. Thurston lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Delgado flied out to center. Beltran flied out to center. Church flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Mets. Wellemeyer struck out looking. Ryan popped out to second. Ankiel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Castillo lined out to shortstop. Perez singled to center. Reyes singled to right, Perez to second. Murphy singled to right, Perez scored, Reyes to third. Wright reached on infield single to third, Reyes scored, Murphy to third, Murphy tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Mets. Pujols walked. Ludwick struck out swinging. Molina doubled to deep right, Pujols to third. Duncan lined out to third. Greene walked. Thurston struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Delgado popped out to third. Beltran singled to left center. Church grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Beltran out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Mets. Wellemeyer singled to center. Ryan flied out to center. Ankiel singled to center, Wellemeyer to third, Ankiel to second advancing on throw. Pujols doubled to deep left, Wellemeyer and Ankiel scored. Ludwick fouled out to first. Molina walked. Duncan reached on infield single to second, Pujols to third, Molina to second. Greene walked, Pujols scored, Molina to third, Duncan to second. Fossum pitching for Mets. Thurston walked, Molina scored, Duncan to third, Greene to second. Barden hit for Wellemeyer. Barden grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thurston out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Castro flied out to center. Castillo singled to left. Cora hit for Fossum. Cora flied out to right. Reyes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Stokes pitching for Mets. Ryan singled to right. Ankiel singled to right, Ryan to second. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ankiel out at second, Ryan to third. Ludwick reached first base on catcher's interference, Pujols to second. Ludwick batting. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ludwick out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 7th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Murphy flied out to right. Wright grounded out to second. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Duncan struck out swinging. Greene walked. Thurston grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Greene out at second. Wainwright hit for McClellan. Wainwright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Beltran walked. Church sacrificed to pitcher, Beltran to second. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Castro flied out to right, Beltran tagged out at home. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Putz pitching for Mets. Ryan tripled to deep left. Ankiel doubled to deep right, Ryan scored. Pujols flied out to right, Ankiel to third. Ludwick hit sacrifice fly to left, Ankiel scored. Molina singled to left center. Duncan popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Schumaker in left field. Castillo struck out swinging. Sheffield hit for Putz. Sheffield grounded out to second. Reyes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 4 - Cardinals 6.	Cards get to Putz in 8th as Mets blow 4-run lead