Tigers - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Kelly tripled to deep center. Polanco struck out looking. Ordonez grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera walked. Granderson walked, Cabrera to second. Inge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Schumaker doubled to deep left center. Rasmus flied out to left. Pujols intentionally walked. Duncan singled to left, Schumaker to third, Pujols to second. Ankiel struck out swinging. Molina singled to right, Schumaker and Pujols scored, Duncan to third. Duncan scored, Molina to second on balk by Verlander. Thurston doubled to deep right, Molina scored, Thurston to third on throwing error by right fielder Ordonez. Wainwright flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Laird grounded out to third. Santiago grounded out to shortstop. Verlander grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Ryan flied out to right. Schumaker flied out to left. Rasmus doubled to deep right center. Pujols intentionally walked. Duncan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Kelly grounded out to first. Polanco grounded out to third. Ordonez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Ankiel safe at first on error by pitcher Verlander. Molina singled to left, Ankiel to second. Ankiel caught stealing third, pitcher to shortstop to third to second to shortstop, Molina to second on runner's fielder's choice. Thurston struck out swinging. Molina picked off second. Wainwright batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera singled to center. Granderson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera out at second. Inge flied out to left. Laird struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Wainwright doubled to deep left. Ryan sacrificed to pitcher, Wainwright to third. Schumaker singled to center, Wainwright scored. Rasmus struck out swinging. Pujols struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Santiago singled to center. Anderson hit for Verlander. Anderson singled to right, Santiago to second. Kelly struck out swinging. Polanco fouled out to first. Santiago to third, Anderson to second on wild pitch by Wainwright. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Duncan singled to left. Ankiel singled to left, Duncan to second. Molina walked, Duncan to third, Ankiel to second. Thurston walked, Duncan scored, Ankiel to third, Molina to second. Perry pitching for Tigers. Raburn in right field. Wainwright struck out swinging. Ryan doubled to deep right center, Ankiel, Molina and Thurston scored. Schumaker singled to left, Ryan to third. Rasmus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schumaker out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera struck out swinging. Granderson lined out to third. Inge homered to center. Laird safe at first on error by second baseman Schumaker. Santiago grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Perry pitching for Tigers. Pujols homered to left. Duncan homered to center. Ankiel grounded out to first. Molina grounded out to third. Thurston flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Raburn fouled out to catcher. Kelly grounded out to first. Polanco singled to left. Thames hit for Perry. Thames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Lyon pitching for Tigers. LaRue hit for Wainwright. LaRue grounded out to shortstop. Ryan grounded out to second. Schumaker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Greene at shortstop. Molina at first base. LaRue catching. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera homered to left. Granderson fouled out to third. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Laird singled to center. Santiago flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Sardinha catching. Laird at first base. Lyon pitching for Tigers. Rasmus struck out swinging. Greene safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Santiago. Duncan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Greene out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 9th. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Raburn struck out looking. Kelly grounded out to second. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 2 - Cardinals 11.	Cards roll on another Pujols HR \n\n