Giants - Top 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Rowand struck out swinging. Winn singled to right. Sandoval singled to right, Winn to third. Molina singled to right, Winn scored, Sandoval to third. Schierholtz struck out looking. Renteria singled to left, Sandoval scored, Molina to second. Ishikawa grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Giants. Ryan walked. DeRosa grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ryan out at second. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Uribe struck out swinging. Ra Johnson singled to right. Rowand grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Ra Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Giants. Ludwick doubled to deep right center. Molina grounded out to pitcher, Ludwick to third. Ankiel popped out to shortstop. Greene struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Winn grounded out to second. Sandoval walked. Molina doubled to left, Sandoval to third. Schierholtz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Sandoval out at home, Molina to third. Renteria grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Giants. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. Thurston grounded out to first. Ryan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ishikawa flied out to center. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. Ra Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Giants. DeRosa struck out looking. Pujols homered to left. Ludwick flied out to left. Molina walked. Ankiel grounded into fielder's choice to second, Molina out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Rowand singled to right. Winn doubled to deep right, Rowand to third. Sandoval singled to right, Rowand scored, Winn to third. Molina hit sacrifice fly to center, Winn scored, Sandoval to second on throwing error by center fielder Ankiel. Schierholtz grounded out to second, Sandoval to third. Renteria reached on infield single to second, Sandoval scored. Ishikawa doubled to deep center, Renteria scored. Uribe struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Giants. Greene flied out to right. Rasmus hit for Carpenter. Rasmus flied out to center. Thurston flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Kinney pitching for Cardinals. Rasmus in left field. Thurston at third base. Ra Johnson struck out swinging. Rowand struck out looking. Winn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for Giants. Ryan popped out to shortstop. Duncan hit for Kinney. Duncan walked. Pujols homered to left, Duncan scored. Ludwick tripled to deep right center. Molina walked. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Ankiel walked, Molina to second. Greene grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ankiel out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Duncan in left field. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Rasmus in center field. Sandoval struck out looking. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Schierholtz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Rasmus singled to left. Thurston struck out swinging. Ryan grounded into double play, second to first, Rasmus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Renteria doubled to deep right. Ishikawa flied out to left. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Renteria out at third. Affeldt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Duncan struck out looking. Romo pitching for Giants. Pujols walked. Ludwick struck out swinging. Molina hit ground rule double to deep right, Pujols to third. Schumaker hit for McClellan. Wilson pitching for Giants. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Rowand singled to right. Torres ran for Rowand. Winn grounded out to second, Torres to second. Sandoval grounded out to pitcher. Molina fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Torres in center field. Wilson pitching for Giants. Greene lined out to right. Rasmus singled to center. Thurston fouled out to catcher. Rasmus to second on fielder's indifference. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 6 - Cardinals 3.	Pujols hits 29th, 30th in loss \n\n