Cardinals - Top 1st. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Schumaker doubled to right. Rasmus homered to right, Schumaker scored. Pujols flied out to center. Ludwick grounded out to third. Ankiel flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Dickerson grounded out to first. Taveras grounded out to second. Votto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Thurston popped out to second. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Phillips struck out swinging. Bruce grounded out to second. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Ryan popped out to second. Schumaker lined out to center. Rasmus grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Hairston Jr. singled to center. Hanigan singled to right, Hairston Jr. to second. Arroyo sacrificed to third, Hairston Jr. to third, Hanigan to second. Dickerson popped out to shortstop. Taveras grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Pujols singled to left. Ludwick singled to center, Pujols to second. Ankiel flied out to center. Molina singled to left, Pujols scored, Ludwick to second. Thurston grounded out to second, Ludwick to third, Molina to second. Carpenter singled to center, Ludwick scored, Molina to third. Ryan struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Votto grounded out to first. Phillips walked. Bruce struck out swinging. Phillips caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Schumaker singled to center. Rasmus hit ground rule double to deep left center, Schumaker to third. Pujols intentionally walked. Ludwick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schumaker and Rasmus scored on throwing error by third baseman Encarnacion, Pujols safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Encarna. Ankiel hit sacrifice fly to left, Pujols scored, Ludwick to second. Molina singled to left, Ludwick to third. Thurston hit sacrifice fly to center, Ludwick scored. Carpenter flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Hairston Jr. reached on infield single to shortstop. Hanigan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hairston Jr. out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Ryan singled to center. Schumaker singled to right, Ryan to second. Rasmus walked, Ryan to third, Schumaker to second. Roenicke pitching for Reds. Sutton at shortstop. Pujols grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Ryan out at home, Schumaker to third, Rasmus to second. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Sutton flied out to center. Dickerson grounded out to first. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Roenicke pitching for Reds. Ankiel singled to center. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ankiel out at second. Thurston grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Votto singled to right. Phillips grounded out to first, Votto to second. Bruce tripled to deep left center, Votto scored. Encarnacion flied out to center. Nix hit for Roenicke. Nix struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Fisher pitching for Reds. Hoffpauir hit for Carpenter. Hoffpauir walked. Ryan flied out to center. Schumaker walked, Hoffpauir to second. Rasmus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Schumaker out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Hoffpauir at second base. Hanigan walked. Sutton flied out to right. Dickerson struck out swinging. Taveras singled to center, Hanigan to second. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Votto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Duncan hit for Pujols. Fisher pitching for Reds. Duncan singled to center. Ludwick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Duncan out at second. Ankiel walked, Ludwick to second. Ludwick to third, Ankiel to second on passed ball by Hanigan. Molina grounded out to second, Ludwick scored, Ankiel to third. Thurston singled to center, Ankiel scored. Hoffpauir doubled to deep left, Thurston to third. Ryan grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 9th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Duncan at first base. Phillips struck out swinging. Bruce flied out to left. Encarnacion lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 10 - Reds 1.	Cards pound Arroyo as Carpenter tames Reds