Reds - Top 1st. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Dickerson singled to right center. Dickerson stole second. Gonzalez singled to right, Dickerson to third. Votto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dickerson out at home, Gonzalez to second. Phillips walked, Gonzalez to third, Votto to second. Nix doubled to left, Gonzalez and Votto scored, Phillips to third. Gomes reached on infield single to shortstop, Phillips scored, Nix to third. Rosales struck out swinging. Hanigan grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Lehr pitching for Reds. Schumaker grounded out to second. Rasmus reached on infield single to third. Pujols popped out to third. Holliday singled to center, Rasmus to third. Ludwick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Lehr struck out swinging. Dickerson tripled to deep center. Gonzalez flied out to right. Votto singled to center, Dickerson scored. Phillips flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Lehr pitching for Reds. DeRosa singled to center. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, DeRosa out at second. Lugo reached on infield single to third. Boggs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Nix struck out looking. Gomes grounded out to second. Rosales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Lehr pitching for Reds. Schumaker walked. Rasmus flied out to right. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schumaker out at second. Holliday singled to left, Pujols to second. Ludwick singled to left, Pujols scored, Holliday to second. DeRosa grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ludwick out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Hanigan struck out swinging. Lehr grounded out to second. Dickerson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Lehr pitching for Reds. Molina singled to left. Lugo singled to right, Molina to second. Boggs sacrificed to catcher, Molina to third, Lugo to second. Schumaker flied out to left, Molina thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez doubled to left. Votto walked. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Votto out at second, Gonzalez to third. Nix popped out to second. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Lehr pitching for Reds. Rasmus flied out to center. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Holliday reached on infield single to third. Ludwick fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Rosales walked. Hanigan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rosales out at second. Lehr singled to left. Dickerson walked, Lehr to second. Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop, Lehr tagged out at home, Dickerson to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Lehr pitching for Reds. DeRosa lined out to center. Molina singled to left, Molina out stretching at second. Lugo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Votto grounded out to third. Phillips struck out swinging. Nix walked. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Ryan at shortstop. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Lehr pitching for Reds. Ryan singled to left. Dickerson in right field. Nix in left field. Herrera pitching for Reds. Taveras in center field. Schumaker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ryan out at second. Rasmus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Rosales walked. Hanigan bunt popped out foul to first. Taveras grounded out to shortstop, Rosales to second. Dickerson walked. Gonzalez singled to center, Rosales scored, Dickerson to third. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Votto lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Masset pitching for Reds. Pujols homered to center. Holliday struck out swinging. Ludwick flied out to center. DeRosa walked. Molina doubled to right center, DeRosa scored. Ankiel hit for Miller. Rhodes pitching for Reds. Ankiel popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Nix singled to right. Sutton hit for Rhodes. Sutton struck out swinging. Rosales grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Cordero pitching for Reds. Ryan singled to right. Ryan stole second. Schumaker grounded out to third. Rasmus reached on infield single to second, Ryan scored on throwing error by second baseman Phillips. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rasmus out at second. Pujols to second on wild pitch by Cordero. Holliday struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Reds 5 - Cardinals 4.	Lehr, Gonzalez lead way as Reds edge Cards