Padres - Top 1st. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera grounded out to first. Eckstein walked. Gonzalez singled to right center, Eckstein to third. Headley singled to right, Eckstein scored, Gonzalez to second. Kouzmanoff flied out to left. Gonzalez to third, Headley to second on wild pitch by Pineiro. Venable struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Schumaker grounded out to second. Rasmus singled to left. Pujols doubled to deep right center, Rasmus scored. Holliday homered to center, Pujols scored. Ludwick struck out swinging. DeRosa struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Blanks grounded out to third. Hundley grounded out to third. Stauffer singled to center. Cabrera singled to right, Stauffer to third. Eckstein struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Lugo doubled to shallow left. Pineiro struck out swinging. Schumaker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez homered to left. Headley grounded out to first. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. Venable reached on infield single to third. Blanks grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Venable out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Rasmus doubled to right. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Holliday flied out to left. Ludwick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. Stauffer grounded out to third. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. DeRosa struck out swinging. Molina walked. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Molina out at second. Pineiro walked, Lugo to second. Schumaker singled to center, Lugo scored, Pineiro to third. Rasmus grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Eckstein grounded out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Headley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Pujols walked. Holliday struck out looking. Ludwick struck out swinging. DeRosa singled to center, Pujols to second. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeRosa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 6th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Kouzmanoff flied out to center. Venable struck out looking. Blanks hit by pitch. Hundley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blanks out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Venable in right field. Burke pitching for Padres. Gwynn in center field. Lugo singled to right. Pineiro sacrificed to first, Lugo to second. Schumaker singled to left, Lugo scored. Rasmus singled to right, Schumaker to second. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rasmus out at second, Schumaker to third. Holliday flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Ryan at shortstop. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Gwynn grounded out to first. Cabrera struck out swinging. Eckstein singled to center. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez singled to center, Eckstein to second. Headley singled to center, Eckstein scored, Gonzalez to second. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Headley to second. Venable walked, Headley to third, Kouzmanoff to second. Salazar hit for Burke. Venable picked off first. Salazar batting. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Ludwick doubled to left. DeRosa singled to left, Ludwick scored. Molina hit ground rule double to deep left center, DeRosa to third. Ryan grounded out to shortstop, DeRosa scored, Molina to third. Thurston hit for McClellan. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Thurston popped out to pitcher. Greene hit for Schumaker. Greene intentionally walked. Molina caught stealing home, pitcher to catcher. Rasmus batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Thurston at second base. Rodriguez hit for Thatcher. Rodriguez grounded out to first. Hundley flied out to right. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Gwynn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Webb pitching for Padres. Rasmus grounded out to first. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera walked. Eckstein popped out to second. Gonzalez flied out to right. Cabrera to second on fielder's indifference. Headley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 4 - Cardinals 7.	Cards' Pineiro extends winning streak to five