Mets - Top 1st. Pomeranz pitching for Rockies. Nieuwenhuis singled to center, Nieuwenhuis to second on error by center fielder Fowler. Tejada grounded out to shortstop, Nieuwenhuis to third. Murphy struck out swinging. Wright walked. Nieuwenhuis scored, Wright caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to first to second to first. Hairston batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Schwinden pitching for Mets. Scutaro tripled to deep right. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Scutaro scored. Tulowitzki homered to left (415 feet). Helton tripled to deep right. Cuddyer grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Pomeranz pitching for Rockies. Hairston singled to center. Duda struck out swinging. Lutz struck out swinging. Nickeas reached on infield single to second, Hairston hit by batted ball out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Schwinden pitching for Mets. Hernandez grounded out to second. Fowler lined out to left. Pomeranz singled to center. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Pomeranz pitching for Rockies. Schwinden fouled out to first. Nieuwenhuis walked. Tejada singled to right, Nieuwenhuis to third. Murphy popped out to shortstop. Wright grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Schwinden pitching for Mets. Herrera popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to center. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Helton lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Pomeranz pitching for Rockies. Hairston homered to left (363 feet). Duda hit by pitch. Lutz struck out swinging. Nickeas walked, Duda to second. Schwinden bunt popped out to pitcher. Duda to third, Nickeas to second on wild pitch by Pomeranz. Nieuwenhuis flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Schwinden pitching for Mets. Cuddyer flied out to center. Hernandez grounded out to third. Fowler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Rockies. Tejada singled to left. Murphy struck out swinging. Wright struck out swinging. Hairston tripled to deep center, Tejada scored. Duda singled to right, Hairston scored. Lutz singled to center, Duda to second. Nickeas singled to left, Duda scored, Lutz to second. Schwinden singled to right, Lutz scored, Nickeas to third. Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Young Jr. hit for Rogers. Schwinden pitching for Mets. Young Jr. safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Schwinden. Young Jr. stole second. Young Jr. safe at third on throwing error by catcher Nickeas. Scutaro walked. Herrera singled to right, Young Jr. scored, Scutaro to second. Gonzalez homered to center (438 feet), Scutaro and Herrera scored. Acosta pitching for Mets. Tulowitzki singled to right. Helton singled to right, Tulowitzki to second. Cuddyer walked, Tulowitzki to third, Helton to second. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tulowitzki scored, Helton out at third, Cuddyer to second. Fowler homered to right (404 feet), Cuddyer and Hernandez scored. Young Jr. walked. Scutaro singled to right, Young Jr. to third. Herrera hit by pitch, Scutaro to second. Gonzalez singled to right, Young Jr. and Scutaro scored, Herrera to third, Herrera scored, Gonzalez to second on throwing error by first baseman Lutz. Batista pitching for Mets. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Helton grounded out to first. 11 Runs, 7 Hits, 4 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Roenicke pitching for Rockies. Tejada singled to left center. Murphy flied out to center. Wright walked, Tejada to second. Hairston doubled to deep left, Tejada and Wright scored. Duda singled to center, Hairston scored. Lutz flied out to right. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Thole hit for Nickeas. Thole singled to center, Duda to second. Turner hit for Batista. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thole out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Thole catching. Ramirez pitching for Mets. Cuddyer singled to center, Cuddyer out stretching at second. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Fowler singled to center. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging. Tejada singled to center. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tejada out at second. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Wright singled to center, Murphy to second. Hairston struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Mets. Scutaro singled to right. Herrera reached first base on catcher's interference, Scutaro to second. Herrera batting. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Tulowitzki fouled out to first. Helton singled to left center, Scutaro scored, Herrera to second. Cuddyer walked, Herrera to third, Helton to second. Parnell pitching for Mets. Baxter in left field. Hernandez homered to right (392 feet), Herrera, Helton and Cuddyer scored. Fowler reached on infield single to second, Fowler to second on throwing error by second baseman Murphy. Belisle grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Duda grounded out to second. Lutz struck out swinging. Thole grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Parnell pitching for Mets. Scutaro singled to right. Herrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Scutaro out at second. Byrdak pitching for Mets. Gonzalez flied out to center. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Herrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Baxter struck out swinging. Nieuwenhuis grounded out to second. Tejada struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 9 - Rockies 18.	Rockies' 11-run inning trumps cycle by Met