Mets - Top 1st. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Torres walked. Nieuwenhuis walked, Torres to second. Wright singled to left, Torres scored, Nieuwenhuis to second. Duda grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wright out at second, Nieuwenhuis to third. Murphy walked. Davis struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Dickey pitching for Mets. Reyes grounded out to third. Infante flied out to center. Ramirez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Cedeno struck out looking. Nickeas popped out to first. Dickey singled to right. Torres flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Dickey pitching for Mets. Morrison singled to right. Stanton singled to shallow left, Morrison to second. Sanchez singled to center, Morrison scored, Sanchez to second, Stanton to second, Stanton thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Bonifacio fouled out to third. Hayes flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Nieuwenhuis flied out to center. Wright homered to right (372 feet). Duda struck out swinging. Murphy grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Dickey pitching for Mets. Nolasco grounded out to first. Reyes singled to right. Infante singled to left, Reyes to second. Ramirez flied out to right, Reyes to third. Morrison grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Davis popped out to first. Cedeno singled to center. Nickeas singled to right, Cedeno to second. Dickey sacrificed to pitcher, Cedeno to third, Nickeas to second. Torres reached first base on catcher's interference. Torres batting. Nieuwenhuis singled to right, Cedeno scored, Nickeas to third, Torres to second. Wright grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nieuwenhuis out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Dickey pitching for Mets. Stanton grounded out to pitcher. Sanchez doubled to left. Bonifacio grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sanchez out at third. Hayes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Duda singled to center. Murphy reached on infield single to third, Duda to third. Davis grounded out to catcher, Murphy to second. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to second, Duda out at home, Murphy to third. Nickeas hit by pitch, Cedeno to second. Dickey hit by pitch, Murphy scored, Cedeno to third, Nickeas to second. Torres singled to right, Cedeno and Nickeas scored, Dickey to second. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Nieuwenhuis struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Dickey pitching for Mets. Dunn grounded out to pitcher. Reyes singled to left. Infante grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reyes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Wright singled to right. Duda singled to center, Wright to third. Murphy singled to left, Wright scored, Duda to second. Davis struck out swinging. Gaudin pitching for Marlins. Murphy at second base. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to second, Murphy out at second, Duda to third. Nickeas grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Dickey pitching for Mets. Ramirez popped out to first. Morrison singled to center. Stanton doubled to deep right, Morrison scored. Sanchez lined out to center. Bonifacio walked. Hayes lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Valdespin hit for Dickey. Gaudin pitching for Marlins. Valdespin flied out to left. Torres walked. Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging. Wright grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Acosta pitching for Mets. Murphy struck out looking. Reyes singled to right center. Kearns hit for Gaudin. Kearns grounded out to third, Reyes to second. Ramirez doubled to deep left, Reyes scored. Byrdak pitching for Mets. Morrison struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Kearns in left field. Webb pitching for Marlins. Duda doubled to deep left. Murphy singled to left center, Duda to third. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Duda out at home, Murphy to second. Murphy stole third. Cedeno grounded out to second, Murphy scored, Davis to second. Nickeas struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Parnell pitching for Mets. Stanton flied out to center. Sanchez grounded out to first. Bonifacio grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Baxter hit for Parnell. Baxter doubled to deep center. Torres popped out to first. Nieuwenhuis flied out to right. Baxter to third on wild pitch by Cishek. Wright singled to right, Baxter scored. Duda flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Carrasco pitching for Mets. Baxter in right field. Mattison hit for Hayes. Mattison grounded out to first. Murphy struck out swinging. Reyes singled to center. Kearns singled to center, Reyes to second. Ramirez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 9 - Marlins 3.	Wright's homer, 3 singles drive Mets