Mets - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Torres struck out swinging. Nieuwenhuis flied out to center. Wright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Niese pitching for Mets. Reyes walked. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to third, Reyes out at second. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop, Infante to second. Infante to third on wild pitch by Niese. Kearns struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Duda flied out to left. Murphy walked. Cedeno grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Niese pitching for Mets. Stanton singled to center. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stanton out at second. Bonifacio singled to right, Sanchez to second. Buck walked, Sanchez to third, Bonifacio to second. Zambrano struck out swinging. Reyes popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Valdespin struck out swinging. Johnson singled to center. Niese sacrificed to catcher, Johnson to second. Torres grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Niese pitching for Mets. Infante flied out to left. Ramirez singled to center. Kearns grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Nieuwenhuis reached on infield single to second. Wright singled to right, Nieuwenhuis to second. Nieuwenhuis to third, Wright to second on passed ball by Buck. Duda grounded out to second, Nieuwenhuis scored, Wright to third. Murphy singled to left, Wright scored. Cedeno grounded out to third, Murphy to second. Valdespin flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Niese pitching for Mets. Stanton singled to right. Sanchez struck out swinging. Bonifacio grounded into double play, third to second to first, Stanton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Johnson struck out swinging. Niese struck out swinging. Torres flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Niese pitching for Mets. Buck flied out to center. Zambrano struck out swinging. Reyes walked. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reyes out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging. Wright walked. Duda struck out swinging. Wright caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Murphy batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Niese pitching for Mets. Ramirez grounded out to third. Kearns singled to right. Stanton grounded out to catcher, Kearns to second. Sanchez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Zambrano pitching for Marlins. Murphy grounded out to first. Cedeno walked. Valdespin reached on bunt single to pitcher, Cedeno to second. Johnson grounded out to shortstop, Cedeno to third, Valdespin to second. Davis hit for Niese. Davis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Mets. Bonifacio tripled to deep right center. Buck homered to left center (409 feet), Bonifacio scored. Morrison hit for Zambrano. Morrison flied out to center. Reyes singled to right. Infante flied out to center. Reyes stole second. Ramirez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Mujica pitching for Marlins. Torres struck out swinging. Nieuwenhuis singled to right center. Wright grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Nieuwenhuis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Rauch pitching for Mets. Kearns grounded out to third. Stanton struck out swinging. Sanchez fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Bell pitching for Marlins. Duda flied out to left. Murphy doubled to left. Cedeno walked. Valdespin grounded out to pitcher, Murphy to third, Cedeno to second. Baxter hit for Johnson. Baxter intentionally walked. Turner hit for Rauch. Turner doubled to right, Murphy and Cedeno scored, Baxter to third. Torres flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Nickeas catching. Francisco pitching for Mets. Bonifacio tripled to deep left center. Buck walked. Hayes ran for Buck. Dobbs hit for Bell. Dobbs singled to center, Bonifacio scored, Hayes to third. Acosta pitching for Mets. Reyes hit sacrifice fly to center, Hayes scored. Infante popped out to second. Ramirez walked, Dobbs to second. Kearns hit by pitch, Dobbs to third, Ramirez to second. Stanton homered to left center (432 feet), Dobbs, Ramirez and Kearns scored. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 4 - Marlins 8.	Stanton's walk-off slam lifts Marlins