Cardinals - Top 1st. Dickey pitching for Mets. Furcal grounded out to third. Descalso struck out swinging. Holliday flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging. Torres grounded out to first. Wright hit ground rule double to deep right. Duda walked. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Dickey pitching for Mets. Beltran doubled to center. Freese flied out to left. Molina reached on infield single to third, Beltran to third. Adams grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Davis singled to right. Quintanilla hit by pitch, Davis to second. Thole reached on infield single to first, Davis to third, Quintanilla to second. Dickey safe at first on error by first baseman Adams, Davis scored, Quintanilla to third, Thole to second. Nieuwenhuis grounded out to first, Quintanilla scored, Thole to third, Dickey to second. Torres grounded out to shortstop, Thole scored, Dickey to third. Wright grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Dickey pitching for Mets. Robinson singled to right. Lynn struck out bunting foul. Furcal grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Robinson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Duda flied out to left. Murphy flied out to right. Davis walked. Quintanilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Dickey pitching for Mets. Descalso struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to third. Beltran fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Thole reached on infield single to shortstop. Dickey sacrificed to pitcher, Thole to second. Nieuwenhuis grounded out to second, Thole to third. Torres grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Dickey pitching for Mets. Freese flied out to left. Molina grounded out to second. Adams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Wright walked. Duda struck out looking. Murphy singled to left center, Wright to second. Davis flied out to left, Wright to third, Murphy to second on throwing error by left fielder Holliday. Quintanilla walked. Descalso at first base. Marte pitching for Cardinals. Greene at second base. Thole grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Dickey pitching for Mets. Robinson doubled to left. Greene struck out swinging. Furcal flied out to left. Descalso reached on infield single to second, Robinson to third. Holliday struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Marte pitching for Cardinals. Dickey grounded out to third. Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging. Torres singled to shallow right center. Wright grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Dickey pitching for Mets. Beltran grounded out to second. Freese flied out to right. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Marte pitching for Cardinals. Duda singled to center. Murphy doubled to left, Duda to third. Sanchez pitching for Cardinals. Davis struck out swinging. Quintanilla intentionally walked. Thole grounded into fielder's choice to second, Duda out at home, Murphy to third, Quintanilla to second. Murphy scored, Quintanilla to third, Thole to second on wild pitch by Sanchez. Dickey grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Chambers hit for Sanchez. Dickey pitching for Mets. Chambers struck out swinging. Robinson struck out swinging. Greene struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Nieuwenhuis grounded out to pitcher. Torres struck out looking. Wright homered to right (373 feet). Duda struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Dickey pitching for Mets. Furcal reached on bunt single to third. Descalso singled to left, Furcal to second. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Descalso out at second, Furcal to third. Beltran lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 0 - Mets 5.	Dickey, Mets shut out Cards again