Mets - Top 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Torres hit by pitch. Torres caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Tejada walked. Wright reached on infield single to second, Tejada to second. Hairston singled to left, Tejada scored, Wright to third, Hairston out stretching at second. Duda flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Gee pitching for Mets. Gordon popped out to shortstop. Ellis doubled to deep right center. Abreu struck out swinging. Rivera doubled to deep right, Ellis scored. Kennedy grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Turner grounded out to pitcher. Cedeno grounded out to pitcher. Nickeas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Gee pitching for Mets. Loney grounded out to first. Uribe struck out swinging. Gwynn grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Gee walked. Torres struck out swinging. Tejada singled to left, Gee to second. Wright grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tejada out at second, Gee to third, Gee scored, Wright to second on throwing error by shortstop Gordon. Hairston safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Gordon, Wright scored. Duda walked, Hairston to second. Turner flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Gee pitching for Mets. Kershaw flied out to left. Gordon singled to right. Ellis struck out swinging. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Cedeno struck out swinging. Nickeas grounded out to third. Gee singled to left. Torres struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Gee pitching for Mets. Rivera flied out to center. Kennedy singled to right. Loney grounded into double play, second to first, Kennedy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Tejada singled to left. Wright grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tejada out at second. Hairston struck out swinging. Duda struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Gee pitching for Mets. Uribe walked. Gwynn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Uribe safe at second on error by second baseman Cedeno. Kershaw sacrificed to third, Uribe to third, Gwynn to second. Gordon safe at first on error by first baseman Turner, Uribe scored, Gwynn to third. Ellis hit sacrifice fly to center, Gwynn scored. Gordon stole second. Abreu struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Turner grounded out to first. Cedeno grounded out to second. Nickeas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Gee pitching for Mets. Rivera walked. Kennedy hit ground rule double to deep right, Rivera to third. Loney grounded out to second, Rivera scored, Kennedy to third. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kennedy out at home. Gwynn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Uribe out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Quintanilla hit for Gee. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Quintanilla struck out swinging. Torres flied out to right. Tejada struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Mets. Herrera hit for Kershaw. Herrera flied out to left. Gordon singled to center. Gordon stole second. Ellis walked. Hampson pitching for Mets. Gordon stole third. Abreu walked, Ellis to second. Batista pitching for Mets. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gordon and Ellis scored on error by catcher Nickeas, Abreu safe at third on error by catcher Nickeas. Kennedy hit sacrifice fly to left, Abreu scored. Loney doubled to deep right, Rivera scored. Uribe walked. Gwynn struck out looking. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 8th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Herrera in left field. Wright struck out looking. Hairston grounded out to second. Duda grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Hefner pitching for Mets. Herrera grounded out to second. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Ellis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Van Slyke in left field. Herrera at shortstop. Turner struck out looking. Murphy hit for Cedeno. Murphy flied out to center. Thole hit for Nickeas. Thole struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 3 - Dodgers 8.	Sloppy Mets help Dodgers end slide \n\n