Rangers - Top 1st . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Matthews Jr singled to left . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matthews Jr out at second . Teixeira grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to right . Lopez sacrificed to pitcher , Suzuki to second . Ibanez singled to left center , Suzuki scored . Sexson lined out to left . Johjima flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Nevin struck out looking . Blalock safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez . Mench singled to left , Blalock to second . Wilkerson singled to center , Blalock to third , Mench to second . Laird struck out looking . Jimenez walked , Blalock scored , Mench to third , Wilkerson to second . Matthews Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jimenez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Everett struck out looking . Beltre grounded out to third . Reed flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Young flied out to center . Teixeira popped out to shortstop . Nevin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Betancourt flied out to right . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Lopez flied out to center . Suzuki caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ibanez batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Blalock singled to right . Mench singled to center , Blalock to second . Wilkerson walked , Blalock to third , Mench to second . Laird popped out to third . Jimenez batting . Matthews Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jimenez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Ibanez struck out swinging . Sexson struck out looking . Johjima doubled to deep left . Everett lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Young doubled to left . Teixeira doubled to deep left , Young scored . Nevin flied out to left , Teixeira to third . Blalock singled to right , Teixeira scored . Mench grounded out to third , Blalock to second . Wilkerson flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Beltre grounded out to first . Reed lined out to third . Betancourt singled to center . Suzuki singled to left , Betancourt to second . Lopez reached on infield single to second , Betancourt to third , Suzuki to second . Ibanez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Laird grounded out to third . Jimenez grounded out to third . Matthews Jr grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Sexson fouled out to first . Johjima lined out to left . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Everett popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Young singled to center . Teixeira singled to center , Young to third . Nevin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Teixeira out at third , Nevin to second . Blalock singled to center , Young and Nevin scored , Blalock thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Mench struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Beltre struck out swinging . Reed singled to center . Betancourt singled to left center , Reed to second . Suzuki singled to center , Reed scored , Betancourt to third . Lopez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Laird flied out to center . Jimenez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Ibanez doubled to deep left center . Sexson singled to left , Ibanez to third . Alfonseca pitching for Rangers . Johjima grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ibanez scored , Sexson out at second . Everett doubled to deep right . Beltre doubled to deep right , Everett scored . Petagine hit for Betancourt . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Reed walked . Bloomquist at shortstop . Putz pitching for Mariners . Petagine grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Matthews Jr doubled to deep center . Young struck out looking . Matthews Jr stole third . Teixeira struck out swinging . Nevin walked . Brown in right field . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Blalock grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Suzuki hit by pitch . Lopez doubled to deep left , Suzuki to third . Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to right , Suzuki scored , Lopez to third . Lawton ran for Sexson . Sexson singled to left , Lopez scored . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Johjima singled to center , Lawton to second . Everett homered to left , Lawton and Johjima scored . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 6 - Mariners 9 .	Three - run Everett walk - off caps M 's rally vs. Rangers