Athletics - Top 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Kotsay flied out to left . Swisher walked . Chavez flied out to left . Thomas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Zito pitching for Athletics . Matthews Jr walked . Matthews Jr caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Young singled to left . Teixeira struck out looking . Nevin doubled to deep left , Young to third . Blalock walked . Mench hit by pitch , Young scored , Nevin to third , Blalock to second . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Bradley walked . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bradley out at second . Ellis lined out to right . Kendall flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Barajas flied out to right . Jimenez grounded out to shortstop . Matthews Jr popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Payton struck out looking . Kotsay singled to center . Swisher hit by pitch , Kotsay to second . Chavez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Swisher out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Young walked . Teixeira struck out looking . Young caught stealing second , catcher to second . Nevin singled to left . Blalock homered to right , Nevin scored . Mench homered to left . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Thomas walked . Bradley walked , Thomas to second . Crosby struck out looking . Ellis grounded out to second , Thomas to third , Bradley to second . Swisher in left field . Johnson at first base . Payton in right field . Kendall grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Barajas flied out to center . Jimenez struck out swinging . Matthews Jr walked . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Payton doubled to left . Kotsay doubled to left , Payton scored . Swisher grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kotsay out at third . Chavez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Swisher out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Teixeira flied out to left . Nevin homered to left . Blalock grounded out to first . Mench flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Thomas grounded out to shortstop . Johnson singled to right . Crosby struck out swinging . Ellis reached on infield single to second , Johnson to second . Kendall singled to center , Johnson scored , Ellis to second . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Payton safe at first on error by second baseman Jimenez , Ellis scored , Kendall to third . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Payton out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Wilkerson grounded out to second . Barajas grounded out to shortstop . Alfonseca pitching for Rangers . Jimenez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Alfonseca pitching for Rangers . Swisher singled to center . Chavez flied out to center . Thomas grounded out to third , Swisher to second . Halsey pitching for Athletics . Johnson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Halsey pitching for Athletics . Matthews Jr grounded out to third . Young reached on infield single to second . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Teixeira struck out swinging . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Nevin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Crosby struck out swinging . Ellis safe at first on error by shortstop Young . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ellis out at second . Payton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Blalock singled to right . Mench popped out to first . Wilkerson walked , Blalock to second . Barajas singled to right , Blalock to third , Wilkerson to second . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Jimenez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Barajas out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Kotsay singled to left . Swisher walked , Kotsay to second . Chavez grounded out to first , Kotsay to third , Swisher to second . Thomas grounded out to shortstop , Kotsay scored . Johnson doubled to deep left center , Swisher scored . Johnson to third on wild pitch by Cordero . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Crosby grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Young grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira doubled to deep right . Nevin walked . Blalock singled to center , Teixeira scored , Nevin to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 5 - Rangers 6 .	Blalock 's two - out single in ninth lifts Rangers to win