Yankees - Top 1st . Tejeda pitching for Rangers . Damon popped out to second . Jeter struck out swinging . Giambi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Wang pitching for Yankees . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . Young grounded out to second . Teixeira grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Tejeda pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third . Matsui singled to right , Rodriguez to second . Cano grounded out to first , Rodriguez to third , Matsui to second . Williams grounded out to second , Rodriguez scored , Matsui to third . Crosby struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Nevin struck out looking . Blalock grounded out to third . Mench grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Tejeda pitching for Rangers . Stinnett flied out to right . Damon grounded out to second . Jeter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Wilkerson doubled to deep right . DeRosa grounded out to shortstop , Wilkerson to third . Laird grounded out to shortstop , Wilkerson scored . Matthews Jr flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Tejeda pitching for Rangers . Giambi walked . Rodriguez singled to center , Giambi to second . Matsui homered to right , Giambi and Rodriguez scored . Cano singled to center . Williams reached on infield single to second , Cano to third . Crosby hit by pitch , Williams to second . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Stinnett singled to left , Cano and Williams scored , Crosby to second . Damon fouled out to first . Jeter struck out swinging . Giambi lined out to left . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Young reached on infield single to pitcher . Teixeira singled to right , Young to second . Nevin flied out to center . Blalock lined out to center . Mench grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Matsui walked . Cano grounded into double play , third to second to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Wilkerson flied out to left . DeRosa singled to center . Laird grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , DeRosa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Williams grounded out to shortstop . Crosby singled to center . Stinnett doubled to left , Crosby to third . Alfonseca pitching for Rangers . Damon grounded out to shortstop , Crosby scored , Stinnett to third . Jeter grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Matthews Jr reached on infield single to second . Young flied out to center . Brown ran for Matthews Jr. Teixeira doubled to deep right , Matthews Jr to third . Nevin struck out swinging . Blalock singled to left center , Brown and Teixeira scored . Brown in center field . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Mench flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Giambi grounded out to second . Rodriguez struck out looking . Matsui walked . Cano singled to center , Matsui to third . Williams singled to left , Matsui scored , Cano to third . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Crosby grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Wilkerson walked . DeRosa grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Wilkerson safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Sturtze . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Laird walked , Wilkerson to third , DeRosa to second . Brown grounded out to first , Wilkerson scored , DeRosa to third , Laird to second . Young grounded out to third . Teixeira struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Stinnett flied out to right . Damon singled to center . Jeter grounded out to third , Damon to second . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Phillips ran for Giambi . Giambi walked . Damon stole third , Phillips stole second . Phillips at first base . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Nevin grounded out to third . Blalock grounded out to second . Mench walked . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Matsui walked . Cano flied out to center . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Williams grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . DeRosa singled to center . Laird grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeRosa out at second . Brown safe at first on error by first baseman Phillips . Brown to second on fielder 's indifference . Young singled to center , Brown scored . Young to second on fielder 's indifference . Teixeira grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Yankees 8 - Rangers 5 .	Torre wins 1,000th with Yankees