Athletics - Top 1st . Loe pitching for Rangers . Kendall singled to center . Swisher singled to right , Kendall to second . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Swisher out at second , Kendall to third . Chavez walked , Kotsay to second . Thomas batting . Crosby hit sacrifice fly to center , Kotsay scored . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thomas out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Zito pitching for Athletics . Matthews Jr walked . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matthews Jr out at second . Teixeira struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Loe pitching for Rangers . Johnson singled to center . Ellis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . Kendall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Blalock struck out looking . Nevin struck out swinging . Mench doubled to deep center . DeRosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Loe pitching for Rangers . Swisher lined out to right . Kotsay grounded out to first . Chavez doubled to deep center . Thomas walked . Crosby reached on infield single to shortstop , Chavez to third , Thomas to second . Payton safe at second on error by third baseman Blalock , Chavez and Thomas scored , Crosby to third . Johnson grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Barajas flied out to center . Kinsler flied out to left . Matthews Jr singled to center . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matthews Jr out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Ellis grounded out to third . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Swisher grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Teixeira doubled to deep left . Blalock popped out to shortstop . Nevin flied out to left . Mench walked . DeRosa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Kotsay singled to right center . Chavez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kotsay out at second . Thomas singled to center . Crosby grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Barajas grounded out to third . Kinsler flied out to left . Matthews Jr struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Payton singled to left . Johnson singled to right , Payton to second . Ellis struck out swinging . Kendall struck out swinging . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Swisher tripled to deep right , Payton and Johnson scored . Kotsay flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Young grounded out to second . Teixeira hit by pitch . Blalock walked , Teixeira to second . Nevin homered to left , Teixeira and Blalock scored . Mench grounded out to shortstop . DeRosa grounded out to third . Thomas walked , Chavez to second . Crosby popped out to second . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Thomas out at second , Chavez to third . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Barajas flied out to right . Kinsler grounded out to pitcher . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Ellis grounded out to pitcher . Kendall grounded out to second . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Swisher hit by pitch . Kotsay fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Young grounded out to third . Teixeira walked . Street pitching for Athletics . Blalock walked , Teixeira to second . Nevin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blalock out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Chavez struck out looking . Thomas popped out to first . Crosby singled to right . Payton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Street pitching for Athletics . Mench grounded out to first . DeRosa grounded out to second . Laird ran for Barajas . Barajas singled to center . Kinsler lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Rangers 3 .	Zito , A 's top Rangers to snap seven - game losing skid