Mariners - Top 1st . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to left center . Beltre singled to left , Suzuki to second . Lopez grounded out to pitcher , Suzuki to third , Beltre to second . Ibanez struck out looking . Suzuki scored , Beltre to third on passed ball by Laird . Everett singled to right , Beltre scored . Bloomquist in left field . Petagine struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Meche pitching for Mariners . Matthews Jr popped out to shortstop . Young doubled to deep center . Teixeira struck out swinging . Blalock walked . DeRosa lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Johjima singled to right . Reed reached on infield single to shortstop , Johjima to second . Betancourt flied out to center . Suzuki walked , Johjima to third , Reed to second . Beltre grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Laird fouled out to first . Botts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Lopez flied out to center . Bloomquist doubled to left . Bloomquist to third on wild pitch by Millwood , Bloomquist scored on throwing error by catcher Laird . Everett singled to deep center , Everett to second on error by center fielder Matthews Jr. Petagine struck out swinging . Everett to third on wild pitch by Millwood . Johjima flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Kinsler doubled to left . Matthews Jr grounded out to first , Kinsler to third . Young homered to right center , Kinsler scored . Teixeira singled to right . Blalock singled to right , Teixeira to second . DeRosa walked , Teixeira to third , Blalock to second . Wilkerson homered to right , Teixeira , Blalock and DeRosa scored . Laird singled to right . Laird stole second . Botts flied out to center , Laird to third . Kinsler walked . Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Reed grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Young flied out to center . Teixeira grounded out to first . Blalock grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Beltre grounded out to second . Lopez flied out to left . Bloomquist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Meche pitching for Mariners . DeRosa singled to center . Wilkerson grounded into double play , first to shortstop , DeRosa out at second . Laird walked . Botts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Everett singled to left . Petagine flied out to right . Johjima singled to left , Everett to second . Reed flied out to right . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Everett scored on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler , Johjima safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Kinsler popped out to second . Matthews Jr walked . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Young reached on infield single to third , Matthews Jr to second . Teixeira grounded into double play , third to second to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Beltre walked . Lopez safe at first on error by pitcher Feldman , Beltre to second . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Bloomquist lined out to center . Sexson hit for Petagine . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Everett popped out to second . Sexson at first base . Sexson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Blalock grounded out to shortstop . DeRosa struck out swinging . Wilkerson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Johjima grounded out to third . Reed batting . Reed caught stealing second , catcher to second . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Laird popped out to second . Botts singled to center . Kinsler flied out to left . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Matthews Jr lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to center . Beltre grounded out to pitcher , Suzuki to second . Lopez struck out swinging . Bloomquist walked . Everett struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 4 - Rangers 6 .	Wilkerson grand slam sends M 's to sixth straight loss