Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Loe pitching for Rangers . Counsell singled to center . Counsell stole second , Counsell safe at third on throwing error by catcher Barajas . DaVanon doubled to left , Counsell scored . Tracy batting . Clark struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Matthews Jr singled to left . Young singled to right , Matthews Jr to second . Teixeira singled to left , Matthews Jr scored , Young to second . Blalock flied out to left . DeRosa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teixeira out at second , Young to third . Mench batting . Kinsler tripled to deep right , DeRosa , Mench and Wilkerson scored . Barajas struck out looking . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Loe pitching for Rangers . Green struck out swinging . Estrada grounded out to second . Byrnes homered to left . Hudson homered to right . Counsell flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop . Young doubled to deep right . Teixeira flied out to left . Blalock grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Loe pitching for Rangers . DaVanon walked . Tracy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DaVanon out at second . Gonzalez singled to right , Tracy to second . Castro pitching for Rangers . Clark singled to right , Tracy to third , Gonzalez to second . Green grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Clark out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . DeRosa lined out to center . Mench walked . Wilkerson batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Castro pitching for Rangers . Estrada lined out to right . Byrnes grounded out to third . Hudson popped out to first . Matthews Jr popped out to shortstop . Young homered to left , Barajas scored . Teixeira flied out to center . Blalock grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Castro pitching for Rangers . Counsell grounded out to pitcher . DaVanon walked . Tracy batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . DeRosa singled to center . Mench popped out to second . Wilkerson safe at first on error by second baseman Hudson , DeRosa to second . Kinsler flied out to left . Barajas fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Castro pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez walked . Clark walked , Gonzalez to second . Green walked , Gonzalez to third , Clark to second . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Estrada reached on infield single to second , Gonzalez scored , Clark to third , Green to second . Byrnes hit sacrifice fly to center , Clark scored . Hudson batting . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . DaVanon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Matthews Jr lined out to left . Young singled to left . Teixeira struck out swinging . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Blalock lined out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Clark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . DeRosa grounded out to third . Mench struck out swinging . Wilkerson singled to deep right . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Kinsler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Green homered to right center . Estrada lined out to second . Byrnes struck out swinging . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Hudson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Barajas reached on infield single to shortstop . Laird ran for Barajas . Matthews Jr singled to right , Laird to second . Young singled to right , Laird scored , Matthews Jr to second . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Teixeira doubled to deep center , Matthews Jr and Young scored . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Blalock popped out to third . DeRosa grounded out to second , Teixeira to third . Hairston Jr in left field . Laird catching . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Mench grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Counsell reached on bunt single to second . Counsell caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . DaVanon grounded out to first . Tracy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Rangers 10 .	Young 's five hits lead Rangers to sweep of D - Backs