Astros - Top 1st . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Biggio grounded out to first . Lamb singled to center . Ensberg grounded out to , Lamb tagged out at second . Berkman singled to left , Ensberg to second . Wilson walked , Ensberg to third , Berkman to second . Munson singled to right , Ensberg and Berkman scored , Wilson to third . Burke popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Matthews Jr grounded out to third . DeRosa struck out swinging . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Everett singled to left , Everett out stretching at second . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . Biggio doubled to left . Lamb flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Teixeira struck out swinging . Blalock walked . Mench flied out to center . Blalock to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Kinsler doubled to deep center , Blalock scored . Laird doubled to deep left , Kinsler scored . Hairston Jr singled to left , Laird scored , Hairston Jr to second advancing on throw . Matthews Jr doubled to left , Hairston Jr scored . DeRosa flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Ensberg lined out to left . Berkman flied out to center . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Young grounded out to third . Teixeira flied out to center . Blalock flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Munson flied out to center . Burke singled to left . Everett singled to center , Burke to second . Taveras doubled to deep left center , Burke and Everett scored . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Biggio singled to left center , Taveras scored . Lamb singled to center , Biggio to second . Ensberg doubled to deep left , Biggio scored , Lamb to third . Berkman struck out swinging . Wilson intentionally walked . Munson doubled to deep right , Lamb , Ensberg and Wilson scored . Burke grounded out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Mench grounded out to third . Kinsler hit ground rule double to deep right center . Laird grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kinsler out at third . Hairston Jr walked , Laird to second . Matthews Jr doubled to left , Laird scored , Hairston Jr to third . Feldman pitching for Rangers . DeRosa lined out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Everett flied out to right . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . Biggio walked . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Young struck out swinging . Teixeira grounded out to third . Blalock grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Ensberg grounded out to third . Berkman singled to center . Wilson popped out to second . Munson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Mench grounded out to second . Qualls pitching for Astros . Kinsler doubled to left . Laird hit by pitch . Hairston Jr grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Laird out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Burke lined out to third . Everett grounded out to third . Taveras reached on infield single to pitcher . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Biggio hit by pitch . Lamb lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Matthews Jr singled to left . DeRosa grounded into double play , third to second to first , Matthews Jr out at second . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Ensberg flied out to right . Berkman singled to left . Miller pitching for Astros . Wilson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Berkman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Astros . Teixeira struck out swinging . Springer pitching for Astros . Blalock struck out swinging . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Mench flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Munson singled to center . Burke grounded into double play , third to second to first , Munson out at second . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Everett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Kinsler flied out to center . Laird struck out swinging . Hairston Jr walked . Lidge pitching for Astros . Matthews Jr singled to shallow right , Hairston Jr to third . Matthews Jr to second on wild pitch by Lidge . DeRosa flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 9 - Rangers 5 .	Millwood leaves with biceps strain in Rangers ' loss