Rangers - Top 1st . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler flied out to center . Young grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Rheinecker pitching for Rangers . Roberts grounded out to third . Mora hit by pitch . Tejada singled to right , Mora to second , Mora scored , Tejada to second on error by right fielder DeRosa . Conine grounded out to shortstop , Tejada to third . Hernandez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Teixeira struck out looking . DeRosa singled to left . Blalock struck out swinging . Mench grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Rheinecker pitching for Rangers . Lopez grounded out to third . Millar flied out to right . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Laird grounded out to shortstop . Hairston Jr struck out swinging . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Rheinecker pitching for Rangers . Terrero grounded out to pitcher . Roberts hit ground rule double to deep right . Mora grounded out to shortstop , Roberts to third . Tejada walked . Conine doubled to left , Roberts scored , Tejada to third . Hernandez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Kinsler singled to left . Young flied into double play , center to first , Kinsler doubled off first . Teixeira flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Rheinecker pitching for Rangers . Lopez grounded out to third . Millar singled to center . Markakis singled to right , Millar to second . Terrero grounded out to pitcher , Millar to third , Markakis to second . Roberts walked . Mora hit ground rule double to deep right center , Millar and Markakis scored , Roberts to third . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop , Roberts scored , Mora to third . Conine singled to right , Mora scored , Tejada to second . Hernandez singled to right , Tejada scored , Hernandez out at second , Conine to third . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Bedard pitching for Orioles . DeRosa grounded out to third . Blalock grounded out to shortstop . Mench flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Lopez singled to left . Millar singled to left , Lopez to second . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Millar out at second , Lopez to third . Terrero singled to center , Lopez scored , Markakis to third . Roberts grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Terrero out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Laird singled to left . Hairston Jr grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Laird out at second . Matthews Jr reached on infield single to third , Matthews Jr to second on throwing error by third baseman Mora . Kinsler singled to right , Matthews Jr scored . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Mora flied out to right . Tejada lined out to right . Conine flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Teixeira walked . Teixeira to second on wild pitch by Bedard . DeRosa reached on infield single to shortstop . Blalock struck out looking . Mench fouled out to third . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Laird lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Hernandez struck out swinging . Lopez walked . Millar flied out to right . Markakis singled to right , Lopez to second . Terrero walked , Lopez to third , Markakis to second . Hawkins pitching for Orioles . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Terrero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Hawkins pitching for Orioles . Hairston Jr grounded out to third . Matthews Jr struck out looking . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Kinsler lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Mora lined out to center . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Conine singled to right . Fahey at shortstop . Patterson in center field . Terrero in left field . Ray pitching for Orioles . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Ray pitching for Orioles . Young struck out swinging . Teixeira struck out looking . DeRosa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 1 - Orioles 8 .	Bedard sizzles , bats come alive as O 's trounce Rangers