Rangers - Top 1st . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Matthews Jr flied out to left . Kinsler doubled to deep right center . Young grounded out to second , Kinsler to third . Teixeira walked . DeRosa flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Johnson lined out to center . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Mench singled to left . Laird flied out to right . Hairston Jr grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Mench out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Molina singled to center . Overbay flied out to left . Hill singled to center , Molina to second . Mottola safe at first on error by third baseman DeRosa , Molina to third , Hill to second . Hinske grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mottola out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 3rd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Guzman bunt grounded out to second . Matthews Jr fouled out to first . Kinsler popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Koronka pitching for Rangers . McDonald grounded out to pitcher . Johnson homered to left . Catalanotto flied out to center . Wells singled to center , Wells to second on error by center fielder Matthews Jr. Molina lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Young walked . Teixeira flied out to right . DeRosa popped out to second . Mench singled to left , Young to second . Laird singled to right , Young scored , Mench to third . Hairston Jr grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Overbay singled to left . Hill singled to right center , Overbay to second . Mottola struck out swinging . Hinske singled to center , Overbay scored , Hill to third . McDonald hit sacrifice fly to center , Hill scored . Johnson hit by pitch , Hinske to second . Catalanotto reached on infield single to second , Hinske to third , Johnson to second . Wells homered to left , Hinske , Johnson and Catalanotto scored . Molina doubled to deep center . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Overbay homered to left , Molina scored . Hill doubled to deep center . Mottola safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler , Hill scored . Hinske popped out to shortstop . 9 Runs , 8 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 5th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Guzman fouled out to catcher . Matthews Jr flied out to center . Kinsler grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . McDonald lined out to right . Johnson hit by pitch . Catalanotto grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at second . Wells grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Young singled to center . Young to second on wild pitch by Lilly . Teixeira flied out to center , Young to third . DeRosa struck out looking . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Mench grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Molina flied out to center . Overbay grounded out to second . Hill grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Laird singled to center . Hairston Jr struck out looking . Guzman reached on infield single to second , Laird to second . Matthews Jr flied out to center . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Laird out at third , Guzman to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Mottola struck out swinging . Hinske walked . McDonald struck out swinging . Johnson in center field . Adams at second base . Hill at shortstop . Hinske in right field . McDonald at third base . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Young grounded out to first . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . Littleton pitching for Rangers . DeRosa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Catalanotto grounded out to second . Adams popped out to shortstop . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Mench flied out to right . Laird lined out to right . Hairston Jr grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 1 - Blue Jays 10 .	Wells ' slam highlights nine - run 4th as Jays rout Rangers