Royals - Top 1st . Koronka pitching for Rangers . DeJesus popped out to second . German singled to center . Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher , German to second . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Redman pitching for Royals . Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop . Young doubled to deep center . Lee popped out to second . Teixeira grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Stairs grounded out to second . Buck struck out swinging . Teahen doubled to deep left . Berroa fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Redman pitching for Royals . Laird singled to left . Blalock singled to left , Laird to second . Kinsler sacrificed to pitcher , Laird to third , Blalock to second . DeRosa doubled to deep left , Laird and Blalock scored . DeRosa stole third . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Gathright grounded out to second . DeJesus singled to right . German struck out swinging . DeJesus stole second . Grudzielanek flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Redman pitching for Royals . Young homered to right center . Lee singled to left . Teixeira fouled out to left . Laird doubled to deep left center , Lee scored . Blalock flied out to center , Laird to third . Kinsler homered to left , Laird scored . DeRosa doubled to deep center . Cruz flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Brown homered to center . Stairs doubled to deep left center . Buck struck out swinging . Teahen struck out swinging , Teahen safe at first on wild pitch by Koronka , Stairs to third . Berroa grounded out to second , Stairs scored , Teahen to second . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Gathright grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Matthews Jr grounded out to third . Young reached on infield single to third . Lee doubled to deep center , Young scored . Teixeira intentionally walked . Laird grounded out to second , Lee to third , Teixeira to second . Blalock intentionally walked . Kinsler walked , Lee scored , Teixeira to third , Blalock to second . DeRosa singled to left , Teixeira and Blalock scored , Kinsler to third , Kinsler scored , DeRosa to third on throwing error by left fielder DeJesus . Cruz walked . Matthews Jr singled to center , DeRosa scored , Cruz to second . Young flied out to right . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 5th . Koronka pitching for Rangers . DeJesus doubled to deep left . German walked . Grudzielanek lined out to center . Brown flied out to left . Phillips at first base . Stairs flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Lee flied out to left . Teixeira walked . Teixeira to second on wild pitch by Duckworth . Laird singled to center , Teixeira to third . Blalock hit sacrifice fly to center , Teixeira scored . Kinsler singled to center , Laird to second . Nunez pitching for Royals . Rupe pitching for Rangers . DeRosa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kinsler out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Buck lined out to shortstop . Teahen grounded out to shortstop . Berroa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals . Cruz struck out swinging . Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop . Hairston Jr in center field . Young lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Gathright grounded out to third . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop . German reached on infield single to shortstop . Grudzielanek singled to center , German to second . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals . Lee safe at first on error by shortstop Berroa . Teixeira flied out to center . Laird struck out looking . Wilkerson in left field . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Blalock flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 8th . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Buck grounded out to first . Blanco at second base . Teahen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals . Kinsler doubled to left . DeRosa singled to left , Kinsler to third . Cruz singled to left , Kinsler scored , DeRosa to second . Hairston Jr fouled out to catcher . Young singled to right , DeRosa scored , Cruz to second . Barajas at first base . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Wilkerson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Young out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Berroa grounded out to shortstop . Gathright lined out to center . DeJesus hit by pitch . German flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 2 - Rangers 15 .	Young , DeRosa keep Rangers out of AL West cellar