Rangers - Top 1st . Silva pitching for Twins . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Young flied out to right . Lee popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Rheinecker pitching for Rangers . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Punto singled to center . Mauer singled to left center , Punto to second . Cuddyer doubled to center , Punto scored , Mauer to third . Morneau singled to center , Mauer scored , Cuddyer to third , Morneau to second on error by left fielder Lee . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cuddyer out at home , Morneau to third , Hunter to second . Rabe homered to left center , Morneau and Hunter scored . Tyner grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Silva pitching for Twins . Teixeira grounded out to second . Blalock singled to left . Kinsler bunt grounded out to pitcher , Blalock to second . DeRosa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Rheinecker pitching for Rangers . Bartlett singled to center . Castillo grounded out to shortstop , Bartlett to second . Punto singled to right , Bartlett scored . Mauer grounded out to second , Punto to second . Cuddyer reached on infield single to third , Punto to third . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Morneau reached on infield single to second , Punto scored , Cuddyer to second . Hunter singled to left , Cuddyer scored , Morneau to second . Rabe flied out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Silva pitching for Twins . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Laird grounded out to shortstop . Matthews Jr singled to right . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Tyner grounded out to first . Bartlett flied out to center . Castillo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Silva pitching for Twins . Lee grounded out to third . Teixeira singled to center . Blalock flied out to left . Kinsler lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Punto walked . Mauer flied out to left . Cuddyer fouled out to first . Morneau singled to left center , Punto to third . Hunter homered to left center , Punto and Morneau scored . Rabe struck out swinging , Rabe safe at first on passed ball by Laird . Tyner fouled out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Silva pitching for Twins . DeRosa grounded out to shortstop . Wilkerson struck out looking . Laird grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Bartlett singled to left . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Castillo walked , Bartlett to second . Punto tripled to deep center , Bartlett and Castillo scored . Mauer grounded out to second , Punto scored . Cuddyer lined out to center . Rodriguez at second base . Morneau grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Silva pitching for Twins . Matthews Jr flied out to center . Young flied out to right . Hairston Jr in center field . Cruz in left field . Lee flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop . Rabe singled to center , Hunter to second . Tyner grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rabe out at second , Hunter to third . Bartlett hit sacrifice fly to right , Hunter scored . Rodriguez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Silva pitching for Twins . Teixeira homered to right . Blalock singled to left . Kinsler grounded out to second , Blalock to second . DeRosa singled to left , Blalock to third . Wilkerson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , DeRosa out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Punto singled to right . Mauer singled to center , Punto to second . Tiffee hit for Morneau . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Tiffee at first base . Eyre pitching for Twins . Tiffee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mauer out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Eyre pitching for Twins . Laird grounded out to shortstop . Hairston Jr grounded out to shortstop . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Hunter popped out to shortstop . Rabe flied out to right . Tyner flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Eyre pitching for Twins . Cruz homered to left center . Teixeira grounded out to second . Blalock lined out to first . Kinsler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - Twins 15 .	Hunter 's return sparks Twins