Rangers - Top 1st . Loaiza pitching for Athletics . Matthews Jr struck out looking . Young lined out to left . Lee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Volquez pitching for Rangers . Kendall doubled to deep left . Kielty grounded out to first , Kendall to third . Bradley grounded out to first , Kendall scored . Thomas grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Loaiza pitching for Athletics . Teixeira singled to right center . Blalock singled to right , Teixeira to third . DeRosa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Teixeira out at home , Blalock to second . Stairs doubled to deep left , Blalock scored , DeRosa to third . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop , DeRosa scored , Stairs to third . Barajas flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Volquez pitching for Rangers . Chavez grounded out to first . Payton struck out swinging . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Loaiza pitching for Athletics . Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop . Young grounded out to pitcher . Lee reached on infield single to shortstop . Lee stole second . Teixeira struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Volquez pitching for Rangers . Scutaro walked . Ellis homered to left , Scutaro scored . Kendall flied out to right . Kielty struck out looking . Bradley struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Loaiza pitching for Athletics . Blalock walked . DeRosa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blalock out at second . Stairs doubled to deep left , DeRosa to third . Kinsler grounded into double play , third to first , DeRosa out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Volquez pitching for Rangers . Thomas singled to left center . Chavez walked , Thomas to second . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Chavez out at second , Thomas to third . Swisher singled to right , Thomas scored , Payton to second . Scutaro grounded out to second , Payton to third , Swisher to second . Ellis flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Loaiza pitching for Athletics . Barajas singled to center . Matthews Jr grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Barajas out at second . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Volquez pitching for Rangers . Kendall singled to center . Kielty grounded out to first , Kendall to second . Bradley flied out to center , Kendall to third . Thomas popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Loaiza pitching for Athletics . Lee struck out swinging . Teixeira struck out looking . Blalock homered to right . DeRosa singled to center . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Stairs fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Chavez singled to center . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Chavez out at second . Swisher singled to right , Payton to second . Scutaro walked , Payton to third , Swisher to second . Ellis doubled to left , Payton and Swisher scored , Scutaro out at home . Kendall struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Loaiza pitching for Athletics . Kinsler doubled to deep left center . Barajas grounded out to second , Kinsler to third . Matthews Jr hit sacrifice fly to right , Kinsler scored . Young singled to center . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Kielty grounded out to shortstop . Melhuse hit for Thomas . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Bradley homered to left . Melhuse singled to left . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Melhuse out at second . Payton singled to center , Chavez to second . Halsey pitching for Athletics . Swisher struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Halsey pitching for Athletics . Teixeira doubled to deep left . Blalock popped out to shortstop . DeRosa flied out to right , Teixeira to third . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Stairs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Scutaro doubled to left . Ellis grounded out to pitcher . Kendall struck out looking . Calero pitching for Athletics . Kielty grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Wilkerson hit for Barajas . Calero pitching for Athletics . Kinsler popped out to second . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Athletics 7 .	Ellis racks up RBI as A 's cruise past Rangers