Rangers - Top 1st . Komine pitching for Athletics . Matthews Jr grounded out to catcher . Young singled to left center . Lee doubled to shallow left , Young to third . Teixeira intentionally walked . Blalock grounded into double play , third to second to first , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Kendall grounded out to second . Kielty struck out looking . Bradley safe at first on error by third baseman Blalock . Thomas singled to shallow left , Bradley to second . Chavez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Komine pitching for Athletics . DeRosa flied out to right . Stairs walked . Kinsler flied out to left . Laird flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Swisher flied out to center . Payton grounded out to second . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Komine pitching for Athletics . Matthews Jr singled to center . Young homered to left center , Matthews Jr scored . Lee flied out to left . Teixeira walked . Blalock fouled out to third . DeRosa homered to left , Teixeira scored . Stairs singled to center . Kinsler flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Scutaro walked . Kendall grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Scutaro out at second . Kielty walked . Bradley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Komine pitching for Athletics . Laird safe at second on error by shortstop Scutaro . Matthews Jr walked . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Young struck out swinging . Lee grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Matthews Jr out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Thomas singled to shallow left . Chavez singled to left , Thomas to second . Swisher homered to right , Thomas and Chavez scored . Payton homered to center . Ellis bunt grounded out to pitcher . Ellis batting . Scutaro popped out to second . Kendall grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Teixeira grounded out to first . Blalock doubled to deep left center . DeRosa grounded out to third . Stairs intentionally walked . Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop , Blalock to third , Stairs to second . Laird struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Kielty struck out swinging . Bradley grounded out to second . Thomas flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . Young lined out to second . Lee lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Chavez walked . Chavez caught stealing second , catcher to first . Swisher flied out to left . Payton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Teixeira grounded out to first . Blalock singled to center . DeRosa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blalock out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Ellis walked . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Scutaro singled to right , Ellis to third . Kendall hit sacrifice fly to center , Ellis scored . Kielty struck out swinging . Flores pitching for Athletics . Bradley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Stairs struck out swinging . Kinsler fouled out to catcher . Laird walked . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Thomas safe at first on error by third baseman Blalock . Perez ran for Thomas . Chavez walked , Perez to second . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Swisher struck out swinging . Payton safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler , Perez scored , Chavez to third . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Chavez scored , Payton out at second . Scutaro walked , Ellis to second . Street pitching for Athletics . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Scutaro out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Street pitching for Athletics . Young singled to center . Lee doubled to right , Young to third . Teixeira struck out looking . Hairston Jr ran for Blalock . Blalock singled to center , Young and Lee scored . DeRosa struck out swinging , DeRosa second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 6 - Athletics 7 .	Catcher 's interference call sends A 's to sixth straight win