Mariners - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Rangers . Suzuki flied out to right . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Beltre doubled to deep center . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Meche pitching for Mariners . Matthews Jr walked . Young walked , Matthews Jr to second . Lee flied out to right , Matthews Jr to third . Teixeira walked , Young to second . Blalock grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Matthews Jr scored on throwing error by first baseman Broussard , Young safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Broussard , Teixeira . DeRosa singled to right , Young and Teixeira scored , Blalock to third . Stairs flied out to left . Kinsler walked , DeRosa to second . Barajas safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt , Blalock and DeRosa scored , Kinsler to third . Matthews Jr singled to shallow right , Kinsler and Barajas scored . Young flied out to right . 7 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Rangers . Sexson walked . Broussard grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sexson out at second . Johjima flied out to right . Betancourt singled to center , Broussard to second . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Lee walked . Woods pitching for Mariners . Teixeira walked , Lee to second . Blalock singled to center , Lee to third , Teixeira to second . DeRosa doubled to deep center , Lee and Teixeira scored , Blalock thrown out at home . Stairs singled to right , DeRosa scored . Kinsler walked , Stairs to second . Barajas struck out swinging . Matthews Jr walked , Stairs to third , Kinsler to second . Young flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to second . Lopez flied out to right . Beltre doubled to deep center . Ibanez singled to center , Beltre scored . Sexson singled to center , Ibanez to second . Broussard flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Woods pitching for Mariners . Lee homered to left . Teixeira popped out to second . Blalock popped out to second . DeRosa homered to left . Stairs singled to right . Kinsler grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Rangers . Johjima doubled to deep left . Betancourt singled to left , Johjima to third . Jones doubled to left , Johjima and Betancourt scored . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Suzuki safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler , Jones scored . Lopez singled to right , Suzuki to third . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Suzuki out at home , Lopez to third , Beltre to second . Ibanez homered to right center , Lopez and Beltre scored . Sexson singled to right . Broussard hit by pitch , Sexson to second . Johjima struck out swinging . Betancourt flied out to right . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Barajas flied out to right . Matthews Jr homered to left . Young reached on infield single to second . Lee flied out to left . Teixeira popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Jones grounded out to second . Suzuki singled to right . Lopez grounded out to shortstop , Suzuki to second . Beltre grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Blalock singled to center . DeRosa struck out swinging . Green pitching for Mariners . Stairs flied out to center . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Blalock out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Ibanez struck out swinging . Perez hit for Broussard . Sexson singled to center . Perez at first base . Perez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sexson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Green pitching for Mariners . Barajas singled to center . Matthews Jr singled to right , Barajas to second . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matthews Jr out at . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Lee lined out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Johjima grounded out to pitcher . Betancourt reached on infield single to third . Jones lined out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Green pitching for Mariners . Teixeira doubled to deep right center . Blalock grounded out to shortstop , Teixeira to third . DeRosa hit sacrifice fly to left , Teixeira scored . Stairs popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Lopez flied out to right . Beltre popped out to second . Bloomquist in right field . Dobbs at third base . Hairston Jr in center field . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Stairs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Sexson flied out to center . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Johjima grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 7 - Rangers 14 .	DeRosa 's six RBI power Rangers ' 14 - 7 rout of Mariners