Rangers - Top 1st . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Matthews Jr struck out looking . Young flied out to center . Lee lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Baldelli struck out swinging . Zobrist singled to center . Crawford flied out to right . Norton hit by pitch , Zobrist to second . Navarro hit by pitch , Zobrist to third , Norton to second . Lee grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Teixeira walked . DeRosa struck out looking . Kinsler flied out to right . Laird struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Branyan flied out to center . Hollins struck out swinging . Perez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Cruz safe at first on error by third baseman Branyan . Hairston Jr reached on bunt single to third , Cruz to second . Matthews Jr grounded out to third , Cruz to third , Hairston Jr to second . Young singled to center , Cruz and Hairston Jr scored , Young to second advancing on throw . Lee struck out swinging . Teixeira reached on infield single to second , Young scored . DeRosa struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Baldelli reached on infield single to second . Zobrist grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Baldelli out at second . Crawford singled to left . Crawford caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Norton batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Kinsler flied out to right . Laird popped out to first . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Norton homered to right . Navarro singled to right . Lee lined out to center . Branyan popped out to second . Hollins fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Hairston Jr grounded out to second . Matthews Jr grounded out to third . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Perez grounded out to second . Baldelli singled to center . Zobrist walked , Baldelli to second . Crawford lined into double play , center to second , Baldelli doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Lee flied out to center . Teixeira doubled to deep right center . DeRosa struck out swinging . Kinsler lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Norton singled to deep center , Norton to third on error by center fielder Matthews Jr. Navarro hit sacrifice fly to center , Norton scored . Lee flied out to right . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Branyan flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Laird struck out looking . Cruz struck out looking . Hairston Jr grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Hollins singled to left . Perez doubled to deep right , Hollins to third . Baldelli hit sacrifice fly to center , Hollins scored , Perez to third . Zobrist hit sacrifice fly to center , Perez scored . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Crawford singled to center . Miceli pitching for Devil Rays . Norton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Miceli pitching for Devil Rays . Matthews Jr singled to right . Young singled to left , Matthews Jr to second . Lee struck out swinging . Teixeira struck out looking . DeRosa popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Navarro struck out swinging . Lee homered to right . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Branyan walked . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Hollins grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Branyan out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Kinsler singled to center . Blalock hit for Cruz . Laird reached on infield single to second , Kinsler to second . Stairs hit for Hairston Jr. Blalock flied out to left . Kinsler to third , Laird to second on wild pitch by McClung . Stairs walked . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 3 - Devil Rays 5 .	Baldelli , Zobrist rally Devil Rays past Padilla , Rangers