Indians - Top 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Sizemore doubled to right . Blake grounded out to pitcher , Sizemore to third . Hafner walked . Martinez singled to right , Sizemore scored , Hafner to second . Choo struck out swinging . Garko singled to right , Hafner scored , Martinez to third . Peralta singled to right , Martinez scored , Garko to second . Inglett grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Matthews Jr walked . Young singled to right , Matthews Jr to second . Teixeira grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Young out at second , Matthews Jr to third . Lee singled to center , Matthews Jr scored . Blalock singled to center , Lee to second . DeRosa safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta , Lee to third , Blalock to second . Kinsler struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Marte grounded out to third . Sizemore homered to right . Blake singled to right . Hafner walked , Blake to second . Martinez struck out swinging . Choo grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Laird grounded out to third . Cruz grounded out to first . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Garko flied out to right . Peralta safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler . Inglett grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Peralta out at second . Marte struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Young struck out swinging . Teixeira flied out to right . Lee singled to center . Blalock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Sizemore walked . Sizemore picked off first . Blake popped out to shortstop . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . DeRosa struck out swinging . Kinsler homered to left . Laird doubled to deep center . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Laird out at second . Matthews Jr walked , Cruz to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matthews Jr out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Martinez flied out to left . Choo struck out swinging . Garko popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Teixeira struck out swinging , Teixeira safe at first on wild pitch by Westbrook . Lee grounded into double play , third to second to first , Teixeira out at second . Blalock grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Peralta flied out to center . Inglett doubled to deep left . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Marte doubled to deep left , Inglett scored . Sizemore doubled to deep right , Marte scored . Blake lined out to second . Hafner grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . DeRosa grounded out to pitcher . Kinsler grounded out to third . Laird grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Martinez struck out swinging . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Choo singled to left . Garko grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Young singled to right . Teixeira grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Peralta grounded out to pitcher . Inglett struck out looking . Marte singled to left . Sizemore walked , Marte to second . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Blake walked , Marte to third , Sizemore to second . Luna ran for Hafner . Hafner hit by pitch , Marte scored , Sizemore to third , Blake to second . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Lee lined out to left . Blalock grounded out to second . Bauer pitching for Rangers . DeRosa flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Bauer pitching for Rangers . Choo walked . Choo caught stealing second , catcher to second . Garko grounded out to shortstop . Mastny pitching for Indians . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Mastny pitching for Indians . Kinsler popped out to shortstop . Laird walked . Cruz flied out to center . Laird to second on fielder 's indifference . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 7 - Rangers 2 .	Indians streak past Rangers ; Hafner 's X - rays negative