Rangers - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Matthews Jr singled to right . Young singled to center , Matthews Jr to second . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young out at second , Matthews Jr to third . Lee hit sacrifice fly to left , Matthews Jr scored . Blalock struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Eaton pitching for Rangers . Suzuki flied out to left . Snelling struck out swinging . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . DeRosa grounded out to third . Stairs struck out swinging . Kinsler singled to left . Kinsler stole second . Laird grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Eaton pitching for Rangers . Ibanez reached on infield single to second . Sexson struck out looking . Broussard singled to center , Ibanez to second . Lopez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Broussard out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Matthews Jr struck out looking . Young grounded out to second . Teixeira singled to right . Lee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Eaton pitching for Rangers . Rivera singled to left center . Bloomquist grounded out to second , Rivera to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . Snelling hit by pitch . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Snelling out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Blalock lined out to third . DeRosa grounded out to shortstop . Stairs reached on infield single to catcher . Kinsler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Eaton pitching for Rangers . Ibanez grounded out to second . Sexson fouled out to first . Broussard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Laird singled to left . Matthews Jr grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Laird out at second . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Eaton pitching for Rangers . Lopez singled to center . Rivera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lopez out at second . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Teixeira struck out swinging . Lee singled to center . Blalock grounded out to pitcher , Lee to second . Lee to third on wild pitch by Hernandez . Cruceta pitching for Mariners . DeRosa walked . Stairs walked , DeRosa to second . Kinsler popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Eaton pitching for Rangers . Suzuki doubled to deep right center . Snelling sacrificed to pitcher , Suzuki to third . Betancourt singled to left , Suzuki scored . Ibanez singled to right center , Betancourt to third . Sexson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ibanez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Cruceta pitching for Mariners . Laird flied out to center . Matthews Jr walked . Young doubled to left , Matthews Jr scored . Teixeira popped out to shortstop . Lee flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Broussard homered to right . Lopez grounded out to second . Rivera lined out to shortstop . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Bloomquist struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Blalock singled to left . DeRosa grounded into double play , third to second to first , Blalock out at second . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Stairs fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Snelling bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Suzuki out at second . Betancourt lined out to right . Snelling caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ibanez batting . Huber pitching for Mariners . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Huber pitching for Mariners . Kinsler struck out swinging . Laird walked . Matthews Jr singled to left , Laird to second . Laird to third , Matthews Jr to second on passed ball by Rivera . Young singled to left , Laird scored , Matthews Jr to third . Hairston Jr in left field . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Teixeira grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Matthews Jr scored , Young out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Ibanez flied out to center . Jones ran for Sexson . Sexson singled to left . Broussard singled to right , Jones to second . Lopez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Broussard out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Mariners 2 .	Young lifts Rangers past M 's with ninth - inning RBI