Indians - Top 1st . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Sizemore grounded out to first . Inglett struck out swinging . Martinez singled to center . Garko hit by pitch , Martinez to second . Choo singled to center , Martinez scored , Garko to second , Garko to third on error by center fielder Matthews Jr. Choo stole second . Kouzmanoff popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Matthews Jr flied out to left . Young walked . Teixeira hit by pitch , Young to second . Lee popped out to pitcher . Blalock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Peralta walked . Gutierrez doubled to deep left center , Peralta to third . Boone singled to center , Peralta and Gutierrez scored . Boone stole second . Sizemore walked . Inglett sacrificed to third , Boone to third , Sizemore to second . Martinez intentionally walked . Garko grounded out to first , Boone scored , Sizemore to third , Martinez to second . Choo flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . DeRosa singled to right . Kinsler struck out swinging . Ojeda singled to deep right center , DeRosa to third . Cruz doubled to shallow left , DeRosa scored , Ojeda to third . Matthews Jr flied out to left . Young walked . Teixeira grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Kouzmanoff walked . Peralta safe at first on error by third baseman DeRosa , Kouzmanoff to second . Gutierrez sacrificed to third , Kouzmanoff to third , Peralta to second . Boone grounded out to third . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Lee grounded out to pitcher . Blalock doubled to deep center . DeRosa singled to right , Blalock to third . Kinsler hit sacrifice fly to center , Blalock scored . Ojeda grounded into fielder 's choice to second , DeRosa out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Inglett reached on infield single to shortstop . Martinez struck out looking . Inglett stole second . Garko struck out swinging . Choo walked . Kouzmanoff grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Matthews Jr singled to left . Young grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Matthews Jr out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Peralta doubled to deep center . Gutierrez struck out looking . Boone struck out swinging . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Sizemore homered to right , Peralta scored . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Inglett reached on infield single to first . Martinez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Teixeira walked . Lee reached on infield single to third , Teixeira to second . Blalock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lee out at second , Teixeira to third . DeRosa grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Teixeira scored , Blalock out at second . Kinsler singled to center , DeRosa to second . Ojeda doubled to deep right , DeRosa and Kinsler scored . Cruz flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Garko hit by pitch . Choo singled to left , Garko to second . Kouzmanoff walked , Garko to third , Choo to second . Peralta struck out looking . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Garko scored , Choo to third , Kouzmanoff to second on passed ball by Ojeda . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Boone singled to left , Choo and Kouzmanoff scored . Boone stole second . Sizemore inside - the - park home run to deep left , Boone scored . Sikorski pitching for Indians . Inglett flied out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Sikorski pitching for Indians . Matthews Jr lined out to shortstop . Young grounded out to second . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Martinez grounded out to third . Garko flied out to right . Choo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Sikorski pitching for Indians . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Blalock struck out swinging . Littleton pitching for Rangers . DeRosa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . Peralta grounded out to pitcher . Gutierrez reached on infield single to third . Boone struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Sikorski pitching for Indians . Kinsler grounded out to second . Ojeda lined out to center . Lara pitching for Indians . Cruz doubled to deep center . Matthews Jr singled to right , Cruz scored . Masset pitching for Rangers . Young lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Masset pitching for Rangers . Sizemore grounded out to second . Inglett grounded out to pitcher . Davis pitching for Indians . Martinez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Davis pitching for Indians . Teixeira grounded out to second . Lee singled to center . Blalock flied out to center . DeRosa grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 11 - Rangers 6 .	Sizemore 's 90th extra - base hit helps Tribe spoil Texas ' home finale