Rangers - Top 1st . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . Matthews Jr lined out to center . Young doubled to deep left . Teixeira struck out swinging . Lee lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Suzuki to second on balk by Padilla . Beltre homered to right , Suzuki scored . Johjima popped out to third . Ibanez walked . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ibanez out at second . Broussard doubled to right , Sexson to third . Lopez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . DeRosa walked . DeRosa caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Kinsler singled to right . Barajas walked , Kinsler to second . Cruz walked , Kinsler to third , Barajas to second . Arias grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kinsler out at home , Barajas to third , Cruz to second . Matthews Jr grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Snelling flied out to center . Betancourt flied out to center . Suzuki safe at first on error by pitcher Padilla . Beltre walked , Suzuki to second . Johjima struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 3rd . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . Young flied out to right . Teixeira struck out swinging . Lee popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Ibanez singled to right . Sexson doubled to deep right center , Ibanez scored . Broussard popped out to shortstop . Lopez singled to right center , Sexson to third . Snelling struck out swinging . Betancourt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . DeRosa singled to center . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , DeRosa out at second . Barajas flied out to center . Kinsler to second on balk by Feierabend . Cruz singled to left , Kinsler scored . Arias grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Suzuki lined out to left . Beltre flied out to right . Johjima grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Young lined out to center . Teixeira doubled to left . Lee singled to center , Teixeira scored . DeRosa popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Ibanez grounded out to shortstop . Sexson struck out swinging . Broussard walked . Broussard stole second . Lopez walked . Fruto pitching for Mariners . Snelling struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Fruto pitching for Mariners . Kinsler walked . Barajas singled to right center , Kinsler to third . Cruz struck out swinging . Arias singled to left , Kinsler scored , Barajas to second . Matthews Jr flied out to center . Young doubled to deep left center , Barajas and Arias scored . Teixeira struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Betancourt grounded out to second . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Suzuki tripled to deep center . Beltre hit sacrifice fly to center , Suzuki scored . Rheinecker pitching for Rangers . Johjima singled to center . Ibanez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Fruto pitching for Mariners . Lee walked . Lee stole second . DeRosa hit by pitch . Huber pitching for Mariners . Kinsler reached on bunt single to pitcher , Lee to third , DeRosa to second . Barajas lined out to third . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lee scored , DeRosa to third , Kinsler safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt . Arias flied out to right . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Matthews Jr lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Sexson singled to right . Broussard flied out to right . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sexson out at second . Lopez to second on wild pitch by Francisco . Snelling grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Huber pitching for Mariners . Young fouled out to right . Teixeira flied out to left . Lee safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez . Littleton pitching for Rangers . DeRosa flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop . Suzuki lined out to left . Beltre grounded out to third , Betancourt to second . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Kinsler flied out to left . Barajas grounded out to third . Hairston Jr in left field . Cruz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Ibanez homered to right center . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Perez hit for Broussard . Sexson grounded out to third . Perez struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 6 - Mariners 5 .	Double trouble : Young hits lead Rangers past Mariners