Athletics - Top 1st. Zito pitching for Giants. Weeks flied out to center. Pennington lined out to shortstop. Reddick grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Parker pitching for Athletics. Blanco popped out to shortstop. Crawford flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Zito pitching for Giants. Gomes walked. Suzuki grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gomes out at second. Barton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Parker pitching for Athletics. Pagan walked. Pagan stole second. Belt singled to center, Pagan scored. Sanchez singled to right, Belt to third. Arias hit sacrifice fly to left, Belt scored. Burriss grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sanchez out at second. Zito grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Zito pitching for Giants. Donaldson homered to left (423 feet). Cowgill grounded out to shortstop. Parker struck out swinging. Weeks struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Parker pitching for Athletics. Blanco walked. Crawford doubled to center, Blanco scored. Cabrera reached on bunt single to third, Crawford to third. Cabrera stole second. Pagan walked. Belt walked, Crawford scored, Cabrera to third, Pagan to second. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored, Pagan to third. Arias struck out swinging, Belt to second on wild pitch by Blevins. Burriss intentionally walked. Zito walked, Pagan scored, Belt to third, Burriss to second. Blanco struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Zito pitching for Giants. Pennington flied out to center. Reddick fouled out to catcher. Gomes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Crawford struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to center. Pagan doubled to right, Cabrera to third. Belt hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored, Pagan to third. Sanchez doubled to deep center, Pagan scored. Arias grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Zito pitching for Giants. Suzuki flied out to left. Barton singled to left. Donaldson doubled to left, Barton scored, Donaldson to third advancing on throw. Cowgill struck out swinging. Rosales hit for Blevins. Rosales flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Figueroa pitching for Athletics. Burriss grounded out to first. Figueroa pitching for Athletics. Burriss grounded out to first. Zito walked. Blanco singled to center, Zito to second. Crawford grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Blanco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Zito pitching for Giants. Weeks tripled to deep right center. Pennington singled to left center, Weeks scored. Reddick struck out swinging. Edlefsen pitching for Giants. Gomes lined out to center. Suzuki singled to left, Pennington to second. Barton singled to right, Pennington to third, Suzuki to second. Donaldson doubled to deep center, Pennington, Suzuki and Barton scored. Hensley pitching for Giants. Cowgill struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Figueroa pitching for Athletics. Cabrera walked. Pagan walked, Cabrera to second. Reddick in center field. Norberto pitching for Athletics. Smith in right field. Belt grounded out to first, Cabrera to third, Pagan to second. Sanchez struck out swinging. Arias grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Smith struck out looking. Weeks struck out swinging. Pennington grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Norberto pitching for Athletics. Burriss popped out to first. Pill hit for Affeldt. Pill grounded out to third. Blanco popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Romo pitching for Giants. Reddick popped out to shortstop. Gomes struck out swinging. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Blackley pitching for Athletics. Crawford grounded out to first. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Pagan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Barton struck out swinging. Donaldson safe at first on error by second baseman Burriss. Ka'aihue hit for Blackley. Ka'aihue popped out to shortstop. Smith singled to center, Donaldson to third. Weeks grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 6 - Giants 8.	Zito continues roll as Giants beat Athletics