Athletics - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Weeks struck out swinging. Crisp grounded out to first. Reddick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Parker pitching for Athletics. Parra flied out to center. Bloomquist singled to right. Upton struck out swinging. Bloomquist stole second. Kubel singled to deep right, Bloomquist scored. Goldschmidt walked, Kubel to second. Montero grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith struck out looking. Inge struck out looking. Moss walked. Suzuki doubled to deep right, Moss scored. Pennington grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Parker pitching for Athletics. Hill doubled to deep left. Hill caught stealing third, catcher to third. Bell struck out swinging. Cahill grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Parker struck out looking. Weeks grounded out to second. Crisp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Parker pitching for Athletics. Parra walked. Bloomquist flied out to right. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Parra out at second, Upton to second on error by second baseman Weeks. Kubel flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Reddick struck out swinging. Smith singled to right. Smith stole second. Inge struck out swinging. Moss reached on infield single to shortstop, Smith to third. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moss out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Parker pitching for Athletics. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Montero grounded out to shortstop. Hill walked. Bell grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Pennington singled to right. Parker sacrificed to pitcher, Pennington to second. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Crisp grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Parker pitching for Athletics. Cahill grounded out to third. Parra singled to right. Bloomquist singled to right, Parra to third. Upton doubled to deep center, Parra scored, Bloomquist to third. Kubel intentionally walked. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Montero homered to right center (458 feet), Bloomquist, Upton and Kubel scored. Hill doubled to deep left. Bell intentionally walked. Cahill grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Reddick singled to deep right. Smith flied out to center. Inge flied out to center. Moss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Miller pitching for Athletics. Donaldson at first base. Parra fouled out to left. Bloomquist grounded out to third. Upton walked. Kubel singled to right, Upton to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Suzuki singled to left. Pennington singled to center, Suzuki to second. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pennington out at second, Suzuki to third. Weeks grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Donaldson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Miller pitching for Athletics. Montero struck out swinging. Hill popped out to second. Bell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Crisp walked. Reddick grounded out to pitcher, Crisp to second. Smith walked. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Inge singled to right, Crisp to third, Smith to second. Gomes hit for Miller. Gomes hit sacrifice fly to right, Crisp scored, Smith to third. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inge out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Roberts hit for Ziegler. Roberts singled to right. Parra sacrificed to third, Roberts to second. Bloomquist flied out to center. Upton intentionally walked. Kubel singled to center, Roberts scored, Upton to third. Goldschmidt singled to right center, Upton scored, Kubel to third. Montero popped out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Pennington doubled to deep left. Donaldson struck out swinging. Weeks doubled to deep left, Pennington scored. Crisp popped out to shortstop. Reddick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Diamondbacks 8.	D-backs snag 4th straight behind Montero