Giants - Top 1st. Ross pitching for Athletics. Blanco struck out swinging. Theriot struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Crisp singled to left center. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crisp out at second. Reddick homered to right (389 feet), Weeks scored. Cespedes singled to left center. Gomes struck out looking. Inge singled to right, Cespedes to second. Norris struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Ross pitching for Athletics. Posey walked. Pagan struck out swinging. Sandoval singled to left, Posey to second, Posey scored, Sandoval to second on error by left fielder Gomes. Belt singled to center, Sandoval scored. Schierholtz walked, Belt to second. Crawford grounded into double play, third to second to first, Schierholtz out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Moss struck out swinging. Hicks flied out to right. Crisp singled to left center. Weeks singled to right, Crisp to second. Reddick singled to center, Crisp scored, Weeks to second. Cespedes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reddick out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Ross pitching for Athletics. Blanco bunt grounded out to pitcher. Theriot singled to right. Cabrera flied out to right. Posey flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Gomes homered to left center (408 feet). Inge doubled to deep right center. Norris lined out to second. Moss struck out swinging. Hicks flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Ross pitching for Athletics. Pagan grounded out to first. Sandoval fouled out to first. Belt walked. Schierholtz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Crisp flied out to center. Weeks doubled to deep center. Reddick flied out to center. Cespedes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Ross pitching for Athletics. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. Blanco hit by pitch. Theriot grounded into double play, second to first, Blanco out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Gomes grounded out to second. Inge flied out to right. Norris singled to left. Moss flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Ross pitching for Athletics. Cabrera flied out to left. Posey walked. Pagan singled to right, Posey to second. Sandoval safe at first on error by first baseman Moss, Posey advanced to third on Moss error, Pagan advanced to second on Moss error, Posey and Pagan scored, Sandoval to second on error by first baseman Moss. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Belt homered to right (370 feet), Sandoval scored. Schierholtz safe at first on error by first baseman Moss. Crawford struck out swinging. Blanco popped out to third. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 3 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Hicks struck out swinging. Crisp struck out looking. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Fuentes pitching for Athletics. Smith in right field. Reddick in center field. Theriot flied out to left. Cabrera walked. Posey homered to left (381 feet), Cabrera scored. Pagan walked. Sandoval singled to center, Pagan to second. Belt walked, Pagan to third, Sandoval to second. Norberto pitching for Athletics. Schierholtz walked, Pagan scored, Sandoval to third, Belt to second. Crawford struck out looking. Blanco struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Reddick walked. Romo pitching for Giants. Cespedes struck out swinging. Reddick to second on fielder's indifference. Gomes struck out swinging. Inge walked. Reddick stole third. Norris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Norberto pitching for Athletics. Theriot grounded out to third. Cabrera fouled out to third. Posey singled to right. Pagan walked, Posey to second. Miller pitching for Athletics. Sandoval flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Moss flied out to center. Hicks lined out to left. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Miller pitching for Athletics. Belt flied out to center. Schierholtz popped out to shortstop. Crawford fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Loux pitching for Giants. Weeks lined out to left. Reddick reached on infield single to third. Cespedes struck out swinging. Reddick to second on fielder's indifference. Gomes walked. Inge singled to left, Reddick scored, Gomes to second. Casilla pitching for Giants. Norris singled to left center, Gomes scored, Inge to second. Moss walked, Inge to third, Norris to second. Hicks hit ground rule double to deep left, Inge and Norris scored, Moss to third. Lopez pitching for Giants. Smith walked. Hensley pitching for Giants. Weeks popped out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 9 - Athletics 8.	Belt drives in 3 runs to power Giants past A's