Athletics - Top 1st. De Vries pitching for Twins. Weeks flied out to center. Smith flied out to left. Reddick singled to left. Cespedes doubled to deep right, Reddick scored, Cespedes to third advancing on throw. Moss hit by pitch. Carter homered to left center (412 feet), Cespedes and Moss scored. Inge flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Milone pitching for Athletics. Span struck out looking. Revere grounded out to pitcher. Mauer singled to center. Willingham flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. De Vries pitching for Twins. Pennington flied out to center. Suzuki flied out to center. Weeks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Milone pitching for Athletics. Morneau grounded out to shortstop. Plouffe grounded out to third. Doumit singled to left, Doumit out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. De Vries pitching for Twins. Smith flied out to left. Reddick singled to left. Cespedes homered to right (387 feet), Reddick scored. Moss struck out swinging. Carter grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Milone pitching for Athletics. Dozier homered to left (380 feet). Carroll struck out swinging. Span reached on bunt single to catcher, Span out stretching at second. Revere singled to left. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Revere out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. De Vries pitching for Twins. Inge flied out to right. Pennington grounded out to second. Suzuki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Milone pitching for Athletics. Willingham struck out looking. Morneau popped out to shortstop. Plouffe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. De Vries pitching for Twins. Weeks flied out to center. Smith homered to right center (448 feet). Reddick struck out swinging. Cespedes grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Milone pitching for Athletics. Doumit flied out to center. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Carroll singled to right. Span reached on infield single to shortstop, Carroll to second. Revere grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Moss homered to center (421 feet). Carter struck out swinging. Inge singled to left. Pennington struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to right, Inge to second. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Milone pitching for Athletics. Mauer walked. Willingham reached on infield single to second, Mauer to second. Morneau singled to left center, Mauer scored, Willingham to second. Plouffe singled to left, Willingham to third, Morneau to second. Doumit grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Willingham out at home, Morneau to third, Plouffe to second. Dozier grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Doumit out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Robertson pitching for Twins. Smith struck out swinging. Reddick reached on infield single to second. Reddick to second on wild pitch by Robertson. Cespedes struck out swinging. Moss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Norberto pitching for Athletics. Carroll grounded out to third. Span reached on infield single to first. Revere doubled to deep left, Span to third. Mauer grounded into double play, third to first, Revere out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Capps pitching for Twins. Carter grounded out to third. Inge struck out swinging. Pennington flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Norberto pitching for Athletics. Willingham homered to center (435 feet). Morneau grounded out to second. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Plouffe flied out to center. Doumit doubled to deep center. Dozier walked. Carroll lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Gray pitching for Twins. Suzuki doubled to deep center, Suzuki to third on throwing error by center fielder Span. Weeks grounded out to third. Smith tripled to deep right, Suzuki scored. Reddick grounded out to shortstop. Cespedes grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 9th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Span grounded out to first. Revere grounded out to second. Mauer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 9 - Twins 3.	Carter, Cespedes power Athletics past Twins