Red Sox - Top 1st . Kittredge pitching for Rays . Santana struck out swinging . Verdugo walked . Martinez lined out to center . Bogaerts singled to left , Verdugo to second . Yarbrough pitching for Rays . Devers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Díaz safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Devers . Franco walked , Díaz to second . Meadows flied out to center . Arozarena reached on infield single to shortstop , Franco to second , Díaz to third . Margot popped out to first . Mejía singled to shallow left , Díaz scored and Franco scored on throwing error by shortstop Bogaerts , Mejía to second , Arozarena safe at third on error . Lowe struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Yarbrough pitching for Rays . Renfroe fouled out to first . Vázquez fouled out to left . Hernández doubled to right . Dalbec struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Walls struck out swinging . Kiermaier struck out looking . Díaz doubled to deep right , Díaz out stretching at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Yarbrough pitching for Rays . Santana walked . Verdugo singled to left , Santana to second . Martinez doubled to left , Verdugo scored and Santana scored . Bogaerts singled to center , Martinez to third . Devers hit sacrifice fly to center , Martinez scored . Renfroe homered to left center ( 417 feet ) , Bogaerts scored . Vázquez flied out to right . Hernández hit by pitch . Thompson pitching for Rays . Dalbec struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Franco flied out to center . Meadows flied out to center . Arozarena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . McHugh pitching for Rays . Santana grounded out to first . Verdugo grounded out to shortstop . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Margot struck out swinging . Mejía singled to right . Lowe struck out looking . Walls flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . McHugh pitching for Rays . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . Devers struck out swinging . Renfroe lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Kiermaier hit by pitch . Díaz reached on infield single to first , Kiermaier to second . Franco homered to left ( 362 feet ) , Kiermaier scored and Díaz scored . Meadows flied out to left . Arozarena reached on infield single to pitcher . Arozarena caught stealing second , catcher to second . Margot struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . McHugh pitching for Rays . Vázquez flied out to left . Hernández flied out to left . Dalbec struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Mejía lined out to center . Lowe fouled out to third . Walls flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Wisler pitching for Rays . Santana flied out to right . Verdugo grounded out to first . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Taylor pitching for Red Sox . Kiermaier struck out swinging . Díaz struck out swinging . Franco doubled to deep left . Meadows popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Feyereisen pitching for Rays . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . Devers doubled to right . Renfroe grounded into double play , third to first , Devers out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Ottavino pitching for Red Sox . Arozarena reached on infield single to shortstop . Wendle hit for Margot . Wendle walked , Arozarena to second . Choi hit for Mejía . Choi lined out to left . Lowe popped out to third . Walls struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Wendle at second base . Zunino catching . Lowe in right field . Feyereisen pitching for Rays . Vázquez flied out to right . Hernández struck out swinging . Dalbec struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 9th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Kiermaier walked . Díaz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kiermaier out at second . Franco grounded out to pitcher , Díaz to second . Meadows struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 10th . Fairbanks pitching for Rays . Santana singled to left , Dalbec to third . Santana stole second . Santana to third , Dalbec out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Verdugo intentionally walked . Martinez struck out swinging , Verdugo caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 10th . Phillips ran for Meadows . Sawamura pitching for Red Sox . Arozarena fouled out to catcher . Wendle intentionally walked . Zunino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wendle to second , Phillips out at third . Hernandez pitching for Red Sox . Lowe grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 11th . Phillips as designated hitter . Wong ran for Martinez . Fairbanks pitching for Rays . Bogaerts singled to shallow left , Wong to third . Bogaerts stole second . Wong scored on error and Bogaerts scored on error , Devers safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Díaz , Devers safe at second on error . Renfroe singled to right , Devers scored . Vázquez grounded out to third , Renfroe to second . Renfroe to third on wild pitch by Fairbanks . Hernández hit sacrifice fly to right , Renfroe scored . Dalbec flied out to right . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 11th . Wong as designated hitter . Hernandez pitching for Red Sox . Walls grounded out to shortstop . Kiermaier grounded out to third , Lowe to third . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 9 - Rays 5 .	Franco HR , double in debut , but Rays lose to Red Sox in 11th