Tigers - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Higginson grounded out to pitcher. Kingsale walked. Pena grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kingsale out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Bernero pitching for Tigers. Ellis singled to center. Hatteberg singled to left, Ellis to second. Tejada struck out swinging. Durazo singled to center, Ellis scored, Hatteberg to second. Dye grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Durazo out at second, Hatteberg to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Young flied out to right. Palmer lined out to second. Munson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Bernero pitching for Tigers. Long grounded out to second. Hernandez singled to left. Singleton grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Hernandez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Infante reached on infield single to pitcher. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to third, Infante out at second. Santiago sacrificed to pitcher, Infante to third, Inge to second. Higginson grounded out to third. Kingsale grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Bernero pitching for Tigers. Menechino grounded out to second. Ellis struck out looking. Hatteberg grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Pena grounded out to second. Young grounded out to second. Palmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Bernero pitching for Tigers. Tejada struck out swinging. Durazo walked. Dye struck out looking. Long flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Munson struck out looking. Infante reached on infield single to shortstop. Inge flied out to center. Santiago walked, Infante to second. Higginson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Bernero pitching for Tigers. Hernandez singled to center. Singleton doubled to right, Hernandez to third. Menechino hit by pitch. Ellis singled to left, Hernandez scored, Singleton to third, Menechino to second. Hatteberg hit sacrifice fly to right, Singleton scored. Tejada flied out to right. Durazo flied out to deep right. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Kingsale grounded out to pitcher. Pena grounded out to second. Young hit by pitch. Palmer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Bernero pitching for Tigers. Dye flied out to center. Long grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Munson flied out to center. Infante struck out swinging. Inge flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Bernero pitching for Tigers. Singleton reached on bunt single to pitcher. Menechino singled to center, Singleton to second. Ellis doubled to deep left, Singleton scored, Menechino to third. Walker pitching for Tigers. Hatteberg walked. Roney pitching for Tigers. Tejada grounded into double play, shortstop to catcher to first, Menechino out at home, Ellis to third, Hatteberg to second. Durazo intentionally walked. Dye struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Hudson pitching for Athletics. Santiago flied out to right. Higginson walked. Kingsale walked, Higginson to second. Pena struck out looking. Young homered to left, Higginson and Kingsale scored. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Palmer struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Roney pitching for Tigers. Long singled to left. Hernandez doubled to left, Long scored, Hernandez to third advancing on throw. German pitching for Tigers. Singleton struck out swinging. Menechino hit by pitch. Ellis struck out swinging. Hatteberg walked, Menechino to second. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Tejada struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Munson struck out swinging. Halter hit for Inge. Infante doubled to left. Halter singled to right, Infante scored. Santiago struck out swinging. Higginson safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Tejada, Halter to second. Monroe ran for Halter. Kingsale singled to right center, Monroe scored, Higginson to second. Walbeck catching. Pena struck out looking. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. German pitching for Tigers. Durazo grounded out to second. Dye struck out swinging. Long walked. Hernandez walked, Long to second. Anderson pitching for Tigers. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Singleton fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 10th. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Young grounded out to second. Palmer struck out swinging. Munson walked. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Munson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 10th. Menechino grounded out to shortstop. Ellis walked. Hatteberg grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ellis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 11th. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Walbeck grounded out to shortstop. Santiago grounded out to pitcher. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Higginson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 11th. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Tejada homered to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 5 - Athletics 6.	Tejada ends slump with HR to doom Tigers in 11th