Athletics - Top 1st. Bernero pitching for Tigers. Ellis singled to left. Hatteberg grounded out to third, Ellis to second. Chavez struck out swinging. Tejada singled to right, Ellis scored. Durazo singled to left center, Tejada to third. Hernandez reached on infield single to third, Tejada scored, Durazo to second. Long walked, Durazo to third, Hernandez to second. Byrnes tripled to deep left center, Durazo, Hernandez and Long scored. Singleton singled to right, Byrnes scored. Ellis struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Zito pitching for Athletics. Torres struck out looking. Infante flied out to center. Higginson singled to right. Young singled to left, Higginson to second. Monroe walked, Higginson to third, Young to second. Pena flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Bernero pitching for Tigers. Hatteberg singled to center. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hatteberg out at second. Tejada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Halter walked. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to second, Halter out at second. Kingsale flied out to left. Torres tripled to deep center, Inge scored, Torres scored on throwing error by center fielder Singleton. Infante grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Bernero pitching for Tigers. Durazo grounded out to second. Hernandez walked. Long grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Hernandez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Higginson flied out to center. Young grounded out to shortstop. Monroe struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Bernero pitching for Tigers. Byrnes walked. Singleton singled to center, Byrnes to second. Ellis sacrificed to third, Byrnes to third, Singleton to second. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Hatteberg doubled to deep center, Byrnes and Singleton scored. Chavez grounded out to second, Hatteberg to third. Tejada flied out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Pena singled to right. Halter struck out looking. Inge flied out to left center. Kingsale lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Durazo walked. Hernandez reached on infield single to shortstop, Durazo to second. Long reached on infield single to third, Durazo to third, Hernandez to second, Durazo and Hernandez scored, Long to third on throwing error by third baseman Young. Byrnes singled to right, Long scored. Singleton struck out swinging. Ellis struck out swinging. Menechino at second base. Hatteberg fouled out to third. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Torres flied out to left. Infante popped out to second. Roney pitching for Tigers. Santiago at second base. Halter in left field. Monroe in right field. Higginson flied out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Roney pitching for Tigers. Chavez grounded out to second. Tejada flied out to right. Durazo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Young struck out swinging. Monroe struck out swinging. Pena flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Grabowski hit for Long. Roney pitching for Tigers. Hernandez popped out to shallow center. Grabowski struck out swinging. Grabowski in right field. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Byrnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Halter struck out swinging. Inge singled to right. German pitching for Tigers. Walbeck catching. Kingsale grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Inge out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. German pitching for Tigers. Singleton struck out looking. Menechino walked. Hatteberg struck out swinging. Chavez walked, Menechino to second. Neu pitching for Athletics. Tejada popped out to shallow left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Neu pitching for Athletics. Torres grounded out to first. Infante flied out to right. Santiago hit by pitch. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Durazo flied out to center. Johnson hit for Hernandez. Johnson grounded out to first. Johnson catching. Bowie pitching for Athletics. Grabowski grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Bowie pitching for Athletics. Monroe flied out to deep right. Pena grounded out to second. Halter flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 11 - Tigers 2.	Zito's early run support spells doom for Tigers