Tigers - Top 1st. Garland pitching for White Sox. Kingsale grounded out to first. Santiago grounded out to second. Higginson walked. Higginson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Young batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Graffanino singled to center. Valentin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Graffanino out at second. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to third, Valentin out at second. Ordonez doubled to deep center, Thomas scored. Lee grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Young walked. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to second, Young out at second. Monroe struck out swinging. Witt flied out to deep left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Konerko flied out to center. Crede grounded out to third. Borchard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Infante grounded out to shortstop. Kingsale grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Olivo bunt grounded out to catcher. Graffanino walked. Valentin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Graffanino out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Santiago flied out to center. Higginson reached on infield single to shortstop. Young fouled out to third. Pena popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Thomas walked. Thomas to second on wild pitch by Maroth. Ordonez grounded out to pitcher. Lee flied out to left. Konerko grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Monroe struck out swinging. Witt singled to left. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Witt out at second. Infante walked, Inge to second. Kingsale singled to right, Inge scored, Infante to third, Kingsale to second advancing on throw. Santiago grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Crede homered to left. Borchard struck out swinging. Olivo safe at first on error by second baseman Santiago. Graffanino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Olivo safe at second on error by third baseman Young. Valentin fouled out to first, Olivo thrown out at third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Higginson doubled to right. Young flied out to deep center, Higginson to third. Pena hit sacrifice fly to center, Higginson scored. Monroe bunt grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Thomas struck out looking. Ordonez singled to left. Gordon pitching for White Sox. Lee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ordonez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Gordon pitching for White Sox. Witt grounded out to second. Inge struck out swinging. Infante fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Konerko flied out to right. Crede fouled out to first. Borchard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Gordon pitching for White Sox. Kingsale grounded out to pitcher. Santiago safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Crede. Wunsch pitching for White Sox. Higginson grounded out to first, Santiago to third. Young doubled to left, Santiago scored. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Pena popped out to shallow center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Olivo singled to right. Graffanino sacrificed to pitcher, Olivo to second. Valentin grounded out to first, Olivo to third. Glover pitching for White Sox. Thomas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Glover pitching for White Sox. Monroe grounded out to third. Witt walked. Torres ran for Witt. Torres stole second. Munson at third base. Young in left field. Inge lined into double play, shortstop to second, Torres doubled off second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Ordonez popped out to shallow left center. Lee batting. Konerko flied out to right center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 3 - White Sox 2.	First for Maroth! Tiger's victory first in 10 decisions