Tigers - Top 1st. George pitching for Royals. Torres grounded out to second. Morris walked. Young singled to right, Morris to third. Monroe doubled to right center, Morris and Young scored, Monroe to third advancing on throw. Munson struck out swinging. Halter singled to right, Monroe scored. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Halter out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Tucker singled to right. Relaford singled to left, Tucker to second. Beltran grounded out to first, Tucker to third, Relaford to second. Ibanez popped out to shallow left. Harvey singled to left, Tucker and Relaford scored. Patterson walked, Harvey to second. Berroa lined out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. George pitching for Royals. Hinch flied out to deep center. Santiago grounded out to third. Torres struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Difelice singled to center. Febles sacrificed to pitcher, Difelice to second. Tucker singled to center, Difelice scored, Tucker to second advancing on throw. Relaford popped out to second. Beltran flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. George pitching for Royals. Morris lined out to deep left. Young homered to left. Monroe grounded out to third. Munson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Ibanez grounded out to first. Harvey flied out to right. Patterson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. George pitching for Royals. Halter homered to left center. Ross safe at first on error by third baseman Relaford. Hinch popped out to second. Santiago singled to center, Ross to third. Torres grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Santiago out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 4th. Cornejo pitching for Tigers. Berroa reached on infield single to shortstop. Difelice singled to left center, Berroa to third. Febles reached on infield single to pitcher, Difelice to second. Tucker singled to right, Berroa scored, Difelice to third, Febles to second. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Relaford safe at first on error by first baseman Halter, Difelice scored, Febles to third, Tucker to second. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to second, Febles scored, Relaford out at second, Tucker to third. Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to right, Tucker scored. Beltran stole second, Beltran safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hinch. Harvey lined out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. George pitching for Royals. Morris grounded out to second. Young grounded out to pitcher. Monroe walked. Monroe stole second. Munson walked. Field pitching for Royals. Halter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Patterson lined out to third. Berroa popped out to second. Difelice grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Field pitching for Royals. Ross hit by pitch. Hinch popped out to second. Santiago singled to left, Ross to second. Sanchez ran for Ross. Torres struck out swinging. Sanchez in center field. Torres in right field. Morris grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Santiago out at second, Sanchez to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Febles singled to left. Febles to second on wild pitch by Spurling. Tucker tripled to center, Febles scored. Relaford grounded out to first. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tucker out at home. Ibanez singled to right, Beltran to third. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Harvey singled to right, Beltran scored, Ibanez to third. Lowe pitching for Royals. Patterson grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Lowe pitching for Royals. Young grounded out to shortstop. Monroe grounded out to second. Munson singled to right. Halter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Berroa safe at first on error by third baseman Munson. Berroa stole second. Difelice flied out to right. Berroa stole third. Febles flied out to center. Tucker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 8th. Lowe pitching for Royals. Sanchez bunt grounded out to pitcher. Hinch flied out to center. Avery pitching for Tigers. Santiago grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Avery pitching for Tigers. Relaford grounded out to pitcher. Beltran flied out to left. Ibanez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Lowe pitching for Royals. Torres struck out swinging. Morris singled to right. Young struck out looking. Morris to second on fielder's indifference. Monroe homered to center, Morris scored. Munson homered to center. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Witt hit for Halter. Witt grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 8 - Royals 9.	Royals stay perfect against lowly Tigers, barely