Rangers - Top 1st. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Young lined out to second. Blalock struck out swinging. Rodriguez tripled to deep center. Palmeiro singled to right, Rodriguez scored. Spencer struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Sanchez singled to left. Sanchez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Petrick homered to right. Higginson singled to left, Higginson out stretching at second. Young lined out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Jones flied out to center. Thames grounded out to third. Greene grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Pena grounded out to second. Halter walked. Morris walked, Halter to second. Inge struck out swinging. Santiago walked, Halter to third, Morris to second. Sanchez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Nivar struck out swinging. Young singled to right. Blalock safe at first on error by first baseman Pena, Young to second. Rodriguez homered to left, Young and Blalock scored. Palmeiro walked. Spencer struck out swinging. Jones popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Petrick walked. Higginson flied out to right. Young singled to right, Petrick to third. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to second, Petrick scored, Young out at second. Pena to second on wild pitch by Thomson. Halter reached on infield single to catcher, Pena hit by batted ball out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Thames singled to left. Greene flied out to center. Nivar singled to right, Thames to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nivar out at second, Thames to third. Blalock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Morris singled to left. Inge lined out to pitcher. Santiago reached on infield single to second, Morris to second, Morris to third on throwing error by second baseman Young. Sanchez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Santiago out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 5th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Rodriguez walked. Palmeiro flied out to left. Spencer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez out at second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to first, Spencer to second. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to third, Spencer out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Petrick doubled to shallow left. Higginson singled to right, Petrick scored. Young lined out to second. Pena flied out to center. Halter popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Greene singled to left. Nivar caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Morris flied out to left. Inge grounded out to third. Santiago struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Blalock grounded out to third. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Palmeiro singled to right. Spencer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Sanchez grounded out to second. Petrick struck out swinging. Higginson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Sadler ran for Jones. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Jones singled to left. Thames struck out swinging, Sadler stole second. Greene lined out to third. Nivar singled to center, Sadler scored. Nivar stole second. Eckenstahler pitching for Tigers. Young intentionally walked. Sadler in left field. Blalock grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Young grounded out to second. Pena tripled to right. Halter hit sacrifice fly to right, Pena scored. Roney pitching for Tigers. Morris grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Roney pitching for Tigers. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Palmeiro singled to right. Spencer flied out to center. Sadler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Palmeiro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Witt hit for Santiago. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Monroe hit for Witt. Inge singled to center. Monroe singled to left, Inge to second. Sanchez bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Inge out at third, Monroe to second. Petrick struck out looking. Higginson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Tigers 4.	Texas 5, Detroit 4