Angels - Top 1st. Figgins singled to right. Owens reached on bunt single to second, Figgins to second. Anderson homered to right, Figgins and Owens scored. Spiezio struck out swinging. Wooten flied out to right. Riggs popped out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Sanchez doubled to deep left. Sanchez stole third, Sanchez scored on throwing error by catcher Molina. Klassen grounded out to pitcher. Higginson struck out looking. Young homered to right. Pena struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 2nd. Molina singled to left. Kennedy grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Molina safe at second on error by pitcher Maroth. Amezaga sacrificed to pitcher, Molina to third, Kennedy to second. Figgins singled to left, Molina and Kennedy scored, Figgins thrown out at second attempting to advance on throw. Owens fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Monroe flied out to left. Morris walked. Inge singled to right, Morris to second, Morris scored, Inge to third on error by right fielder Owens. Santiago singled to right, Inge scored. Sanchez reached on bunt single to pitcher, Santiago to second. Klassen struck out swinging. Higginson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sanchez out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 3rd. Anderson flied out to right. Spiezio grounded out to shortstop. Wooten walked. Wooten caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Riggs batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Young struck out swinging. Pena homered to right center. Monroe grounded out to third. Morris singled to left center. Inge flied out to left center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Riggs grounded out to first. Molina singled to left. Kennedy struck out swinging. Amezaga flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Santiago grounded out to second. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Klassen lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Figgins reached on infield single to first. Owens lined out to center. Anderson singled to left, Figgins to second. Spiezio hit sacrifice fly to deep left, Figgins scored. Wooten grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Higginson popped out to shortstop. Young doubled to right. Pena singled to right, Young scored. Monroe flied out to deep right center. Morris singled to right, Pena to third. Jones pitching for Angels. Inge singled to left center, Pena scored, Morris to third. Inge stole second. Schmack pitching for Tigers. Santiago grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Riggs popped out to shortstop. Molina singled to left center. Kennedy flied out to center. Amezaga walked, Molina to second. Figgins popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Sanchez grounded out to first. Klassen struck out swinging. Roney pitching for Tigers. Higginson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Owens singled to left. Anderson fouled out to catcher. Spiezio walked, Owens to second. Wooten flied out to left, Owens to third. Riggs walked, Spiezio to second. German pitching for Tigers. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Riggs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Young walked. Pena struck out swinging. Monroe struck out swinging. Morris singled to left center, Young to third. Weber pitching for Angels. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morris out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Kennedy walked. Kennedy stole second. Amezaga walked. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Davanon hit for Owens. Figgins sacrificed to pitcher, Kennedy to third, Amezaga to second. Davanon walked. Anderson singled to right, Kennedy and Amezaga scored, Davanon to third. Spiezio struck out swinging. Wooten singled to right center, Davanon scored, Anderson to second. Davanon in right field. Riggs grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Santiago reached on infield single to second. Witt hit for Klassen. Sanchez singled to right, Santiago to second. Witt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sanchez out at second, Santiago to third. Higginson singled to center, Santiago scored. Halter at third base. Walker pitching for Tigers. Young grounded into fielder's choice to second, Higginson out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Molina fouled out to left. Kennedy bunt popped out foul to first. Percival pitching for Angels. Amezaga struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Pena safe at first on error by second baseman Kennedy. Petrick ran for Pena. Monroe fouled out to first. Morris struck out swinging. Inge homered to left center, Petrick scored. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Angels 9 - Tigers 10.	Detroit 10, Anaheim 9