Pirates - Top 1st. Millwood pitching for Phillies. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. Kendall walked. Giles singled to left center, Kendall to second. Ramirez struck out swinging. Simon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. D'Amico pitching for Pirates. Rollins singled to center. Polanco singled to center, Rollins to second. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rollins to third, Polanco safe at second on error by Reese. Thome grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rollins scored, Abreu out at second, Polanco to third. Burrell popped out to second. Bell singled to center, Polanco scored, Thome to second. Lieberthal fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Millwood pitching for Phillies. Stairs flied out to right center. Reese singled to center. Nunez singled to right, Reese to second. D'Amico sacrificed to pitcher, Reese to third, Nunez to second. Lofton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. D'Amico pitching for Pirates. Ledee struck out swinging. Millwood struck out looking. Rollins doubled to right. Polanco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Millwood pitching for Phillies. Kendall singled to left. Giles grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kendall out at second. Ramirez tripled to right. Simon singled to right, Ramirez scored. Stairs struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. D'Amico pitching for Pirates. Abreu walked. Thome struck out looking. Burrell flied out to deep left. Silva pitching for Phillies. Bell grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Silva pitching for Phillies. Reese struck out swinging. Nunez singled to right. D'Amico reached on bunt single to first, Nunez to second. Lofton singled to left, Nunez to third, D'Amico to second. Kendall struck out looking. Giles fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. D'Amico pitching for Pirates. Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop. Ledee singled to left. Silva sacrificed to pitcher, Ledee to second. Rollins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Silva pitching for Phillies. Ramirez flied out to right center. Simon struck out swinging. Stairs flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. D'Amico pitching for Pirates. Polanco singled to right. Abreu flied out to deep center, Polanco to second. Thome walked. Polanco to third, Thome to second on wild pitch by D'Amico. Burrell doubled to left, Polanco and Thome scored. Bell hit by pitch. Lieberthal singled to left, Burrell scored, Bell to second. Beimel pitching for Pirates. Mackowiak in right field. Bell to third on passed ball by Kendall. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bell scored, Lieberthal out at second. Byrd in center field. Silva grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Silva pitching for Phillies. Reese struck out swinging. Nunez grounded out to second. Mackowiak walked. Plesac pitching for Phillies. Lofton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mackowiak out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Pirates. Rollins singled to left. Polanco walked, Rollins to second. Abreu homered to right, Rollins and Polanco scored. Thome struck out swinging. Burrell singled to right. Bell flied out to right. Lieberthal grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Plesac pitching for Phillies. Kendall struck out swinging. Giles popped out to third. Tavarez pitching for Pirates. Ramirez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Perez hit for Plesac. Tavarez pitching for Pirates. Byrd doubled to right. Perez reached on infield single to shortstop, Byrd to third. Rollins doubled to deep right center, Byrd and Perez scored. Polanco grounded out to third. Abreu walked. Thome singled to center, Rollins scored, Abreu to second. Houston hit for Bell. Burrell flied out to deep center. Perez at third base. Adams pitching for Phillies. Houston flied out to deep left. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Wilson hit for Tavarez. Adams pitching for Phillies. Simon grounded out to third. Wilson struck out looking. Reese singled to left. Wilson catching. Boehringer pitching for Pirates. Nunez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Boehringer pitching for Pirates. Lieberthal homered to left. Byrd walked. Perez flied out to right. Rollins doubled to deep left center, Byrd scored. Polanco singled to center, Rollins scored. Abreu struck out swinging. Thome doubled to deep right center, Polanco scored. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Burrell flied out to right. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Mackowiak grounded out to shortstop. Young hit for Boehringer. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. Young popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 1 - Phillies 16.	Millwood strains groin, but Phils rout Pirates