Indians - Top 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Lawton singled to left center. Blake singled to left, Lawton to second. Gerut grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Blake out at second, Lawton to third. Bradley lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Wilson popped out to third. Reboulet flied out to right. Giles walked. Ramirez singled to left, Giles to second. Sanders singled to left, Giles scored, Ramirez to second. Wilson singled to left, Ramirez scored, Sanders to second. Young struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Broussard singled to center. Laker singled to left, Broussard to second. Phillips singled to left, Broussard to third, Laker to second. Peralta singled to center, Broussard scored, Laker to third, Phillips to second. Sabathia struck out swinging. Lawton walked, Laker scored, Phillips to third, Peralta to second. Blake hit sacrifice fly to center, Phillips scored, Peralta to third, Lawton to second. Gerut struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Hyzdu safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Peralta. Vogelsong sacrificed to first, Hyzdu to second. Wilson walked. Reboulet grounded out to second, Hyzdu to third, Wilson to second. Giles flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Bradley struck out looking. Broussard flied out to left. Laker flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Ramirez walked. Sanders flied out to left center. Wilson continues to bat after dropped foul ball by second baseman Phillips. Wilson flied out to deep center. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Phillips flied out to shallow left center. Peralta flied out to center. Sabathia grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Hyzdu reached on infield single to shortstop. Vogelsong sacrificed to first, Hyzdu to second. Wilson grounded out to third. Reboulet grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Lawton grounded out to first. Blake doubled to deep right center. Gerut fouled out to catcher. Bradley intentionally walked. Broussard singled to right center, Blake scored, Bradley to third. Laker flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Giles walked. Ramirez struck out looking. Sanders grounded into fielder's choice to third, Giles out at second. Wilson singled to right, Sanders to second. Young popped out to shallow left center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Phillips doubled to left center. Peralta walked. Sabathia reached on bunt single to third, Phillips to third, Peralta to second. Beimel pitching for Pirates. Lawton walked, Phillips scored, Peralta to third, Sabathia to second. Blake hit sacrifice fly to left, Peralta scored. Gerut singled to center, Sabathia to third, Lawton to second. Bradley singled to center, Sabathia and Lawton scored, Gerut to second. Broussard flied out to right. Laker grounded out to catcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Rivera hit for Beimel. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Hyzdu reached on infield single to third. Rivera doubled to left center, Hyzdu scored. Wilson bunt grounded out to pitcher, Rivera to third. Reboulet lined out to shortstop. Boehringer pitching for Pirates. Giles struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Boehringer pitching for Pirates. Phillips grounded out to third. Crisp hit for Sabathia. Peralta reached on infield single to third. Crisp grounded out to third, Peralta to second. Crisp in left field. Boyd pitching for Indians. Lawton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Boyd pitching for Indians. Ramirez flied out to left. Sanders flied out to center. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Boehringer pitching for Pirates. Blake doubled to deep left. Gerut walked. Bradley struck out swinging. Broussard flied out to left. Laker popped out to shallow right center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Boyd pitching for Indians. Young struck out swinging. Stairs hit for Boehringer. Hyzdu doubled to deep right. Stairs homered to right, Hyzdu scored. Wilson struck out swinging. Torres pitching for Pirates. Reboulet grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Phillips grounded out to third. Peralta flied out to center. Baez pitching for Indians. Crisp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Baez pitching for Indians. Giles flied out to center. Ramirez doubled to deep left. Sanders struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 8 - Pirates 5.	Sabathia puts Cleveland on winning track