Rockies - Top 1st. Torres pitching for Pirates. Womack flied out to right. Bellhorn singled to center. Helton singled to left center, Belliard to third. Wilson grounded out to shortstop, Belliard scored, Helton to second. Helton to third on passed ball by Kendall. Helton scored on Torres' wild pitch. Walker grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Stark pitching for Rockies. Redman tripled to deep right center. Kendall walked. Giles walked, Kendall to second. Stairs grounded into fielder's choice to first, Redman scored, Giles out at second, Kendall to third. Sanders hit sacrifice fly to left center, Kendall scored. Hernandez flied out to right center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Torres pitching for Pirates. Payton hit by pitch. Stynes walked, Payton to second. Johnson walked, Payton to third, Stynes to second. Stark grounded out to third, Payton scored, Stynes to third, Johnson to second. Womack singled to left center, Stynes and Johnson scored. Belliard struck out swinging. Helton grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Stark pitching for Rockies. Wilson grounded out to second. Nunez walked. Torres sacrificed to first, Nunez to second. Redman walked. Kendall walked, Nunez to third, Redman to second. Giles lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Torres pitching for Pirates. Wilson grounded out to third. Walker grounded out to first. Payton doubled to left. Stynes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Stark pitching for Rockies. Stairs struck out swinging. Sanders singled to left center. Hernandez struck out swinging. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sanders out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Johnson struck out swinging. Stark grounded out to first. Womack grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Stark pitching for Rockies. Nunez grounded out to first. Torres grounded out to second. Redman grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Belliard walked. Helton homered to right, Belliard scored. Wilson flied out to center. Walker grounded out to second. Payton grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Stark pitching for Rockies. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Giles homered to right. Stairs singled to shallow right center. Sanders singled to left, Stairs to second. Hernandez flied out to right. Wilson singled to left, Stairs scored, Sanders to second. Simon hit for Torres. Nunez singled to left, Sanders scored, Wilson to third, Wilson scored, Nunez to second on error by left fielder Payton. Cook pitching for Rockies. Wilson at first base. Mann pitching for Pirates. Simon grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 6th. Mann pitching for Pirates. Stynes safe at second on error by third baseman Hernandez. Johnson homered to left, Stynes scored. Cook flied out to center. Womack flied out to shallow center. Belliard singled to left. Helton singled to left, Belliard to third. Tavarez pitching for Pirates. Wilson singled to left, Belliard scored, Helton to second. Walker walked, Helton to third, Wilson to second. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Walker out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Redman walked. Kendall lined into double play, second to first, Redman doubled off first. Giles flied out to deep left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Tavarez pitching for Pirates. Stynes flied out to deep right. Johnson grounded out to first. Cook struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Wilson struck out swinging. Sanders flied out to shallow center. Hernandez singled to center. Wilson lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Tavarez pitching for Pirates. Womack reached on infield single to shortstop. Belliard flied out to right. Helton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Womack out at second. Reed pitching for Rockies. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Rivera hit for Tavarez. Reed pitching for Rockies. Nunez flied out to shallow center. Rivera walked. Redman struck out looking. Sanchez pitching for Pirates. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rivera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Sanchez pitching for Pirates. Walker grounded out to shortstop. Payton hit by pitch. Stynes singled to center, Payton to third. Norton hit for Reed. Johnson reached on infield single to third, Payton scored, Stynes to second. Speier pitching for Rockies. Norton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Johnson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Giles struck out looking. Wilson singled to center. Sanders doubled to deep left, Wilson to third. Hernandez walked. Wilson singled to shallow left center, Wilson scored, Sanders to third, Hernandez to second. Reboulet hit for Sanchez. Nunez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sanders scored, Wilson out at second, Hernandez to third. Nunez to second on fielder's indifference. Hernandez scored, Nunez to third on passed ball by Johnson. Reboulet walked. Bernero pitching for Rockies. Redman tripled to deep right center, Nunez and Reboulet scored. Kendall singled to left, Redman scored. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 11 - Pirates 12.	Six-run rally in ninth proves plenty for Pirates