Brewers - Top 1st. Figueroa pitching for Pirates. Young singled to left center. Podsednik grounded into fielder's choice to second, Young out at second. Podsednik stole second. Jenkins struck out swinging. Sexson singled to left, Podsednik scored. Vander Wal doubled to deep center, Sexson thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Kendall flied out to deep center. Nunez flied out to center. Giles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Figueroa pitching for Pirates. Ginter grounded out to shortstop. Perez grounded out to second. Clayton reached on infield single to shortstop. Kinney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Stairs grounded out to first. Sanders popped out to second. Simon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Figueroa pitching for Pirates. Young flied out to deep center. Podsednik reached on bunt single to third. Jenkins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Podsednik out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Hernandez popped out to second. Wilson flied out to left. Figueroa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Figueroa pitching for Pirates. Sexson homered to center. Vander Wal struck out swinging. Ginter hit by pitch. Perez grounded out to third, Ginter to second. Clayton intentionally walked. Kinney struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Kendall singled to center. Nunez singled to right, Kendall to second, Kendall to third advancing on play. Giles fouled out to third. Nunez stole second. Stairs struck out swinging. Sanders lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Figueroa pitching for Pirates. Young walked. Podsednik sacrificed to pitcher, Young to third. Jenkins grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Young out at third, Jenkins to second advancing on play. Sexson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Simon singled to left. Hernandez reached on infield single to shortstop, Simon to second. Rivera hit for Figueroa. Wilson sacrificed to pitcher, Simon to third, Hernandez to second, Simon scored, Hernandez to third, Wilson safe at second on throwing error by catcher Perez. Rivera grounded out to second, Hernandez scored, Wilson to third. Kendall hit sacrifice fly to left, Wilson scored. Nunez walked. Corey pitching for Pirates. Giles flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 6th. Corey pitching for Pirates. Vander Wal struck out swinging. Ginter flied out to right. Perez lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Stairs fouled out to third. Sanders struck out swinging. Simon hit by pitch. Hernandez singled to left, Simon to second. Vizcaino pitching for Brewers. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Hall hit for Vizcaino. Corey pitching for Pirates. Clayton flied out to catcher. Hall flied out to deep right. Young walked. Redman in center field. Beimel pitching for Pirates. Dejean pitching for Brewers. Young caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. DeJean pitching for Brewers. Redman grounded out to second. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Nunez reached on infield single to shortstop. Giles walked, Nunez to second. Stairs homered to left, Nunez and Giles scored. Sanders struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Pirates. Podsednik reached on infield single to second. Jenkins singled to center, Podsednik to third. Tavarez pitching for Pirates. Sexson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Podsednik scored, Jenkins out at second. Kieschnick pitching for Brewers. Vander Wal flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Kieschnick pitching for Brewers. Tavarez struck out looking. Hernandez lined out to center. Wilson singled to center. Redman fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Tavarez pitching for Pirates. Ginter grounded out to third. Clark hit for Clayton. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Clark walked. Clark to second on fielder's indifference. Kieschnick grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 3 - Pirates 6.	Pittsburgh 6, Milwaukee 3