Cubs - Top 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Lofton grounded out to first. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Sosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Clement pitching for Cubs. Redman grounded out to shortstop. Wilson doubled to deep left. Kendall struck out swinging. Stairs grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Alou grounded out to third. Simon grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Clement pitching for Cubs. Bay struck out looking. Rivera struck out swinging. Nunez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez flied out to right. Bako safe at first on error by first baseman Rivera. Clement sacrificed to first, Bako to second. Lofton singled to left, Bako scored, Lofton to second on error by left fielder Bay. Grudzielanek hit by pitch. Sosa struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Clement pitching for Cubs. Hernandez struck out swinging. Vogelsong grounded out to shortstop. Redman doubled to left center. Wilson singled to center, Redman scored, Wilson to second. Kendall grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Alou singled to center. Simon flied out to center. Ramirez struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to left, Alou to second. Bako walked, Alou to third, Gonzalez to second. Clement grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Stairs walked. Bay walked, Stairs to second. Rivera hit by pitch, Stairs to third, Bay to second. Nunez reached on infield single to third, Stairs scored, Bay to third, Rivera to second. Hernandez singled to left, Bay and Rivera scored, Nunez to second. Guthrie pitching for Cubs. Vogelsong singled to shallow right, Nunez to third, Hernandez to second. Redman singled to shallow left, Nunez and Hernandez scored, Vogelsong to second. Wilson flied out to center. Kendall lined into double play, to shortstop, Vogelsong doubled off second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Lofton singled to center. Grudzielanek lined out to second. Sosa struck out swinging, Lofton stole second. Alou flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Guthrie pitching for Cubs. Stairs lined out to pitcher. Bay walked. Rivera grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Bay out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Simon singled to left. Ramirez flied out to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Simon out at home on catcher Kendall error, Bako safe at second on throwing error by catcher Kendall, Simon out at home on catcher Vogelsong's wild pitch, Bako to second on wild pitch by. Sanchez pitching for Cubs. Bako struck out swinging, Bako to second, Simon thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Sanchez pitching for Cubs. Nunez doubled to deep left. Hernandez struck out swinging, Nunez stole third. Vogelsong struck out swinging. Alfonseca pitching for Cubs. Martinez at shortstop. Redman walked. Redman stole second. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Martinez struck out looking. Lofton flied out to left. Grudzielanek lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Alfonseca pitching for Cubs. Kendall lined out to second. Stairs flied out to center. Bay walked. Bay stole second. Rivera homered to right, Bay scored. Nunez singled to center. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Davis in right field. Hernandez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Sosa struck out swinging. Alou grounded out to shortstop. Simon walked. Mitre pitching for Cubs. Choi at first base. Ramirez doubled to deep right center, Simon scored, Ramirez out stretching at third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Mitre pitching for Cubs. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Redman safe at second on error by second baseman Grudzielanek. Wilson grounded out to shortstop, Redman to third. Boehringer pitching for Pirates. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 9th. Boehringer pitching for Pirates. Choi struck out looking. Bako struck out looking. Martinez singled to left. Lofton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 2 - Pirates 8.	Cubs unable to gain ground, fall to Bucs