Brewers - Top 1st. Harang pitching for Reds. Podsednik walked. Hall doubled to deep right, Podsednik scored. Ginter struck out looking. Jenkins doubled to left, Hall scored. Overbay struck out swinging. Durrington flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Jimenez doubled to deep center. Larkin struck out swinging. Casey grounded out to pitcher. Dunn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Harang pitching for Reds. Grieve struck out looking. Bennett grounded out to third. Obermueller grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Griffey Jr flied out to left. Larson grounded out to shortstop. Cruz singled to left center. Valentin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Harang pitching for Reds. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. Hall popped out to shortstop. Ginter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Harang grounded out to shortstop. Jimenez grounded out to first. Larkin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Harang pitching for Reds. Jenkins flied out to center. Overbay grounded out to second. Durrington tripled to deep right. Grieve grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Casey singled to right. Dunn doubled to right, Casey to third. Griffey Jr singled to center, Casey scored, Dunn to third. Larson walked, Griffey Jr to second. Cruz struck out looking. Valentin hit sacrifice fly to center, Dunn scored, Griffey Jr to third. Harang grounded into fielder's choice to third, Larson out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Harang pitching for Reds. Bennett flied out to left. Obermueller struck out swinging. Podsednik doubled to deep center. Hall homered to left, Podsednik scored. Ginter singled to right center. Jenkins grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Jimenez grounded out to second. Larkin grounded out to shortstop. Casey grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Harang pitching for Reds. Overbay doubled to deep left. Durrington grounded out to first, Overbay to third. Grieve intentionally walked. Reith pitching for Reds. Bennett singled to right, Overbay scored, Grieve to third. Obermueller sacrificed to pitcher, Bennett to second. Podsednik walked. Hall popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Dunn walked. Griffey Jr homered to right, Dunn scored. Larson grounded out to third. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Valentin flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Reith pitching for Reds. Ginter walked. Wagner pitching for Reds. Freel in right field. Jenkins struck out looking. Overbay singled to left center, Ginter to second. Durrington walked, Ginter to third, Overbay to second. Grieve hit sacrifice fly to left, Ginter scored. Jones pitching for Reds. Bennett walked, Overbay to third, Durrington to second. Obermueller grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Clark in right field. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Freel singled to center. Bennett pitching for Brewers. Jimenez walked, Freel to second. Larkin safe at first on error by second baseman Ginter, Freel to third, Jimenez to second. Casey hit sacrifice fly to center, Freel scored, Casey safe at first on error by center fielder Podsednik. Jimenez to third, Larkin to second, Casey to first on error by center fielder. Dunn struck out looking. Griffey Jr singled to right center, Jimenez and Larkin scored, Casey to second. Castro hit for Jones. Larson reached on infield single to third, Casey to third, Griffey Jr to second. Castro safe at first on error by pitcher Bennett, Casey scored, Griffey Jr to third, Larson to second. Griffey Jr scored, Larson to third, Castro to second on wild pitch by Bennett. Kieschnick pitching for Brewers. Valentin struck out swinging. Riedling pitching for Reds. Castro at third base. Freel grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 3 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Riedling pitching for Reds. Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop. Hall flied out to right. Ginter struck out looking. Jenkins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Podsednik out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Kieschnick pitching for Brewers. Jimenez grounded out to second. Larkin singled to right. Casey popped out to shortstop. Larkin stole second. Dunn intentionally walked. Graves pitching for Reds. Griffey Jr grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Graves pitching for Reds. Overbay struck out swinging. Durrington struck out swinging. Clark grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 6 - Reds 9.	Five alive: Griffey drops in order, has big day