Marlins - Top 1st . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Granderson singled to left center . Rojas struck out looking . Anderson struck out swinging . Castro walked , Granderson to second . Alfaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Richards pitching for Marlins . McCutchen lined out to center . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Harper walked . Hoskins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Galloway fouled out to catcher . Berti singled to right . Berti picked off first . Herrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Richards pitching for Marlins . Realmuto struck out swinging . Williams homered to center ( 419 feet ) . Hernández singled to right . Franco singled to center , Hernández to second . Arrieta sacrificed to third , Franco to second , Hernández to third . Hernández scored , Franco to third on passed ball by Alfaro . McCutchen walked . Segura hit by pitch , McCutchen to second . Rodríguez ran for Segura . Harper doubled to deep right , Franco scored and McCutchen scored , Rodríguez to third . Hoskins lined out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Rodríguez at shortstop . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Richards singled to right . Granderson walked , Richards to second . Rojas grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Granderson to second , Richards out at third . Anderson reached on infield single to second , Rojas to second , Granderson to third . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson scored , Anderson to second , Rojas out at third . Alfaro struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Richards pitching for Marlins . Realmuto singled to center . Williams struck out swinging . Hernández grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Realmuto out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Galloway lined out to center . Berti grounded out to third . Herrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Richards pitching for Marlins . Franco lined out to left . Arrieta flied out to right . McCutchen homered to left ( 369 feet ) . Rodríguez popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Brinson hit for Richards . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Brinson struck out swinging . Granderson doubled to deep left center . Rojas grounded out to shortstop , Granderson to third . Anderson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . García pitching for Marlins . Harper grounded out to second . Hoskins hit by pitch . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hoskins out at second . Williams singled to center , Realmuto to third . Hernández walked , Williams to second . Franco singled to center , Realmuto scored and Williams scored , Hernández to third . Arrieta reached on infield single to shortstop , Hernández scored , Franco to third . McCutchen walked , Arrieta to second . Rodríguez doubled to deep left center , Franco scored and Arrieta scored , McCutchen to third . Harper grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Castro singled to left center . Alfaro singled to right , Castro to second . Galloway singled to left , Alfaro to second , Castro to third . Berti singled to right , Castro scored , Galloway to second , Alfaro to third . Álvarez pitching for Phillies . Herrera lined out to right . Prado hit for García . Prado hit sacrifice fly to center , Alfaro scored , Galloway to third . Granderson doubled to center , Berti scored , Galloway scored and Berti scored , Granderson to second . Rojas singled to right , Granderson thrown out at home . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Chen pitching for Marlins . Hoskins singled to left . Realmuto singled to left , Hoskins to second . Williams struck out looking . Hernández grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Realmuto out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . McCutchen in left field . De Los Santos pitching for Phillies . Altherr in center field . Anderson grounded out to third . Castro singled to center . Alfaro homered to right ( 369 feet ) , Castro scored . Galloway popped out to first . Berti struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Chen pitching for Marlins . Franco grounded out to third . Altherr lined out to second . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Dominguez pitching for Phillies . Herrera singled to right . Walker hit for Chen . Walker singled to center , Herrera to second . Ureña ran for Walker . Granderson grounded out to first , Ureña to second , Herrera to third . Rojas grounded out to shortstop , Herrera scored , Ureña to third . Anderson reached on infield single to second , Ureña scored . Castro struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Steckenrider pitching for Marlins . Rodríguez walked . Harper struck out swinging . Hoskins homered to left ( 383 feet ) , Rodríguez scored . Realmuto struck out looking . Gosselin hit for Dominguez . Gosselin reached on infield single to shortstop . Hernández struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Alfaro lined out to left . Galloway singled to left . Berti struck out swinging . Herrera walked , Galloway to second . Wallach hit for Steckenrider . Wallach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 9 - Phillies 12 .	Hoskins , Williams , McCutchen lead Phillies over Marlins 12 - 9