Marlins - Top 1st . Norris pitching for Tigers . Dean flied out to right . Cooper lined out to right . Anderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Urena pitching for Marlins . Beckham doubled to left . Goodrum singled to center , Beckham scored . Castellanos flied out to center . Cabrera walked , Goodrum to second . Rodríguez struck out swinging . Stewart struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Norris pitching for Tigers . Castro struck out swinging . Ramírez singled to right . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramírez out at second . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Urena pitching for Marlins . Harrison popped out to shortstop . Hicks reached on infield single to third . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hicks to second , Jones safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Anderson , Hicks safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Anderson . Beckham grounded out to shortstop , Hicks scored . Goodrum struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 3rd . Norris pitching for Tigers . Alfaro grounded out to second . Rojas singled to center . Dean grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rojas out at second . Cooper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Urena pitching for Marlins . Castellanos struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Rodríguez reached on infield single to pitcher . Stewart doubled to right , Rodríguez scored . Harrison flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Norris pitching for Tigers . Anderson grounded out to third . Castro singled to center . Ramírez struck out swinging . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Hicks struck out swinging . Jones walked . Beckham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Norris pitching for Tigers . Walker singled to right . Alfaro grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Walker out at second . Rojas grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Alfaro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Goodrum flied out to left . Castellanos grounded out to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Norris pitching for Tigers . Dean lined out to right . Cooper homered to center ( 428 feet ) . Anderson struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Rodríguez reached on bunt single to third . Stewart singled to center , Rodríguez to second . Harrison flied out to center . Hicks grounded into double play , third to first , Rodríguez out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Norris pitching for Tigers . Ramírez singled to left . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Prado singled to left , Ramírez to third . Walker doubled to right center , Prado scored and Ramírez scored . Alfaro struck out swinging . Rojas singled to center , Walker scored . Alcántara pitching for Tigers . Rojas caught stealing second , second to first . Dean grounded out to catcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Herrera in center field . Ramírez in left field . Brice pitching for Marlins . Jones grounded out to first . Beckham flied out to left . Goodrum hit by pitch . Castellanos singled to center , Goodrum to third . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Alcantara pitching for Tigers . Cooper walked . Anderson homered to right ( 394 feet ) , Cooper scored . Castro flied out to right . Ramírez struck out swinging . Prado grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Guerrero pitching for Marlins . Rodríguez struck out swinging . Stewart singled to right center . Harrison singled to left , Stewart to second . Hicks grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Harrison out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Reininger pitching for Tigers . Walker walked . Alfaro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Walker out at second . Rojas singled to center . Herrera fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Romo pitching for Marlins . Jones struck out swinging . Beckham grounded out to catcher . Goodrum flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - Tigers 3 .	Marlins rally for 5th straight win , 6 - 3 over Tigers