Giants - Top 1st . Richards pitching for Marlins . Panik homered to right ( 360 feet ) . Yastrzemski struck out looking . Posey grounded out to shortstop . Belt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Granderson flied out to left . Cooper struck out looking . Anderson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Richards pitching for Marlins . Longoria flied out to right . Pillar lined out to right . Crawford grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Walker flied out to right . Castro singled to right . Ramírez reached on infield single to second , Castro to second . Alfaro struck out swinging . Rojas reached on infield single to first , Castro scored , Ramírez to third . Richards grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Richards pitching for Marlins . Duggar struck out swinging . Samardzija lined out to left . Panik popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Granderson flied out to left . Cooper singled to center . Anderson lined out to right . Walker singled to shallow right , Cooper to second . Castro doubled to deep center , Walker scored and Cooper scored , Castro safe at third on error by center fielder Duggar . Ramírez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 4th . Richards pitching for Marlins . Yastrzemski flied out to right . Posey walked . Posey to second on wild pitch by Richards . Posey to second on wild pitch by Richards . Belt grounded out to second , Posey to third . Longoria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Alfaro reached on infield single to shortstop . Rojas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alfaro out at second . Rojas stole second . Richards struck out looking . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Richards pitching for Marlins . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop . Duggar flied out to center . Samardzija struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Cooper walked . Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop , Cooper to second . Vincent pitching for Giants . Walker struck out swinging . Castro lined out to center . Ramírez reached on infield single to shortstop , Cooper scored on throwing error by left fielder Yastrzemski , Anderson to second , Anderson safe at third on throwing error by left fielder Yastrzem . Alfaro homered to center ( 438 feet ) , Anderson scored and Ramírez scored . Rojas grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 6th . Richards pitching for Marlins . Panik grounded out to third . Yastrzemski popped out to shortstop . Posey grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Vincent pitching for Giants . Richards walked . Holland pitching for Giants . Granderson walked , Richards to second . Cooper homered to center ( 414 feet ) , Richards scored and Granderson scored . Anderson grounded out to third . Walker lined out to third . Castro popped out to second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Richards pitching for Marlins . Belt flied out to left . Longoria flied out to center . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Vogt catching . Holland pitching for Giants . Ramírez reached on infield single to shortstop . Alfaro flied out to left . Rojas struck out swinging . Dean hit for Richards . Dean flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Marlins . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Duggar grounded out to shortstop . Sandoval hit for Holland . Sandoval walked . Panik singled to shallow left , Sandoval to second . Yastrzemski grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Herrera hit for Granderson . Coonrod pitching for Giants . Herrera homered to right ( 430 feet ) . Cooper grounded out to third . Anderson reached on infield single to second . Walker walked , Anderson to second . Castro grounded into double play , third to second to first , Walker out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Herrera in center field . Ramírez in left field . Hernandez pitching for Marlins . Vogt singled to shallow right . Belt doubled to right , Vogt to third . Longoria flied out to right . Pillar hit sacrifice fly to center , Vogt scored , Belt to third . Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop , Belt scored . Duggar popped out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 3 - Marlins 11 .	Marlins send Giants to 6th consecutive loss , 11 - 3