Cardinals - Top 1st . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Carpenter walked . Martínez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Carpenter out at second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Dean lined out to right . Cooper singled to center . Anderson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cooper out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Ozuna singled to left center . Wong grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ozuna out at second . Muñoz struck out swinging . Bader walked , Wong to second . Wieters grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Castro grounded out to pitcher . Ramírez singled to shallow left center . Riddle grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramírez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Wacha struck out looking . Carpenter grounded out to third . Martínez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Alfaro singled to left . Rojas walked , Alfaro to second . Alfaro picked off second . Alcantara struck out looking . Dean grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rojas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Ozuna doubled to left . Wong struck out swinging . Muñoz doubled to left , Ozuna scored . Bader walked . Wieters grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Cooper grounded out to shortstop . Anderson struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Wacha grounded out to third . Carpenter lined out to right . Martínez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Ramírez reached on infield single to third . Riddle grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ramírez out at second . Alfaro singled to right . Rojas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alfaro out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Goldschmidt singled to deep center . Ozuna walked , Goldschmidt to second . Wong sacrificed , Goldschmidt to home on throwing error by catcher Alfaro and Ozuna to home on throwing error by catcher Alfaro , Wong to third on throwing error by catcher Alfaro . Ramírez in center field . Brice pitching for Marlins . Granderson in right field . Muñoz grounded out to third . Bader hit sacrifice fly to center , Wong scored . Wieters lined out to center . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Granderson struck out looking . Dean safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Carpenter . Cooper grounded out to second , Dean to second . Anderson walked . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 7th . Fowler hit for Wacha . Brice pitching for Marlins . Fowler flied out to center . Carpenter grounded out to first . Martínez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Gallegos pitching for Cardinals . Fowler in right field . Ramírez doubled to deep center . Herrera hit for Brice . Herrera grounded out to first , Ramírez to third . Alfaro grounded out to second , Ramírez scored . Rojas grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Chen pitching for Marlins . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna grounded out to third . Wong struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Granderson flied out to center . Dean flied out to right . Cooper grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Chen pitching for Marlins . Muñoz grounded out to pitcher . Bader flied out to center . Wieters struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Hicks pitching for Cardinals . Anderson singled to right . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson out at second . Ramírez struck out swinging . Prado hit for Chen . Castro to second on fielder 's indifference . Prado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Marlins 1 .	Wacha pitches 6 shutout innings as Cardinals beat Miami 4 - 1