Cardinals - Top 1st . Yamamoto pitching for Marlins . Carpenter flied out to center . DeJong grounded out to pitcher . Goldschmidt flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Granderson flied out to left . Cooper tripled to right . Anderson singled to center , Cooper scored . Castro popped out to second . Ramírez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Yamamoto pitching for Marlins . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Molina lined out to center . Wong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Prado singled to center . Rojas singled to right , Prado to second . Holaday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rojas out at second , Prado to third . Holaday to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Yamamoto sacrificed to pitcher , Holaday to second . Miles Mikolas pitches to Jordan Yamamoto . Granderson walked . Cooper homered to left center ( 429 feet ) , Prado scored , Holaday scored and Granderson scored . Anderson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Yamamoto pitching for Marlins . Fowler flied out to center . Bader walked . Mikolas struck out swinging . Carpenter lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Castro struck out swinging . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Prado grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Granderson in right field . Anderson at third base . Dean in left field . Yamamoto pitching for Marlins . DeJong doubled to first . Goldschmidt singled to right , DeJong to third . Ozuna fouled out to left . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Rojas grounded out to second . Holaday reached on infield single to shortstop . Yamamoto struck out swinging . Granderson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Yamamoto pitching for Marlins . Wong singled to center . Fowler grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Wong out at second . Bader struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Cooper singled to right . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cooper safe at second on error by second baseman Wong . Castro singled to left , Anderson to second , Cooper to third . Ramírez grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Castro to second , Anderson to third , Cooper out at home . Dean grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Edman hit for Mikolas . Yamamoto pitching for Marlins . Edman struck out swinging . Carpenter struck out swinging . DeJong fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Helsley pitching for Cardinals . Rojas doubled to left . Holaday struck out swinging . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Rojas to third on balk . Yamamoto sacrificed to catcher , Rojas scored . Granderson flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Yamamoto pitching for Marlins . Goldschmidt popped out to second . Ozuna fouled out to catcher . Molina walked . Wong flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Cooper struck out swinging . Anderson singled to right . Castro popped out to second . Ramírez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Anderson pitching for Marlins . Fowler flied out to left . Bader popped out to second . Muñoz hit for Webb . Muñoz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Dean flied out to right . Rojas flied out to center . Holaday walked . Riddle hit for Anderson . Riddle doubled to deep right , Holaday to third . Granderson homered to right ( 366 feet ) , Holaday scored and Riddle scored . Cooper struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Granderson in left field . Ramírez in right field . Guerrero pitching for Marlins . Riddle in center field . Carpenter walked . DeJong grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Carpenter out at second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 0 - Marlins 9 .	Yamamoto dazzles in debut as Marlins beat Cardinals 9 - 0