Pirates - Top 1st . Richards pitching for Marlins . Newman grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds singled to left . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reynolds out at second . Bell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Brault pitching for Pirates . Dean struck out looking . Cooper singled to right . Anderson grounded out to first , Anderson out at first , Cooper to second . Castro reached on infield single to pitcher , Cooper to third . Ramírez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Richards pitching for Marlins . Moran grounded out to first . Dickerson reached on infield single to catcher . Díaz grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Dickerson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Brault pitching for Pirates . Alfaro singled to right . Rivera grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Alfaro out at second . Rojas singled to center . Richards struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Richards pitching for Marlins . Frazier singled to shallow center . Brault sacrificed to pitcher , Frazier to second . Newman fouled out to first . Reynolds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Brault pitching for Pirates . Dean struck out swinging . Cooper grounded out to catcher . Anderson hit by pitch . Castro singled to right , Anderson to second . Ramírez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Moran , Castro to second , Anderson to third . Alfaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 4th . Richards pitching for Marlins . Marte reached on infield single to catcher , Marte safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Richards . Bell grounded out to second , Marte to third . Moran singled to center , Marte scored . Dickerson reached on infield single to first , Moran to second , Moran safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Castro . Díaz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dickerson out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Brault pitching for Pirates . Rivera flied out to right . Rojas grounded out to shortstop . Richards reached on infield single to shortstop . Dean singled to left , Richards to second . Cooper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Richards pitching for Marlins . Frazier flied out to center . Brault doubled to left . Newman doubled to left , Brault scored . Reynolds singled to left , Newman to third . Marte hit sacrifice fly to right , Newman scored . Bell tripled to right , Reynolds scored . Moran singled to left , Bell scored . Dickerson lined out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Brault pitching for Pirates . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Castro flied out to left . Ramírez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Díaz flied out to right . Frazier struck out swinging . Brault singled to left . Newman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Brault pitching for Pirates . Alfaro grounded out to shortstop . Rivera reached on infield single to third . Rojas grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rivera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Brigham pitching for Marlins . Reynolds doubled to deep left . Marte lined out to right , Reynolds to third . Bell intentionally walked . Moran homered to left center ( 391 feet ) , Reynolds scored and Bell scored . Dickerson grounded out to pitcher . Díaz lined out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Riddle hit for Brigham . Riddle fouled out to third . Dean struck out swinging . Cooper struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Dean at first base . García pitching for Marlins . Ramírez in left field . Riddle in center field . Frazier tripled to deep center . Osuna hit for Feliz . Osuna homered to left center ( 400 feet ) , Frazier scored . Newman grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds singled to center . Marte singled to center , Reynolds to second . Marte to second on wild pitch by García , Reynolds to third on wild pitch by García . Bell hit sacrifice fly to center , Reynolds scored . Moran flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Holmes pitching for Pirates . Osuna at first base . Anderson walked . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson out at second . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Castro out at second . Alfaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Rivera at shortstop . Herrera at third base . Garcia pitching for Marlins . Dickerson struck out swinging . Díaz flied out to right . Frazier lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Rodríguez pitching for Pirates . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Herrera grounded out to second . Riddle singled to right . Dean popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 11 - Marlins 0 .	Pirates rout Marlins 11 - 0 to stop 7 - game slide