Pirates - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Newman popped out to second . Reynolds singled to right center . Marte struck out swinging , Reynolds caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Agrazal pitching for Pirates . Granderson grounded out to second . Cooper singled to right . Anderson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cooper out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Bell grounded out to second . Moran grounded out to second . Dickerson popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Agrazal pitching for Pirates . Castro struck out looking . Ramírez singled to deep right . Riddle flied out to left . Ramírez stole second . Alfaro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Díaz doubled to deep center . Frazier grounded out to first , Díaz to third . Agrazal grounded out to pitcher . Newman reached on infield single to catcher , Díaz scored . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Newman out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Agrazal pitching for Pirates . Rojas grounded out to third . López grounded out to shortstop . Granderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Marte doubled to left . Bell reached on infield single to shortstop , Marte scored , Bell to second . Moran grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bell out at third . Moran to second on passed ball by Alfaro . Dickerson doubled to deep left center , Moran scored . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . Frazier intentionally walked . Frazier to second on wild pitch by López , Dickerson to third on wild pitch by López . Agrazal grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Agrazal pitching for Pirates . Cooper singled to right . Anderson hit by pitch , Cooper to second . Castro flied out to right . Ramírez reached on infield single to shortstop , Cooper scored , Anderson to second . Riddle grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Anderson scored , Ramírez to second , Ramírez safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Frazier . Alfaro singled to shallow right , Ramírez scored , Riddle to second . Rojas reached on infield single to third , Alfaro to second , Riddle to third . López struck out swinging . Granderson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Newman grounded out to third . Reynolds grounded out to catcher . Marte grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Hartlieb pitching for Pirates . Cooper reached on infield single to second . Anderson doubled to right , Cooper to third . Castro grounded out to third , Cooper scored . Ramírez singled to center , Ramírez to second , Anderson thrown out at home . Riddle grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Bell doubled to deep left . Moran lined into double play , second to shortstop , Bell doubled off second . Dickerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Hartlieb pitching for Pirates . Alfaro grounded out to second . Rojas walked . López struck out bunting foul . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Díaz grounded out to third . Frazier struck out swinging . Polanco hit for Hartlieb . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Cooper flied out to center . Anderson fouled out to right . Castro singled to center . Ramírez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Anderson pitching for Marlins . Newman struck out swinging . Reynolds walked . Marte struck out swinging . Bell fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Dean hit for Riddle . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Dean struck out swinging . Alfaro hit by pitch . Rojas flied out to right . Herrera hit for Anderson . Herrera walked , Alfaro to second . Granderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Romo pitching for Marlins . Herrera in center field . Moran grounded out to catcher . Dickerson singled to left . Cabrera hit for Díaz . Cabrera grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Dickerson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 3 - Marlins 4 .	Lopez pitches 7 innings , Marlins win 4 - 3 over Pirates