Athletics - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Buck grounded out to second . Ellis walked . Barton flied out to left . Sweeney lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Sizemore grounded out to first . Cabrera struck out swinging . Hafner grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Cust walked . Crosby grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cust out at second . Hannahan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Martinez grounded out to catcher . Peralta struck out swinging . Garko grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Suzuki walked . Sweeney grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . Buck walked . Ellis doubled to left , Buck to third . Barton singled to left center , Buck and Ellis scored . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Barton out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Gutierrez doubled to deep left center . Michaels grounded out to second , Gutierrez to third . Blake grounded out to second , Gutierrez scored . Sizemore hit by pitch . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sizemore out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Cust walked . Crosby popped out to second . Hannahan walked , Cust to second . Suzuki walked , Cust to third , Hannahan to second . Denorfia hit for Sweeney . Denorfia walked , Cust scored , Hannahan to third , Suzuki to second . Lewis pitching for Indians . Buck struck out swinging . Ellis popped out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Denorfia in center field . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Hafner grounded out to second . Martinez grounded out to first . Peralta safe at first on error by third baseman Hannahan . Garko singled to right , Peralta to third . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Barton grounded out to first . Sweeney doubled to left . Cust struck out swinging . Crosby grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Michaels singled to right center . Blake grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Michaels out at second . Sizemore singled to left . Sizemore stole second . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Hannahan grounded out to second . Suzuki flied out to right . Denorfia singled to left . Buck walked , Denorfia to second . Ellis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Hafner singled to center . Martinez singled to left center , Hafner to second . Devine pitching for Athletics . Peralta struck out swinging . Garko walked , Hafner to third , Martinez to second . Gutierrez flied out to right . Dellucci hit for Michaels . Dellucci walked , Hafner scored , Martinez to third , Garko to second . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dellucci out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Dellucci in left field . Perez pitching for Indians . Barton walked . Sweeney singled to right center , Barton to third . Brown hit for Cust . Brown singled to center , Barton scored , Sweeney to second . Crosby homered to left , Sweeney and Brown scored . Hannahan grounded out to second . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Brown in left field . Embree pitching for Athletics . Sizemore grounded out to first . Cabrera struck out swinging . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Buck grounded out to third . Ellis flied out to center . Barton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Brown pitching for Athletics . Martinez flied out to center . Peralta flied out to right . Garko doubled to deep right . Gutierrez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Borowski pitching for Indians . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . Brown struck out looking . Crosby fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Brown pitching for Athletics . Dellucci reached on infield single to shortstop , Dellucci to second on throwing error by shortstop Crosby . Blake flied out to center , Dellucci to third . Sizemore hit sacrifice fly to center , Dellucci scored . Cabrera grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Athletics 7 - Indians 3 .	A 's use patient eye to knock off Carmona , Indians