Mariners - Top 1st . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Suzuki singled to left center . Suzuki to second on passed ball by Suzuki . Lopez grounded out to first , Suzuki to third . Ibanez singled to right , Suzuki scored . Beltre doubled to deep right , Ibanez to third . Vidro doubled to left center , Ibanez and Beltre scored . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . Wilkerson grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Buck popped out to shortstop . Ellis singled to left . Barton singled to center , Ellis to second . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Barton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Johjima singled to right . Betancourt popped out to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johjima out at second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Cust struck out swinging . Crosby doubled to deep right . Sweeney struck out swinging . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop , Crosby scored , Suzuki to second on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt . Hannahan struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Ibanez singled to right . Beltre doubled to left , Ibanez scored , Beltre to third on error by third baseman Hannahan . Vidro flied out to left . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltre out at home . Wilkerson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Buck grounded out to third . Ellis lined out to third . Barton lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Johjima grounded out to third . Betancourt singled to shallow left . Betancourt caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Sweeney grounded out to third . Cust walked . Crosby grounded out to third , Cust to second . Sweeney grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Lopez flied out to center . Ibanez grounded out to second . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Suzuki flied out to center . Hannahan flied out to center . Buck struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Vidro grounded out to pitcher . Sexson singled to center . Wilkerson fouled out to catcher . Johjima singled to left , Sexson to second . Betancourt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Ellis struck out looking . Barton grounded out to second . Sweeney grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Suzuki struck out looking . Lopez flied out to right . Ibanez singled to center . Beltre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Cust singled to left . Crosby struck out swinging . Sweeney popped out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Vidro reached on infield single to shortstop . Sexson struck out swinging . Wilkerson flied out to left . Johjima grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Cairo at first base . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hannahan singled to center . Buck singled to left , Hannahan to second . Ellis grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Buck out at second , Hannahan to third . Barton singled to shallow left , Hannahan scored . Sweeney struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Brown pitching for Athletics . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to second . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Cust struck out looking . Crosby flied out to left . Sweeney grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 4 - Athletics 2 .	King Felix throws compete victory