Rangers - Top 1st . Gallagher pitching for Athletics . Kinsler fouled out to first . Young struck out looking . Hamilton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Sweeney flied out to center . Suzuki doubled to deep left . Cust struck out swinging . Brown walked . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Gallagher pitching for Athletics . Bradley singled to center . Blalock struck out swinging . Byrd singled to right center , Bradley to second . Murphy flied out to center . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Ellis struck out looking . Crosby struck out looking . Hannahan walked . Conrad flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Gallagher pitching for Athletics . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first . Kinsler singled to right center . Young singled to center , Kinsler to second . Hamilton flied out to center . Bradley walked , Kinsler to third , Young to second . Blalock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Sweeney doubled to deep left . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop , Sweeney to third . Cust walked , Suzuki to second . Brown struck out looking . Gonzalez singled to left , Sweeney scored , Suzuki to third , Cust to second . Ellis fouled out to third . Crosby walked , Suzuki scored , Cust to third , Gonzalez to second . Hannahan singled to right center , Cust and Gonzalez scored , Crosby to third . Conrad singled to left , Crosby scored , Hannahan to second . Sweeney singled to left , Hannahan thrown out at home , Conrad to second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Gallagher pitching for Athletics . Byrd safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Conrad . Murphy homered to center , Byrd scored . Davis singled to left center . Saltalamacchia walked , Davis to second . Kinsler sacrificed to pitcher , Davis to third , Saltalamacchia to second . Young hit sacrifice fly to right , Davis scored , Saltalamacchia to third . Hamilton homered to right , Saltalamacchia scored . Bradley walked . Blalock lined out to left . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Suzuki struck out looking . Cust struck out looking . Brown flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Gallagher pitching for Athletics . Byrd fouled out to first . Murphy walked . Davis struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez lined out to right . Ellis flied out to left . Crosby struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Gallagher pitching for Athletics . Kinsler grounded out to pitcher . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Hamilton doubled to right , Young to third . Bradley intentionally walked . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Blalock struck out swinging . Byrd grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Hannahan flied out to left . Conrad struck out swinging . Sweeney struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Murphy flied out to left . Davis doubled to deep left . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Kinsler singled to right , Davis scored . Young flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Suzuki flied out to right . Cust struck out swinging . Brown grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Hamilton grounded out to pitcher . Bradley lined out to left . Blalock grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Guardado pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez walked . Ellis struck out swinging . Crosby grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Embree pitching for Athletics . Byrd grounded out to second . Murphy reached on infield single to first . Davis homered to right , Murphy scored . Saltalamacchia singled to center . Kinsler walked , Saltalamacchia to second . Brown pitching for Athletics . Young hit ground rule double to deep center , Saltalamacchia scored , Kinsler to third . Hamilton intentionally walked . Kinsler scored , Young to third , Hamilton to second on passed ball by Suzuki . Bradley walked . Blalock singled to center , Young and Hamilton scored , Bradley to second . Byrd doubled to deep right center , Bradley scored , Blalock to third . Murphy grounded out to first , Blalock scored , Byrd to third . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 8 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Wright pitching for Rangers . Hannahan doubled to deep left . Conrad singled to right center , Hannahan scored . Murton hit for Sweeney . Murton popped out to shortstop . Bowen hit for Suzuki . Bowen hit by pitch , Conrad to second . Cust struck out swinging . Brown grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 14 - Athletics 6 .	Hamilton hits 100 RBI mark in Rangers ' rout of A 's