Athletics - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Davis reached on infield single to second . Davis stole second . Crosby grounded out to shortstop . Brown singled to right , Davis scored , Brown out stretching at second . Thomas singled to center . Suzuki walked , Thomas to second . Cust struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Matthews struck out swinging . Kendrick struck out swinging . Teixeira doubled to left . Guerrero flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Barton singled to center . Pennington flied out to center . Barton stole second . Patterson singled to center , Barton scored . Davis singled to right , Patterson to second . Crosby doubled to deep left center , Patterson and Davis scored . Brown homered to center , Crosby scored . Loux pitching for Angels . Thomas singled to center . Suzuki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Thomas out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Hunter walked . Anderson flied out to center . Napoli walked , Hunter to second . Quinlan walked , Hunter to third , Napoli to second . Aybar struck out looking . Matthews grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Quinlan out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Loux pitching for Angels . Cust walked . Barton singled to center , Cust to second . Pennington grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Barton out at second , Cust to third . Patterson lined into double play , pitcher to first , Pennington out at first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Kendrick grounded out to second . Teixeira walked . Guerrero flied out to left . Hunter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Loux pitching for Angels . Davis grounded out to second . Crosby lined out to second . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Anderson tripled to deep right . Napoli walked . Quinlan hit by pitch , Napoli to second . Aybar singled to center , Anderson and Napoli scored , Quinlan to second . Embree pitching for Athletics . Matthews walked , Quinlan to third , Aybar to second . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Quinlan scored , Matthews out at second , Aybar to third . Teixeira singled to center , Aybar scored , Kendrick to second . Rodriguez ran for Kendrick . Guerrero flied out to center . Rodriguez stole third . Hunter struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Rodriguez at second base . Loux pitching for Angels . Thomas singled to left . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Thomas out at second . Oliver pitching for Angels . Cust grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Embree pitching for Athletics . Anderson popped out to second . Napoli walked . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Quinlan singled to right , Napoli to second . Aybar singled to left , Napoli scored , Quinlan to second . Matthews grounded out to first , Quinlan to third , Aybar to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Barton popped out to first . Pennington grounded out to shortstop . Patterson reached on bunt single to second . Patterson stole second . Davis reached on infield single to second , Patterson to third . Crosby walked , Davis to second . Brown popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Teixeira singled to left center . Guerrero singled to center , Teixeira to second . Hunter struck out swinging . Anderson flied out to center . Street pitching for Athletics . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Thomas walked . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Ellis ran for Thomas . Suzuki fouled out to left . Cust struck out swinging . Barton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Brown in left field . Gonzalez in right field . Street pitching for Athletics . Quinlan struck out swinging . Aybar struck out swinging . Matthews fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Pennington struck out swinging . Patterson struck out swinging . Davis singled to left . Davis stole second . Crosby flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Street pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez fouled out to second . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Teixeira grounded out to first . Guerrero doubled to deep right . Hunter grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Speier pitching for Angels . Rodriguez at shortstop . Rivera at second base . Brown fouled out to first . Hannahan hit for Ellis . Hannahan struck out swinging . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Anderson safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Crosby . Willits hit for Napoli . Willits sacrificed to first , Anderson to second . Quinlan walked . Rivera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Quinlan out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Athletics 6 - Angels 5 .	Athletics jump out to fast lead , hold on vs. Angels