Athletics - Top 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Davis struck out swinging . Barton grounded out to first . Brown flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Granderson grounded out to second . Polanco grounded out to third . Ordonez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Sweeney grounded out to first . Suzuki grounded out to third . Crosby grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Cabrera walked . Sheffield singled to center , Cabrera to second . Thames singled to center , Cabrera to third , Sheffield to second . Renteria singled to center , Cabrera and Sheffield scored , Thames to second . Inge lined into double play , second to shortstop , Thames doubled off second . Ryan doubled to center , Renteria to third . Granderson flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Cunningham grounded out to first . Baisley struck out swinging . Pennington singled to right center . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez grounded out to third . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Barton grounded out to first . Brown singled to right . Sweeney lined out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brown out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Sheffield grounded out to second . Thames grounded out to shortstop . Renteria flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Crosby struck out swinging . Cunningham flied out to center . Baisley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Inge singled to left . Ryan singled to left center , Inge to second . Granderson popped out to shortstop . Polanco singled to left , Inge to third , Ryan to second . Ordonez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Pennington lined out to shortstop . Davis tripled to deep right . Barton grounded out to second , Davis scored . Brown flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Cabrera walked . Sheffield struck out swinging . Thames grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Joyce in left field . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Sweeney fouled out to third . Suzuki struck out swinging . Crosby singled to right . Cunningham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Devine pitching for Athletics . Renteria lined out to center . Inge struck out swinging . Ryan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Seay pitching for Tigers . Baisley walked . Patterson ran for Baisley . Pennington struck out looking , Patterson stole second . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Davis tripled to deep center , Patterson scored . Barton intentionally walked . Brown hit sacrifice fly to center , Davis scored . Sweeney singled to right , Barton to third . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Hannahan at third base . Street pitching for Athletics . Granderson lined out to right . Polanco doubled to deep left . Ordonez walked . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Polanco to third , Ordonez to second . Sheffield intentionally walked . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Joyce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Dolsi pitching for Tigers . Crosby struck out looking . Cunningham reached on infield single to second . Hannahan flied out to center . Pennington singled to deep right center , Cunningham to third . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Renteria struck out swinging . Inge singled to right . Larish hit for Ryan . Larish singled to left , Inge to second . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Larish out at second , Inge to third . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 3 - Tigers 2 .	Brown caps A 's late rally , ends Tigers ' win streak