Mariners - Top 1st . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt flied out to right . Ibanez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Silva pitching for Mariners . Buck struck out looking . Cunningham struck out looking . Sweeney lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Lopez flied out to right . Reed fouled out to third . Cairo singled to center . LaHair homered to right , Cairo scored . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Silva pitching for Mariners . Cust walked . Crosby singled to center , Cust to second . Pennington sacrificed to pitcher , Cust to third , Crosby to second . Hannahan struck out looking . Baisley singled to center , Cust and Crosby scored . Bowen flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Valbuena doubled to right . Suzuki reached on infield single to second , Valbuena to third . Betancourt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Valbuena scored , Suzuki out at second . Ibanez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Silva pitching for Mariners . Buck flied out to left . Cunningham grounded out to third . Sweeney flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Lopez flied out to left . Reed reached on infield single to second . Cairo singled to left , Reed to third , Cairo to second advancing on throw . LaHair intentionally walked . Johjima singled to deep left , Reed and Cairo scored , LaHair to second . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Valbuena walked , LaHair to third , Johjima to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LaHair out at home , Johjima to third , Valbuena to second . Betancourt struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Cust walked . Crosby safe at first on error by pitcher Silva , Cust to second . Pennington struck out swinging . Hannahan singled to center , Cust to third , Crosby to second . Baisley singled to left , Cust and Crosby scored , Hannahan to second . Jimenez pitching for Mariners . Bowen grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Baisley out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 5th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Ibanez flied out to center . Lopez singled to left . Reed fouled out to first . Lopez caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Cairo batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Jimenez pitching for Mariners . Buck hit by pitch . Cunningham struck out swinging . Sweeney struck out swinging . Cust grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Embree pitching for Athletics . Cairo grounded out to second . LaHair walked . Johjima homered to left , LaHair scored . Valbuena bunt grounded out to pitcher . Suzuki grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Jimenez pitching for Mariners . Crosby reached on infield single to shortstop . Pennington singled to center , Crosby to second . Hannahan struck out swinging . Corcoran pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez hit for Baisley . Gonzalez singled to center , Crosby scored , Pennington to second . Bowen doubled to left , Pennington and Gonzalez scored , Bowen to third on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt . Buck grounded out to second . Cunningham walked . Thomas pitching for Mariners . Sweeney popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . Buck in left field . Barton at first base . Sweeney in right field . Gonzalez in center field . Street pitching for Athletics . Betancourt struck out swinging . Ibanez fouled out to third . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Thomas pitching for Mariners . Cust singled to center . Crosby popped out to second . Cust to second on wild pitch by Thomas . Pennington struck out swinging . Hannahan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Barton at third base . Suzuki catching . Bowen at first base . Street pitching for Athletics . Reed singled to left . Cairo flied out to center . LaHair walked , Reed to second . Johjima grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , LaHair out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Thomas pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez singled to center . Bowen sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Buck singled to left , Gonzalez to third . Barton singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Buck to third . Batista pitching for Mariners . Sweeney popped out to shortstop . Barton stole second . Cust walked . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cust out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Valbuena doubled to right , Valbuena out stretching at third . Suzuki walked . Betancourt grounded into double play , third to second to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 7 - Athletics 8 .	Barton comes up big in field , at plate for Athletics