Pirates - Top 1st. Chico pitching for Nationals. McLouth grounded out to first. Gomez doubled to center. Sanchez struck out swinging, Gomez to third on wild pitch by Chico. Bay walked. Nady hit by pitch, Bay to second. LaRoche grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Lopez singled to right center. Guzman homered to left center, Lopez scored. Zimmerman flied out to right. Milledge struck out swinging. Kearns singled to center. Boone singled to right, Kearns to third, Boone out stretching at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Chico pitching for Nationals. Bautista doubled to deep right, Bautista to third on error by right fielder Kearns. Paulino grounded out to shortstop, Bautista scored. Maholm grounded out to third. McLouth flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Lo Duca singled to left center. Pena struck out swinging. Chico singled to right, Lo Duca to third. Lopez walked, Chico to second. Guzman singled to left, Lo Duca scored, Chico to third, Lopez to second. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to first, Chico scored, Guzman out at second, Lopez to third. Milledge singled to right center, Lopez scored, Zimmerman to second. Kearns walked, Zimmerman to third, Milledge to second. Boone grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kearns out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Chico pitching for Nationals. Gomez walked. Sanchez flied out to center. Bay walked, Gomez to second. Nady struck out swinging. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Lo Duca flied out to center. Pena singled to right. Chico sacrificed to catcher, Pena to second. Lopez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Chico pitching for Nationals. Bautista homered to center. Paulino struck out looking. Maholm singled to left. McLouth grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Maholm out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Milledge flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Chico pitching for Nationals. Gomez flied out to right. Sanchez singled to center. Bay doubled to deep right, Sanchez to third. Nady reached on infield single to shortstop, Sanchez scored. LaRoche singled to center, Bay scored, Nady to third. Colome pitching for Nationals. Bautista singled to left, Nady scored, LaRoche to second. Paulino grounded out to third, LaRoche to third, Bautista to second. Maholm grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Kearns lined out to right. Boone safe at first on error by shortstop Gomez. Lo Duca grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Boone out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 6th. Colome pitching for Nationals. McLouth struck out swinging. Gomez popped out to second. Sanchez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Pena reached on infield single to catcher. Belliard hit for Colome. Belliard walked, Pena to second. Osoria pitching for Pirates. Lopez singled to deep right, Pena to third, Belliard to second. Guzman doubled to deep center, Pena, Belliard and Lopez scored. Zimmerman flied out to center. Milledge flied out to right, Guzman to third. Kearns singled to left center, Guzman scored. Boone struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Bay singled to center. Nady singled to right, Bay to second. LaRoche singled to right, Bay to third, Nady to second. Bautista hit sacrifice fly to right, Bay scored, Nady to third. Paulino struck out looking. Mientkiewicz hit for Osoria. Mientkiewicz grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Lo Duca walked. Pena grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lo Duca out at second. Mackowiak hit for Rivera. Mackowiak struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Harris in left field. Ayala pitching for Nationals. McLouth walked. Gomez struck out swinging. Sanchez singled to center, McLouth to second. Bay struck out looking. Nady doubled to deep right, McLouth and Sanchez scored. LaRoche grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Lopez flied out to left. Guzman singled to left. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Guzman safe at second on error by shortstop Gomez. Yates pitching for Pirates. Milledge flied out to center, Guzman to third, Zimmerman to second. Kearns walked. Boone lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 9th. Bautista popped out to first. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Paulino walked. Morgan ran for Paulino. Doumit hit for Yates. Morgan stole second. Doumit flied out to center. McLouth grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 8 - Nationals 9.	\nGuzman's six RBIs help Nats dump Pirates