Nationals - Top 1st. Backe pitching for Astros. Harris walked. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Harris out at second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Johnson doubled to deep right center, Guzman scored. Kearns flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Bourn walked. Matsui struck out swinging, Bourn stole second. Tejada flied out to center. Berkman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Backe pitching for Astros. Belliard flied out to right. Mackowiak singled to center. Nieves grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mackowiak out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Pence struck out looking. Wigginton doubled to left. Towles grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Backe pitching for Astros. Lannan struck out looking. Harris homered to right. Guzman struck out swinging. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Backe grounded out to shortstop. Bourn flied out to center. Matsui grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Backe pitching for Astros. Johnson walked. Kearns struck out swinging. Belliard struck out swinging. Mackowiak struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Tejada singled to right. Berkman reached on infield single to shortstop, Tejada to second. Lee flied out to center, Tejada to third, Berkman to second. Pence reached on infield single to shortstop, Tejada scored. Wigginton flied out to right. Towles grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Backe pitching for Astros. Nieves struck out swinging. Lannan grounded out to third. Harris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Backe singled to center. Bourn struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to third, Backe to second. Tejada grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Backe pitching for Astros. Guzman singled to right. Zimmerman singled to center, Guzman to third. Johnson walked, Zimmerman to second. Kearns singled to center, Guzman and Zimmerman scored, Johnson to second. Belliard flied out to left. Mackowiak flied out to left. Nieves grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kearns out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Berkman singled to left. Lee singled to left, Berkman to second. Pence grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lee out at second, Berkman to third. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Byrdak pitching for Astros. Boone hit for Lannan. Boone doubled to left. Harris popped out to shortstop. Guzman lined into double play, pitcher to second, Boone out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Towles popped out to first. Erstad hit for Byrdak. Erstad flied out to left. Bourn singled to right. Bourn stole second. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Villarreal pitching for Astros. Zimmerman singled to center, Zimmerman to second on throwing error by center fielder Bourn. Johnson grounded out to second, Zimmerman to third. Zimmerman scored on Villarreal's wild pitch. Kearns walked. Belliard struck out swinging. Mackowiak homered to left, Kearns scored. Nieves singled to right. Pena hit for Rivera. Pena walked, Nieves to second. Harris struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 8th. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop. Berkman walked, Tejada to second. Lee singled to left, Tejada scored, Berkman to second. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lee out at second, Berkman to third. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Berkman scored, Pence out at second. Cruz Jr hit for Towles. Cruz Jr struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Wright pitching for Astros. Ausmus catching. Guzman singled to shallow left center. Zimmerman singled to deep right center, Guzman to third. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guzman scored, Zimmerman out at second. Kearns flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Ausmus grounded out to shortstop. Bourn struck out swinging. Matsui popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 8 - Astros 3.	Nationals stop Astros' streak