Cardinals - Top 1st. Redding pitching for Nationals. Schumaker safe at first on error by shortstop Guzman. Miles singled to left, Schumaker to second. Kennedy flied out to center, Schumaker to third, Miles to second. Ludwick struck out swinging. Glaus grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Parisi pitching for Cardinals. Guzman singled to right. Dukes tripled to deep center, Guzman scored. Milledge popped out to shortstop. Boone hit sacrifice fly to center, Dukes scored. Casto singled to center. Lopez walked, Casto to second. Casto to third, Lopez to second on wild pitch by Parisi. Langerhans walked. Nieves grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Mather grounded out to third. LaRue flied out to center. Parisi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Parisi pitching for Cardinals. Redding grounded out to third. Guzman struck out swinging. Dukes safe at second on error by center fielder Schumaker. Milledge walked. Boone singled to center, Dukes scored, Milledge to second. Casto doubled to deep right, Milledge and Boone scored. Lopez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Izturis grounded out to pitcher. Schumaker grounded out to second. Miles lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Parisi pitching for Cardinals. Langerhans flied out to left. Nieves singled to left. Redding sacrificed to pitcher, Nieves to second. Guzman doubled to deep center, Nieves scored. Dukes singled to right, Guzman scored, Dukes to second advancing on throw. Milledge grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Kennedy singled to left. Ludwick flied out to right. Kennedy out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Glaus homered to center. Mather singled to left. LaRue singled to center, Mather to second. Parisi doubled to deep right, Mather and LaRue scored. Izturis lined out to left. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Parisi pitching for Cardinals. Boone doubled to deep left. Casto flied out to center. Lopez walked. Langerhans singled to center, Boone scored, Lopez to second. Nieves flied out to left. Redding flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Schumaker singled to right. Miles flied out to right. Kennedy grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Schumaker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Worrell pitching for Cardinals. Guzman struck out swinging. Dukes singled to center. Milledge grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dukes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Ludwick popped out to second. Glaus walked. Mather grounded into fielder's choice to third, Glaus out at second. LaRue singled to left, Mather to second. Mather to third on wild pitch by Redding. Worrell homered to left, Mather and LaRue scored. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Izturis grounded out to second. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Izturis grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Worrell pitching for Cardinals. Boone doubled to deep center. Casto walked. Lopez sacrificed to pitcher, Boone to third, Casto to second. Langerhans intentionally walked. Nieves flied out to right. Harris hit for Rivera. Harris popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Manning pitching for Nationals. Schumaker walked. Miles popped out to shortstop. Kennedy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schumaker out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Guzman singled to center. Dukes struck out looking. Milledge grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guzman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Ludwick flied out to right. Glaus flied out to right. Mather flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Villone pitching for Cardinals. Boone popped out to second. Casto singled to right. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Casto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. LaRue grounded out to catcher. Ryan hit for Villone. Ryan doubled to deep right. Pujols hit for Izturis. Pujols struck out looking. Schumaker tripled to center, Ryan scored. Miles reached on infield single to shortstop, Schumaker scored. Kennedy grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Ryan at shortstop. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Langerhans grounded out to second. Nieves grounded out to first. Young hit for Rauch. Young flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 10th. Sanches pitching for Nationals. Ludwick grounded out to third. Glaus flied out to right. Mather homered to left. LaRue flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 10th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Guzman singled to center. Dukes homered to center, Guzman scored. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 9 - Nationals 10.	Dukes' walk-off HR lifts Nats in nightcap