Nationals - Top 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Dukes hit by pitch. Milledge reached on infield single to pitcher, Dukes to second. Young walked, Dukes to third, Milledge to second. Flores grounded out to third, Dukes scored, Milledge to third, Young to second. Belliard lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Redding pitching for Nationals. Suzuki flied out to right. Lopez popped out to shortstop. Ibanez singled to right. Beltre singled to right, Ibanez to second. Vidro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Boone fouled out to first. Lopez doubled to right. Pena grounded out to second. Guzman popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Johjima grounded out to second. Reed walked. Cairo walked, Reed to second. Bloomquist lined out to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Dukes singled to left. Milledge bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Dukes out at second. Young flied out to right. Milledge stole second. Flores popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Lopez safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Lopez, Lopez to second on throwing error by second baseman Lopez. Ibanez flied out to right, Lopez to third. Beltre grounded out to second. Vidro safe at second on error by right fielder Dukes, Lopez scored. Johjima flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 3 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Belliard lined out to shortstop. Boone doubled to right. Lopez walked. Pena grounded into double play, third to first, Boone out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Reed struck out looking. Cairo grounded out to second. Bloomquist singled to center. Bloomquist stole second. Suzuki singled to right, Bloomquist scored advancing on play. Suzuki out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Guzman singled to left. Dukes struck out looking. Guzman caught stealing second, catcher to second. Milledge singled to left center. Young grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Lopez grounded out to third. Ibanez flied out to left. Beltre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Flores popped out to shortstop. Belliard doubled to deep right. Boone grounded out to third. Lopez walked. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Vidro grounded out to first. Johjima singled to shallow center. Johjima to second on wild pitch by Redding. Reed popped out to pitcher. Cairo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Guzman doubled to deep left. Dukes walked. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Milledge reached on infield single to pitcher, Guzman to third, Dukes to second. Young flied out to left. Flores grounded out to shortstop, Guzman scored, Dukes to third, Milledge to second. Belliard struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Colome pitching for Nationals. Bloomquist grounded out to second. Suzuki grounded out to second. Lopez singled to left center. Ibanez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Boone doubled to deep left. Lopez sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Boone to third. Casto hit for Pena. Casto homered to right, Boone and Lopez scored. Guzman lined out to left. Dukes singled to left. Dukes stole second, Dukes safe at third on throwing error by catcher Johjima. Milledge hit sacrifice fly to left, Dukes scored. Young fouled out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Casto in left field. Colome pitching for Nationals. Beltre struck out swinging. Vidro flied out to left. Johjima grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Flores grounded out to shortstop. Boone grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Reed singled to right. Cairo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reed out at second. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to right, Cairo to second. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suzuki out at second, Cairo to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 6 - Mariners 2.	Casto's pinch-hit homer lets Nats sweep Mariners