Nationals - Top 1st. Slowey pitching for Twins. Guzman singled to left center. Dukes lined out to right. Milledge hit by pitch, Guzman to second. Young flied out to left. Flores grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Milledge out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Gomez reached on bunt single to third, Gomez to second on throwing error by third baseman Boone. Casilla sacrificed to pitcher, Gomez to third. Mauer walked. Morneau hit sacrifice fly to center, Gomez scored. Cuddyer flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 2nd. Slowey pitching for Twins. Boone grounded out to third. Lopez struck out swinging. Lo Duca fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Kubel singled to right. Young flied out to left. Buscher singled to right, Kubel to third. Harris doubled to deep right center, Kubel scored, Buscher to third, Buscher scored on error by center fielder Milledge. Gomez struck out swinging. Casilla walked. Mauer flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 3rd. Slowey pitching for Twins. Casto struck out swinging. Guzman grounded out to second. Dukes singled to center. Dukes picked off first. Milledge batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Morneau flied out to center. Cuddyer fouled out to catcher. Kubel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Slowey pitching for Twins. Milledge grounded out to first. Young singled to right. Flores grounded into fielder's choice to second, Young out at second. Boone flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Young grounded out to second. Buscher safe at first on error by first baseman Lo Duca. Harris flied out to center. Gomez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Slowey pitching for Twins. Lopez homered to right. Lo Duca struck out swinging. Casto flied out to center. Guzman singled to right. Dukes singled to center, Guzman to third. Milledge grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Casilla lined out to first. Mauer singled to center. Morneau flied out to center. Cuddyer popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Slowey pitching for Twins. Young walked. Flores struck out swinging. Boone singled to left center, Young to second. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Boone out at second, Young to third. Lo Duca fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Kubel grounded out to second. Young walked. Buscher flied out to right. Harris popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Slowey pitching for Twins. Casto walked. Crain pitching for Twins. Guzman hit by pitch, Casto to second. Dukes struck out swinging. Milledge struck out swinging. Young walked, Casto to third, Guzman to second. Flores popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Gomez reached on bunt single to pitcher. Casilla grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gomez out at second. Mauer singled to right, Casilla to third. Morneau singled to left center, Casilla scored, Mauer to second. Cuddyer walked, Mauer to third, Morneau to second. Kubel hit sacrifice fly to left, Mauer scored. Young walked, Morneau to third, Cuddyer to second. Colome pitching for Nationals. Buscher struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Bass pitching for Twins. Boone singled to center. Lopez singled to center, Boone to second. Lo Duca grounded into double play, third to second to first, Boone out at third, Lopez to second. Casto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Colome pitching for Nationals. Harris tripled to deep left. Gomez singled to center, Harris scored. Casilla fouled out to third. Mauer grounded out to first, Gomez to second. Morneau singled to right center, Gomez scored. Morneau to second on wild pitch by Colome. Cuddyer walked. Kubel walked, Morneau to third, Cuddyer to second. Sanches pitching for Nationals. Young doubled to deep right, Morneau and Cuddyer scored, Kubel to third. Buscher singled to center, Kubel and Young scored. Harris struck out looking. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Macri at third base. Buscher at first base. Bonser pitching for Twins. Guzman reached on infield single to second. Dukes singled to right center, Guzman to third, Dukes to second advancing on throw. Milledge safe at first on error by shortstop Harris, Guzman scored, Dukes to third. Young struck out swinging. Flores grounded into double play, third to second to first, Milledge out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 2 - Twins 11.	Slowey's arm, Morneau's bat lead Twins to rout