Rangers - Top 1st. Mock pitching for Nationals. Kinsler homered to left. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Young singled to left. Hamilton struck out swinging. Byrd singled to center, Young to second. Murphy doubled to deep right, Young and Byrd scored. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Gabbard pitching for Rangers. Guzman grounded out to first. Dukes grounded out to second. Milledge struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Mock pitching for Nationals. Vazquez reached on infield single to second. Gabbard struck out bunting foul. Kinsler walked, Vazquez to second. Catalanotto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Gabbard pitching for Rangers. Young singled to center. Belliard struck out swinging. Lopez walked, Young to second. Lo Duca grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lopez out at second, Young to third. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Mock pitching for Nationals. Young doubled to left. Hamilton grounded out to second, Young to third. Byrd struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Gabbard pitching for Rangers. Mock struck out swinging. Guzman grounded out to third. Dukes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Mock pitching for Nationals. Saltalamacchia singled to center. Vazquez singled to right, Saltalamacchia to third. Gabbard grounded into double play, second to first, Saltalamacchia scored, Vazquez out at second. Kinsler flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Gabbard pitching for Rangers. Milledge homered to left. Young doubled to left. Belliard grounded out to second, Young to third. Lopez grounded out to third, Young scored. Lo Duca flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Mock pitching for Nationals. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Young grounded out to third. Hamilton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Gabbard pitching for Rangers. Pena reached on infield single to second. Mock sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, Pena to second. Guzman singled to left, Pena to third, Mock to second. Dukes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pena scored, Guzman out at second, Mock to third. Milledge grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Mock pitching for Nationals. Byrd struck out swinging. Murphy grounded out to second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Gabbard pitching for Rangers. Young singled to left. Belliard walked, Young to second. Lopez struck out swinging. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Lo Duca singled to right center, Young to third, Belliard to second. Pena flied out to center. Casto hit for Mock. Casto lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Manning pitching for Nationals. Vazquez struck out swinging. Duran hit for Francisco. Duran singled to left. Kinsler walked, Duran to second. Bradley hit for Catalanotto. Bradley singled to right, Duran to third, Kinsler to second. Shelton ran for Bradley. Sanches pitching for Nationals. Young singled to left, Duran and Kinsler scored, Shelton to second. Hamilton singled to right, Shelton scored, Young to second. Byrd lined out to third. Murphy singled to center, Young scored, Hamilton to second. Saltalamacchia walked, Hamilton to third, Murphy to second. Vazquez doubled to deep right, Hamilton, Murphy and Saltalamacchia scored. Colome pitching for Nationals. Vazquez to third on wild pitch by Colome. Duran popped out to shortstop. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Shelton at first base. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Guzman grounded out to first. Dukes flied out to right. Milledge struck out swinging, Milledge safe at first on wild pitch by Mendoza. Young grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Harris at third base. Belliard at first base. Colome pitching for Nationals. Kinsler grounded out to third. Shelton singled to right. Shelton to second on wild pitch by Colome. Young struck out swinging. Hamilton singled to center, Shelton scored. Byrd singled to center, Hamilton to third. Murphy grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Belliard flied out to right. Lopez grounded out to second. Lo Duca grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Colome pitching for Nationals. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. Vazquez walked. Mendoza struck out looking. Kinsler walked, Vazquez to second. Shelton singled to right, Vazquez scored, Kinsler to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Shelton out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Pena singled to right. Nieves hit for Colome. Nieves struck out swinging. Guzman flied out to right. Dukes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 13 - Nationals 3.	Gabbard records rare win as Rangers swat Nats