Astros - Top 1st. Balester pitching for Nationals. Erstad flied out to left. Matsui singled to center. Berkman singled to right, Matsui to third. Lee singled to left, Matsui scored, Berkman to second. Tejada flied out to right. Blum lined out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Harris doubled to right. Lo Duca grounded out to first, Harris to third. Guzman hit sacrifice fly to center, Harris scored. Kearns flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Balester pitching for Nationals. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Ausmus flied out to right. Rodriguez singled to center. Erstad flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Belliard doubled to deep center. Flores singled to center, Belliard scored. Pena flied out to center. Lopez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Flores out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Balester pitching for Nationals. Matsui flied out to left. Berkman grounded out to shortstop. Lee grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Balester singled to center. Harris grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Balester out at second. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Balester pitching for Nationals. Tejada reached on bunt single to pitcher. Blum flied out to right. Pence homered to left, Tejada scored. Ausmus struck out looking. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Guzman fouled out to third. Kearns struck out swinging. Belliard lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Balester pitching for Nationals. Erstad safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Belliard. Matsui doubled to right, Erstad to third. Berkman doubled to deep left, Erstad and Matsui scored. Lee singled to left, Berkman to third. Tejada struck out swinging. Blum grounded out to first. Pence singled to left, Berkman scored, Lee to second. Ausmus singled to center, Lee to third, Pence to second. Colome pitching for Nationals. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Flores lined out to left. Pena grounded out to third. Lopez doubled to deep left center. Langerhans hit for Colome. Langerhans grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Erstad reached on infield single to shortstop. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Erstad out at second. Berkman grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Matsui out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Harris homered to right. Lo Duca singled to left. Guzman grounded out to second, Lo Duca to second. Kearns walked. Belliard singled to left, Lo Duca to third, Kearns to second. Sampson pitching for Astros. Flores hit by pitch, Lo Duca scored, Kearns to third, Belliard to second. Pena grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Kearns out at home. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Lee reached on infield single to shortstop, Lee to second on throwing error by shortstop Guzman. Tejada lined out to third. Blum grounded out to pitcher. Pence walked. Ausmus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Sampson pitching for Astros. Lopez struck out swinging. Casto hit for Rivera. Casto lined out to left. Harris lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Newhan hit for Sampson. Newhan popped out to shortstop. Erstad flied out to left. Matsui walked. Berkman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Geary pitching for Astros. Lo Duca singled to right. Guzman struck out swinging. Kearns grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lo Duca out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Lee flied out to left. Tejada grounded out to first. Blum struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Erstad in left field. Bourn in center field. Valverde pitching for Astros. Wigginton at third base. Belliard flied out to right. Flores grounded out to shortstop. Pena grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 6 - Nationals 4.	Pence, Astros handle Nationals