Nationals - Top 1st. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Harris struck out swinging. Guzman popped out to shortstop. Zimmerman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Pierre grounded out to second. Kemp lined out to left. Martin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Kearns flied out to right. Flores grounded out to third. Milledge struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Kent singled to left. Garciaparra grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kent out at second. Loney walked. Loney to second on wild pitch by Lannan. Jones grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Lo Duca singled to left. Lopez singled to left, Lo Duca to second. Lannan sacrificed to pitcher, Lo Duca to third, Lopez to second. Harris hit sacrifice fly to center, Lo Duca scored, Lopez to third. Guzman struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. LaRoche flied out to center. Billingsley flied out to right. Pierre grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher. Kearns singled to center. Flores grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kearns out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Kemp walked. Martin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kemp out at second. Kent safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman. Garciaparra grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kent out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Milledge grounded out to third. Lo Duca walked. Lopez flied out to center. Lannan safe at first on error by pitcher Billingsley, Lo Duca to second. Harris walked, Lo Duca to third, Lannan to second. Guzman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Loney grounded out to pitcher. Jones doubled to deep center. LaRoche lined out to right. Billingsley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Zimmerman flied out to center. Kearns grounded out to third. Flores flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Pierre singled to center. Kemp singled to left, Pierre to second. Martin hit by pitch, Pierre to third, Kemp to second. Kent lined out to shortstop. Garciaparra singled to center, Pierre and Kemp scored, Martin to third. Loney grounded out to second, Martin scored, Garciaparra to second. Jones struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Milledge grounded out to shortstop. Lo Duca grounded out to pitcher. Lopez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. Billingsley struck out swinging. Pierre grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Langerhans hit for Lannan. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Langerhans walked. Harris grounded out to shortstop, Langerhans to second. Guzman flied out to center. Zimmerman singled to center, Langerhans scored. Kearns singled to right, Zimmerman to second. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Flores struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Kemp struck out swinging. Martin struck out looking. Kent flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Ozuna at second base. Berroa at shortstop. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Milledge flied out to right. Lo Duca flied out to right. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 2 - Dodgers 3.	Billingsley baffles Nats in Dodgers' narrow victory