Phillies - Top 1st. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Rollins grounded out to third. Victorino hit by pitch. Utley flied out to right. Howard singled to left center, Victorino to third. Burrell fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Harris flied out to left. Milledge struck out swinging. Zimmerman singled to right. Kearns struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Werth homered to left. Bruntlett singled to center. Bruntlett to second on wild pitch by Lannan. Ruiz singled to left, Bruntlett to third. Kendrick sacrificed to pitcher, Ruiz to second. Rollins grounded out to third, Bruntlett scored. Victorino safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman, Ruiz scored. Utley walked. Howard struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Flores struck out looking. Casto doubled to deep left. Belliard grounded out to shortstop, Casto to third. Casto scored on Kendrick's wild pitch. Orr singled to right. Lannan grounded into fielder's choice to second, Orr out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Burrell walked. Werth struck out swinging. Bruntlett flied out to left. Ruiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Harris grounded out to shortstop. Milledge grounded out to second. Zimmerman hit by pitch. Kearns singled to left, Zimmerman to second. Flores singled to left, Zimmerman scored, Kearns to second. Casto grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Harris at second base. Langerhans in left field. Belliard at third base. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Kendrick struck out swinging, Kendrick safe at on error by player player, Kendrick to first on throwing error by catcher Flores. Rollins homered to left, Kendrick scored. Victorino reached on bunt single to first. Victorino stole second. Utley struck out looking. Howard struck out swinging. Victorino caught stealing third, catcher to third. Burrell batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Belliard flied out to right. Orr singled to center. Lannan sacrificed to catcher, Orr to second. Harris lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Burrell walked. Werth struck out swinging. Bruntlett grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Burrell out at second. Bruntlett caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Ruiz batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Milledge grounded out to shortstop. Langerhans grounded out to shortstop. Kearns struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Ruiz grounded out to third. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Rollins doubled to deep right. Victorino reached on infield single to third, Rollins scored on throwing error by third baseman Belliard. Utley singled to right, Victorino to second. Manning pitching for Nationals. Manning pitching for Nationals. Manning pitching for Nationals. Manning pitching for Nationals. Howard singled to right, Victorino scored, Utley to third. Manning pitching for Nationals. Manning pitching for Nationals. Manning pitching for Nationals. Manning pitching for Nationals. Manning pitching for Nationals. Howard singled to right, Victorino scored, Utley to third. Manning pitching for Nationals. Manning pitching for Nationals. Manning pitching for Nationals. Manning pitching for Nationals. Manning pitching for Nationals. Howard singled to right, Victorino scored, Utley to third. Manning pitching for Nationals. Mock pitching for Nationals. Burrell singled to left, Utley scored, Howard to second. Werth popped out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Flores grounded out to third. Casto grounded out to second. Belliard hit by pitch. Orr flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Mock pitching for Nationals. Bruntlett struck out swinging. Ruiz grounded out to first. Kendrick struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Nieves hit for Mock. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Nieves grounded out to shortstop. Harris lined out to first. Milledge singled to left. Langerhans walked, Milledge to second. Condrey pitching for Phillies. Kearns struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Colome pitching for Nationals. Rollins walked. Victorino grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rollins out at second. Utley hit by pitch. Howard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Condrey pitching for Phillies. Flores grounded out to shortstop. Casto grounded out to first. Belliard grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Colome pitching for Nationals. Burrell grounded out to second. Werth struck out looking. Bruntlett flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Seanez pitching for Phillies. Werth in left field. Jenkins in right field. Orr singled to right. Lopez hit for Colome. Lopez doubled to deep center, Orr to third. Harris grounded out to first, Orr scored, Lopez to third. Milledge grounded out to pitcher, Lopez scored. Langerhans walked. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Kearns flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 8 - Nationals 4.	Phillies sweep Nats, extend win streak to 5