Nationals - Top 1st. Myers pitching for Phillies. Bonifacio reached on infield single to shortstop. Harris grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bonifacio out at second. Zimmerman safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Dobbs. Milledge walked, Zimmerman to second. Belliard singled to left, Zimmerman thrown out at home, Milledge to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Balester pitching for Nationals. Rollins lined out to center. Werth struck out swinging. Utley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Flores safe at first on error by left fielder Burrell. Kearns flied out to center. Hernandez singled to left, Flores to second. Balester bunt popped out to pitcher. Bonifacio struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Balester pitching for Nationals. Howard flied out to center. Burrell flied out to center. Victorino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Harris struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded out to second. Milledge doubled to deep left. Belliard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Balester pitching for Nationals. Dobbs walked. Coste hit by pitch, Dobbs to second. Myers bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Dobbs out at third, Coste to second. Rollins grounded into fielder's choice to second, Myers out at second, Coste to third, Coste scored on throwing error by shortstop Hernandez. Werth grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 4th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Flores lined out to center. Kearns fouled out to first. Hernandez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Balester pitching for Nationals. Utley singled to left. Howard struck out swinging. Burrell grounded into double play, third to second to first, Utley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Balester grounded out to shortstop. Bonifacio reached on infield single to first. Bonifacio stole second. Harris grounded out to second, Bonifacio to third. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Balester pitching for Nationals. Victorino reached on infield single to pitcher. Dobbs homered to right, Victorino scored. Coste reached on infield single to third. Myers struck out bunting foul. Rollins singled to right, Coste to third. Rollins caught stealing second, catcher to second. Werth doubled to right, Coste scored. Utley grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Milledge struck out swinging. Belliard singled to left. Flores struck out swinging. Kearns flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Balester pitching for Nationals. Howard grounded out to first. Burrell struck out swinging. Victorino singled to right center. Dobbs flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Hernandez singled to left center. Langerhans hit for Balester. Langerhans popped out to third. Bonifacio grounded out to second, Hernandez to second. Harris flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Estrada pitching for Nationals. Coste singled to center. Coste caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Myers struck out looking. Rollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman singled to left. Milledge grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Zimmerman out at second. Belliard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Estrada pitching for Nationals. Werth struck out swinging. Utley doubled to left. Howard fouled out to third. Burrell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Werth in left field. Bruntlett at third base. Jenkins in right field. Myers pitching for Phillies. Flores grounded out to shortstop. Kearns struck out swinging. Hernandez reached on infield single to second. Boone hit for Estrada. Hernandez to second on fielder's indifference. Boone struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 0 - Phillies 4.	Myers' shutout powers Phillies to 3rd straight win