Padres - Top 1st. Balester pitching for Nationals. Venable flied out to center. Antonelli grounded out to shortstop. Giles popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Hayhurst pitching for Padres. Bonifacio walked. Bonifacio stole second. Guzman grounded out to second, Bonifacio to third. Zimmerman grounded out to second, Bonifacio scored. Milledge flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Balester pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff popped out to shortstop. Headley singled to left. Hundley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Hayhurst pitching for Padres. Dukes singled to center. Casto struck out swinging. Montz walked, Dukes to second. Bernadina singled to right, Dukes scored, Montz to third. Balester struck out swinging. Bernadina caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Balester pitching for Nationals. Kazmar popped out to second. Hayhurst struck out swinging. Venable homered to right center. Antonelli fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Hayhurst pitching for Padres. Bonifacio grounded out to second. Guzman flied out to left. Zimmerman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Balester pitching for Nationals. Giles doubled to deep right. Gonzalez singled to deep right, Giles scored. Kouzmanoff homered to left, Gonzalez scored. Headley struck out swinging. Hundley safe at first on error by third baseman Zimmerman. Kazmar flied out to center. Hayhurst struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Hayhurst pitching for Padres. Milledge hit ground rule double to left. Dukes struck out swinging. Casto singled to right, Milledge to third. Montz walked, Casto to second. Ekstrom pitching for Padres. Bernadina struck out swinging. Balester reached on infield single to second, Milledge scored, Casto to third, Montz to second. Bonifacio walked, Casto scored, Montz to third, Balester to second. Guzman flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Balester pitching for Nationals. Venable flied out to center. Antonelli singled to center. Giles grounded out to pitcher, Antonelli to second. Gonzalez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Ekstrom pitching for Padres. Zimmerman popped out to shortstop. Milledge struck out swinging. Dukes walked. Casto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Balester pitching for Nationals. Kouzmanoff doubled to deep right center. Headley doubled to deep center, Kouzmanoff to third. Mock pitching for Nationals. Hundley walked. Kazmar struck out swinging. Macias hit for Ekstrom. Macias struck out looking. Venable reached on infield single to shortstop, Kouzmanoff scored, Headley to third, Hundley to second. Antonelli struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Hensley pitching for Padres. Montz struck out swinging. Bernadina singled to right. Harris hit for Mock. Harris singled to right, Bernadina to third. Bonifacio hit sacrifice fly to left, Bernadina scored, Harris to second. Guzman flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Hinckley pitching for Nationals. Giles popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to left. Kouzmanoff walked, Gonzalez to second. Headley grounded out to third, Gonzalez to third, Kouzmanoff to second. Shell pitching for Nationals. Hundley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Adams pitching for Padres. Zimmerman popped out to second. Milledge singled to right. Milledge caught stealing second, catcher to second. Dukes walked. Casto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Shell pitching for Nationals. Kazmar walked. Rodriguez hit for Adams. Rodriguez sacrificed to pitcher, Kazmar to second. Venable singled to right, Kazmar scored. Antonelli popped out to first. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Giles singled to right, Venable to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Bell pitching for Padres. Hernandez hit for Montz. Hernandez walked. Bernadina sacrificed into fielder's choice to third, Hernandez to second. Orr hit for Rivera. Orr struck out swinging. Bonifacio walked, Hernandez to third, Bernadina to second. Guzman hit sacrifice fly to center, Hernandez scored. Zimmerman flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Nieves catching. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Headley doubled to right center. Hundley flied out to left. Gonzalez hit for Kazmar. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Gonzalez at shortstop. Bell pitching for Padres. Milledge grounded out to shortstop. Dukes flied out to center. Casto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 10th. Colome pitching for Nationals. Ambres hit for Bell. Ambres fouled out to third. Venable struck out swinging. Antonelli flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 10th. Meredith pitching for Padres. Nieves grounded out to shortstop. Bernadina walked. Langerhans hit for Colome. Bernadina stole second. Langerhans walked. Bonifacio grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bernadina out at third, Langerhans to second. Guzman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 11th. Manning pitching for Nationals. Giles walked. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Giles out at second. Kouzmanoff singled to center. Headley walked, Kouzmanoff to second. Hundley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 11th. Meredith pitching for Padres. Zimmerman popped out to second. Milledge singled to left. Dukes struck out swinging. Casto grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 12th. Manning pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez doubled to center. Gerut hit for Meredith. Meredith bunt popped into double play, pitcher to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. Venable popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 12th. Patterson pitching for Padres. Nieves fouled out to first. Bernadina singled to left center. Boone hit for Manning. Boone struck out looking, Bernadina stole second. Bonifacio grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 13th. Speigner pitching for Nationals. Antonelli popped out to second. Giles grounded out to second. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 13th. Patterson pitching for Padres. Guzman flied out to left. Zimmerman popped out to second. Milledge walked. Milledge to second on wild pitch by Patterson. Dukes intentionally walked. Hampson pitching for Padres. Casto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 14th. Speigner pitching for Nationals. Kouzmanoff hit by pitch. Headley tripled to deep right, Kouzmanoff scored. Hundley singled to center, Headley scored. Gonzalez singled to left, Hundley to second. Baek hit for Hampson. Baek sacrificed to pitcher, Hundley to third, Gonzalez to second. Venable intentionally walked. Antonelli grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hundley out at home, Gonzalez to third, Venable to second. Giles walked, Gonzalez scored, Venable to third, Antonelli to second. Gonzalez singled to right center, Venable and Antonelli scored, Giles to third. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 14th. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Nieves grounded out to shortstop. Bernadina struck out swinging. Gonzalez hit for Speigner. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 11 - Nationals 6.	Headley's four knocks nip Padres past Nats in 14