Mets - Top 1st. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Lagares grounded out to shortstop. Granderson doubled to deep right. Céspedes struck out swinging. Uribe walked. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Uribe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Niese pitching for Mets. Blackmon singled to left. Reyes sacrificed to pitcher, Blackmon to second. Blackmon caught stealing third, pitcher to third to shortstop. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Flores doubled to deep left. d'Arnaud doubled to deep right, Flores scored. Tejada doubled to left, d'Arnaud scored. Niese struck out swinging. Lagares doubled to deep left, Tejada scored. Granderson struck out swinging. Céspedes grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Niese pitching for Mets. Arenado singled to left. LeMahieu lined out to right. McBride singled to right, Arenado to second. Hundley walked, Arenado to third, McBride to second. Parker tripled to deep center, Arenado, McBride and Hundley scored. Rusin struck out looking. Blackmon grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Uribe homered to right (387 feet). Cuddyer doubled to deep left center. Flores singled to right, Cuddyer to third. d'Arnaud doubled to deep center, Cuddyer scored, Flores to third. Tejada walked. Niese singled to left center, Flores and d'Arnaud scored, Tejada to second. Lagares singled to deep center, Tejada scored, Niese to third. Granderson doubled to deep right, Niese and Lagares scored. Miller pitching for Rockies. Céspedes singled to left, Granderson to third. Uribe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Granderson scored, Céspedes out at second. Cuddyer struck out swinging. 8 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Niese pitching for Mets. Reyes grounded out to third. González singled to right. Arenado lined out to left. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Rockies. Flores safe at second on error by second baseman LeMahieu, Flores advanced to first on LeMahieu error, Flores tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. d'Arnaud flied out to right. Tejada walked. Niese grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Niese pitching for Mets. McBride struck out looking. Hundley reached on infield single to shortstop. Parker walked, Hundley to second. Miller sacrificed to catcher, Hundley to third, Parker to second. Blackmon lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Miller pitching for Rockies. Lagares singled to left center. Granderson walked, Lagares to second. Céspedes singled to center, Lagares scored, Granderson to third. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Granderson scored, Céspedes out at second. Cuddyer singled to right, Uribe to second. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Uribe to third, Cuddyer to second on wild pitch by Oberg. Flores reached on infield single to third, Uribe scored, Cuddyer to third. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Niese pitching for Mets. Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop. González doubled to deep right, Reyes to third. Arenado hit sacrifice fly to right, Reyes scored, González to third. LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher. McBride popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Garneau catching. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Niese grounded out to shortstop. Lagares grounded out to shortstop. Granderson singled to left. Céspedes fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Niese pitching for Mets. Garneau doubled to left. Parker grounded out to shortstop. Barnes hit for Oberg. Barnes singled to center, Garneau scored. Blackmon homered to right (393 feet), Barnes scored. O'Flaherty pitching for Mets. Reyes homered to left center (422 feet). González lined out to center. Torres pitching for Mets. Arenado grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Uribe fouled out to first. Cuddyer flied out to center. Flores popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Torres pitching for Mets. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. McBride singled to center. Garneau flied out to center. Parker doubled to deep right, McBride scored. Paulsen hit for Betancourt. Paulsen struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. d'Arnaud popped out to second. Tejada singled to center. Johnson hit for Torres. Johnson reached on infield single to first, Tejada hit by batted ball out at second. Lagares grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Clippard pitching for Mets. Blackmon flied out to center. Reyes struck out swinging, Reyes safe at first on wild pitch by Clippard. González struck out swinging. Arenado flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Granderson grounded out to first. Céspedes grounded out to second. Uribe doubled to deep right. Cuddyer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Familia pitching for Mets. LeMahieu grounded out to third. McBride fouled out to catcher. Garneau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 14 - Rockies 9.	Mets beat Rockies by same 14-9 score for 2nd straight day