Mets - Top 1st. Weber pitching for Braves. Granderson flied out to right. Murphy flied out to center. Duda flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Niese pitching for Mets. Markakis reached on infield single to second. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at second. Freeman flied out to right. García singled to right, Castro to second. Olivera walked, Castro to third, García to second. Simmons grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Weber pitching for Braves. Uribe singled to left center. Conforto homered to right (435 feet), Uribe scored. Nieuwenhuis doubled to deep right. Tejada lined out to second. Nieuwenhuis caught stealing third, catcher to third. Plawecki walked. Niese grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Niese pitching for Mets. Bethancourt grounded out to third. Bourn flied out to left. Weber grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Weber pitching for Braves. Granderson flied out to left. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Duda hit by pitch. Uribe lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Niese pitching for Mets. Markakis reached on infield single to pitcher. Castro singled to right, Markakis to third. Freeman struck out swinging. García singled to right, Markakis scored, Castro to second. Olivera flied out to right, Castro to third. Simmons singled to left, Castro scored, García to second. Bethancourt flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Weber pitching for Braves. Conforto grounded out to second. Nieuwenhuis grounded out to first. Tejada singled to left. Plawecki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tejada out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Niese pitching for Mets. Bourn singled to center. Weber bunted into fielder's choice to third, Bourn out at second. Markakis lined out to center. Castro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Weber pitching for Braves. Niese struck out swinging. Granderson hit by pitch. Murphy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Granderson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Niese pitching for Mets. Freeman grounded out to second. García struck out swinging. Olivera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Weber pitching for Braves. Duda lined out to right. Uribe struck out swinging. Conforto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Niese pitching for Mets. Simmons singled to left. Bethancourt safe at second on error by third baseman Uribe, Simmons to third. Bourn hit sacrifice fly to left, Simmons scored, Bethancourt to third. Weber struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Top 7th. Weber pitching for Braves. Nieuwenhuis walked. Tejada grounded out to third, Nieuwenhuis to second. Plawecki singled to center, Nieuwenhuis to third. Johnson hit for Niese. Marksberry pitching for Braves. Cuddyer hit for Johnson. Cuddyer hit by pitch, Plawecki to second. Granderson singled to right, Nieuwenhuis and Plawecki scored, Cuddyer to third, Granderson to second advancing on throw. Murphy fouled out to third. Duda struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Stauffer pitching for Mets. Castro singled to right. Freeman singled to right, Castro to third. García grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Castro scored, Freeman out at second. Olivera hit by pitch. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Olivera out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Marimon pitching for Braves. Uribe struck out swinging. Conforto walked. Young Jr. ran for Conforto. Young Jr. caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Nieuwenhuis fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Young Jr. in left field. Stauffer pitching for Mets. Bethancourt reached on infield single to shortstop. Álvarez pitching for Mets. Nieuwenhuis in left field. Lagares in center field. Bourn sacrificed to first, Bethancourt to second. Swisher hit for Marimon. Swisher hit by pitch. Maybin ran for Swisher. Markakis flied out to left. Castro singled to left, Bethancourt scored, Maybin to third. Freeman walked, Castro to second. Parnell pitching for Mets. García singled to right, Maybin and Castro scored, Freeman to third. Olivera struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Moylan pitching for Braves. Bourn in left field. Maybin in center field. Tejada struck out looking. Plawecki struck out swinging. Lagares doubled to deep right. Kelly pitching for Braves. Granderson walked. Murphy homered to right center (416 feet), Lagares and Granderson scored. Duda flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Parnell pitching for Mets. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Bethancourt grounded out to shortstop. Bourn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 10th. Jackson pitching for Braves. Uribe popped out to shortstop. Céspedes hit for Parnell. Céspedes struck out swinging. Nieuwenhuis walked. Tejada singled to right, Nieuwenhuis to third. Plawecki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nieuwenhuis scored, Tejada safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Olivera. Lagares walked, Tejada to third, Plawecki to second. Granderson walked, Tejada scored, Plawecki to third, Lagares to second. Burawa pitching for Braves. Murphy walked, Plawecki scored, Lagares to third, Granderson to second. Duda grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 10th. Reed pitching for Mets. Maybin struck out swinging. Markakis safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada. Castro popped out to second. Freeman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Mets 10 - Braves 7.	Murphy, Mets rally for 7th straight win