Rockies - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Taveras struck out swinging . Barmes struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Drew singled to left , Young to second . Hudson singled to right , Young scored , Drew to third . Jackson singled to left , Drew scored , Hudson to second . Upton flied out to right . Byrnes struck out swinging . Reynolds singled to left , Hudson scored , Jackson to second . Montero grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reynolds out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins singled to right . Spilborghs doubled to deep right , Atkins to third . Baker hit sacrifice fly to center , Atkins scored . Torrealba grounded out to pitcher , Spilborghs to third . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Ra Johnson singled to deep left . Young singled to right , Ra Johnson to second . Drew homered to right , Ra Johnson and Young scored . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Jackson singled to right . Upton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jackson out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Francis grounded out to second . Taveras grounded out to second . Barmes singled to center . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Byrnes struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded out to third . Montero grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins homered to left center . Spilborghs doubled to deep left . Spilborghs to third on balk by Ra Johnson . Baker reached on infield single to second , Spilborghs scored . Torrealba reached on infield single to pitcher , Baker to second . Herrera singled to left , Baker scored , Torrealba to second . Francis sacrificed to third , Torrealba to third , Herrera to second . Taveras struck out swinging . Barmes grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Ra Johnson struck out swinging . Young doubled to left . Drew flied out to left . Hudson singled to right , Young scored , Hudson to second advancing on throw . Jackson flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday singled to left . Atkins popped out to first . Spilborghs struck out looking , Holliday stole second . Baker popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Upton reached on bunt single to third . Byrnes flied out to center . Reynolds flied out to right . Montero singled to center , Upton to third . Burke hit for Ra Johnson . Arias pitching for Rockies . Burke singled to right , Upton scored , Montero to second . Young grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Herrera doubled to deep left center . Podsednik hit for Arias . Podsednik struck out swinging . Taveras lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Drew flied out to center . Hudson walked . Jackson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hudson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes flied out to center . Holliday singled to center . Atkins struck out swinging . Holliday to second on wild pitch by Qualls . Spilborghs walked . Baker grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Upton tripled to deep right . Byrnes popped out to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . Montero walked . Salazar hit for Qualls . Salazar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Herrera flied out to center . Hawpe hit for Grilli . Hawpe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Young grounded out to third . Drew struck out swinging . Hudson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Snyder catching . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Taveras flied out to center . Barmes reached on infield single to third . Holliday grounded out to third , Barmes to second . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Diamondbacks 8 .	D - backs dig out Big Unit in win against Rockies